We faced a challenging business environment in 2015. The impact of global macro-economic conditions, especially the volatility in the greater China region contributed to a decrease in demand for our products. Additionally, competitive pressures contributed to an overall challenging year. We also experienced reduced demand from our original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") customers in advance of the launch of Microsoft Windows® 10. During 2015, we continued to focus on introducing a more diverse product portfolio. As part of our long-term strategy to deliver great products, we introduced a number of new products in 2015 including our 6th generation AMD A-series mobile processors in a system-on-chip (SoC) design and introduced a desktop A-series processor. We also introduced the A8-7670K APU designed to support Windows® 10 and mainstream workloads. With respect to our graphics products, we introduced the new AMD Radeon™ R9 Fury X and R9 Fury graphics, as well as the AMD Radeon R7 300 and R9 300 series graphics. We also expanded our AMD FirePro™ server GPU family by introducing the AMD FirePro S9170, designed for high-performance compute (HPC) environments. The 2015 restructuring plan provides for a workforce reduction of approximately 5% and includes organizational actions such as outsourcing certain IT services and application development. We realized operational savings, primarily in operating expenses, of approximately $8 million in 2015. We expect the 2015 restructuring plan to result in operational savings, primarily in operating expenses, of approximately $48 million in 2016. Our operating expenses in 2015 decreased to $1.56 billion, from $1.99 billion in 2014. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in research and development expenses and marketing, general and administrative expenses. We recorded a $37 million restructuring charge, which consisted of approximately $27 million of severance and benefit costs, approximately $1 million of facilities-related consolidation charges, and approximately $9 million of intangible asset-related charges associated with the impairment of certain software licenses that have ongoing payment obligations. The 2015 restructuring plan was focused on our ongoing efforts to simplify our business and better align resources around our priorities and business outlook. Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of December 26, 2015 were $785 million compared to $1.0 billion as of December 27, 2014. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balance along with the savings from our restructuring plans and our secured revolving line of credit will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures, over the next 12 months. We are currently in the process of negotiating a sixth amendment to the wafer supply agreement, and we expect that our future purchases from GlobalFoundries will continue to be material. The transaction will result in the joint ventures providing assembly, testing, marking, packing, and packaging services to us. The equity interest purchase agreement also has related agreements including a manufacturing services agreement and a transition services agreement. We expect actions associated with the 2015 restructuring plan to be substantially completed by the end of the third quarter of 2016. The decrease in net revenue was primarily due to a decrease in unit shipments of our server and embedded products due primarily to increased competitive pressures, as well as due to the decrease in net revenue from certain royalty arrangements and a decrease in non-recurring engineering revenue. The decrease in net revenue was partially offset by an increase in net revenue received in connection with higher unit shipments of our semi-custom SoC products.