We are actively deploying x1 set-top boxes throughout our footprint and have launched cloud DVR technology in substantially all of our markets. We are continuing to expand our network of residential, outdoor, and business Wi-Fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. We offer to medium-sized businesses and large enterprises Ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options. We also provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators to help those customers manage network bandwidth. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services, and from the sale of advertising. The most significant operating costs and expenses for our cable communications segment are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers. We expect that our programming expenses will continue to increase, which may negatively impact our operating margin. We will attempt to mitigate increases in operating costs and expenses by growing revenue, particularly in our high-speed internet, video, and business services businesses. Our cable communications segment operating margin is operating income before depreciation and amortization as a percentage of revenue. We are making investments to improve the customer experience, including by hiring additional personnel and developing and deploying various technology and software tools. Our cable networks segment generates revenue primarily from the distribution and licensing of its programming and from the sale of advertising on its networks. We believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us to attract and retain video customers. We are investing in our x1 platform, wireless gateways, and cloud DVR technology, and in equipment to increase our network capacity. Our capital expenditures increased primarily due to increased spending on customer premise equipment related to our x1 platform and wireless gateways, as well as continued investment in network infrastructure to increase network capacity. We are developing a universal theme park in Beijing, China, and we expect the development of this park to continue. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. We anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows to meet our debt repayment obligations, to fund our capital expenditures, to invest in business opportunities, and to return capital to shareholders. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. Our capital expenditures for 2016 are focused on the continued deployment of our x1 platform and cloud DVR technology, acceleration of wireless gateways, and network infrastructure to increase network capacity. Our customer base continues to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. The increases in the number of business customers were primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing. The increase in our filmed entertainment segment revenue was largely due to the success of major films, which exceeded $1 billion in worldwide theatrical receipts. We are also investing in original programming and sports programming rights at both our cable networks and broadcast television networks.