During 2015, the company faced rapid technological development, particularly with respect to computing, mobile connectivity, communications, and digitization in most of its served markets. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products, services, and software with higher gross profit margins, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated environment. The acquisition of Pall provides additional sales and earnings growth opportunities for the company's life sciences and diagnostics segment by expanding the segment's geographic and product line diversity, including new and complementary product and service offerings in the area of filtration, separation, and purification technologies. As Pall is integrated into the company, the company expects to realize significant cost synergies through the application of the Danaher Business System and the combined purchasing power of the company and Pall. The company's test & measurement segment offers essential products, software, and services used to create actionable intelligence by measuring and monitoring a wide range of physical parameters in industrial applications, including electrical current, radio frequency signals, distance, pressure, and temperature. The company also sells services and products that help developers and engineers convert concepts into finished products. The company's environmental segment products and services help protect the global water supply, facilitate environmental stewardship, enhance the safety of personal data, and improve business efficiencies. The company's water quality business provides instrumentation and disinfection systems to help analyze, treat, and manage the quality of ultra-pure, potable, waste, ground, and ocean water in various applications. The company is dedicated to driving technological innovations that help dental professionals improve clinical outcomes and enhance productivity. The company has made significant investments in its information technology systems to support its operations and enhance its capabilities. The company's ongoing commitment to improving operational efficiency and effectiveness is evident in its investment decisions, which are aimed at leveraging technology to optimize processes and enhance customer relationships. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to transform into a competitive force. The integration of acquired businesses, such as Pall and Nobel Biocare, is expected to enhance the company's capabilities in delivering innovative solutions and improving operational efficiencies. The company's strategic resource allocation and management practices are designed to align with its business objectives and respond to market dynamics effectively.