The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. As interactions between users and advertisers change, we continue to expand our product offerings to serve their changing needs. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. Our users are accessing the internet via multiple devices, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile phones and other new formats. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., especially in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. We expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus for Google, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services across both Google and other bets. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We have multiple operating segments, representing the individual businesses that are run separately under the Alphabet structure. Google includes our main internet products such as search, ads, commerce, maps, YouTube, apps, cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play as well as hardware products we sell, such as Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus. Our technical infrastructure and newer efforts like virtual reality are also included in Google. Our R&D expenses consist primarily of labor and facilities-related costs for employees responsible for R&D of our existing and new products and services. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2016 and future periods. We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and fluctuate as a percentage of total revenues in 2016 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google network members' websites. We expect both of these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins, particularly if we fail to realize the opportunities presented during the transition to a dynamic multi-screen environment. We continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, and we will invest heavily in R&D and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. In addition, we may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities.