As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Global and regional economic conditions have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, impacting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably, and our ability to make new investments. Market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet, and our ability to realize investments. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We have a long-term investment horizon, and the capital deployed in any one quarter may vary significantly from the capital deployed in any other quarter or the quarterly average of capital deployed in any given year. Reduced levels of transaction activity also tend to result in a reduced potential future investment gains, lower transaction fees, and lower fees for our capital markets business. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict and may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital from our funds and our balance sheet. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally, and the initial public offering market specifically affects the value of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies in a timely manner. Our capital markets business is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. Our capital markets business does not generate management or monitoring fees. Our transaction fees are comprised of fees from various geographic regions and are generally higher with respect to underwriting or syndicating equity offerings than with respect to debt offerings. The methodology for measuring the fair value of investments and other financial instruments is consistent with the methodologies applied to investments and other financial instruments that are held in consolidated funds and vehicles. Our investments in private equity, real assets, and credit investments are valued using various methodologies, including market comparables and discounted cash flow analyses, which incorporate significant assumptions and judgments. The valuation process for level III measurements is completed on a quarterly basis and is designed to subject the valuation of level III investments to an appropriate level of consistency, oversight, and review. The methodology for measuring the fair value of such investments is consistent with the methodologies applied to investments and other financial instruments that are held in consolidated funds and vehicles. The fair value of our energy investments is significantly impacted by changes in commodity prices, which can create volatility in our earnings and the amounts of assets and partners' capital that we report from time to time. The availability of observable inputs can vary depending on the financial asset or liability and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including the type of instrument and current market conditions.