The following discussion contains trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our management's discussion and analysis ("MD&A") is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D to develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. We expect our future capital spending will be higher than our historical levels due to the MMJ acquisition and our expansion in Singapore. The expansion facilitates efficient implementation of 3D NAND flash production at the Singapore facility and gives us the flexibility to gradually add incremental capacity in response to market requirements. Our overall gross margin percentage declined primarily due to declines in average selling prices partially offset by manufacturing cost reductions. The increases in gigabit sales volumes were primarily attributable to higher manufacturing output due to improvements in product and process technologies. Our R&D expenses reflect net reductions as a result of reimbursements under our Intel and other cost-sharing arrangements. Our process technology R&D efforts are focused primarily on development of successively smaller line-width process technologies designed to facilitate our transition to next-generation memory products. We have entered into various restructure activities to optimize operations, improve efficiency, and increase our focus on our core memory operations. The MMJ acquisition included a 300mm DRAM wafer fabrication facility located in Hiroshima, Japan, which represents a significant portion of our total wafer capacity. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. Our equity in net income of Inotera declined due to a decrease in Inotera's operating results as a result of declines in average selling prices. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures, dilution-management activities, and ongoing operations. The 2016 supply agreement will replace the current agreement, which has an initial two-year term, followed by a three-year wind-down period. We purchased $2.37 billion of DRAM products from Inotera in 2015 under the current agreement. Our overall gross margin percentage improved in prior years primarily due to reductions in costs and increases in average selling prices. Our management's discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended September 3, 2015. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of any loss from such contingencies. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, and our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income. Our cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months.