Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $133.2 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. In addition, third party expenses, including costs associated with cloud computing, increased $23.8 million. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Streaming delivery expenses, therefore, also include equipment costs related to our content delivery network and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering streaming content over the internet. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $522.1 million increase in content expenses primarily relating to expenses for territories launched in the last eighteen months, coupled with existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Other costs increased primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base. We believe international revenues would have been approximately $331 million higher in 2015 if foreign exchange rates had remained consistent with those for the year ended December 31, 2014. We expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which could impact our liquidity and result in future negative free cash flows. Our ability to obtain financing to finance our international expansion or investment in original content will depend on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The contractual obligations table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2015, which include streaming content obligations primarily associated with the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programming. Streaming content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of streaming content. The expected timing of the payment of the obligations discussed is estimated based on information available to us as of December 31, 2015. We have entered into certain licenses with collective management organizations, and are currently involved in negotiations with other CMOs, that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works "publicly performed" in connection with streaming content into various territories. The results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 33% in 2015. As a result of our focus on growing the streaming segments, contribution margins for the domestic and international streaming segments are lower than for our domestic DVD segment. The increase in domestic streaming revenues was due to a 17% growth in the average number of paid memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulting from our price changes and plan mix. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to a $208.1 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming.