We have pioneered the next-generation of security with our innovative platform that empowers enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure their organizations by safely enabling the increasingly complex and rapidly growing number of applications running on their networks and by preventing breaches in real-time that stem from targeted cyber attacks. Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content, providing in-depth visibility into all traffic and all applications. Our security platform consists of three major elements: our next-generation firewall, our advanced endpoint protection, and our threat intelligence cloud. Our next-generation firewall delivers application, user, and content visibility and control as well as protection against network-based cyber threats integrated within the firewall through our proprietary hardware and software architecture. Our advanced endpoint protection prevents cyber attacks that aim to exploit software vulnerabilities on a broad variety of fixed and virtual endpoints and servers. Our threat intelligence cloud provides central intelligence capabilities, security for SaaS applications, and automated delivery of preventative measures against cyber attacks. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. Additionally, we face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products, as well as effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. Our cost of revenue includes allocated costs, which consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings and announcements during fiscal 2015. Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with real-time access to the latest antivirus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and modern malware prevention capabilities across fixed and mobile devices. We leverage our appliances to sell SaaS subscription services to meet our customers' evolving security requirements. Our growth reflects the rapid adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. Our growth was also driven by increased security spending by customers, as security continues to be a critical business imperative for every business in the world. As of July 31, 2015, we had sold our products and services to more than 26,000 end-customers in over 140 countries, representing a broad range of industries including education, energy, financial services, government entities, healthcare, internet and media, manufacturing, public sector, and telecommunications. Our ability to extend our technology leadership and innovate is crucial for sustaining growth and improving operating results in a competitive landscape.