The organizational structure is comprised of global business units (GBUs), selling and market operations (SMOs), global business services (GBS), and corporate functions (CF). GBS provides technology, processes, and standard data tools to enable the GBUs and SMOs to better understand the business and better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class solutions at a low cost and with minimal capital investment. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. This will enable the company to allocate resources to leading brands marketed in the right set of countries, channels, and customers. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, P&G's lifeblood. Each product category needs a full portfolio of innovation, including a mix of commercial programs, product improvements, and game-changing innovations. The company is also innovating to improve its category, brand, and market business models to better serve consumers and customers. Productivity is a core strength for P&G, which creates flexibility to fund growth efforts, offset cost challenges, and improve operating margins. The company has taken significant steps to accelerate productivity and savings across all elements of costs, including cost of goods sold, marketing expense, and non-manufacturing overhead. These efforts are yielding significant benefits to operating margins. The company expects the delivery of long-term annual financial targets will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive peer group, focusing on organic sales growth above market growth rates, core EPS growth of high single digits, and adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% or greater. The company is in the midst of a productivity and cost savings plan designed to reduce costs in supply chain, marketing, and overhead expenses. This plan is intended to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision-making, manufacturing, and other work processes to fund the company's growth strategy. The company has also initiated certain non-manufacturing overhead reduction projects along with manufacturing and other supply chain cost improvements. The primary factors driving year-over-year changes in net sales include overall market growth in the categories in which the company competes, product initiatives, the level of initiatives and other activities by competitors, geographic expansion, and acquisition and divestiture activity. The company is committed to maintaining a disciplined approach to investing to ensure the long-term health of its businesses. The company has a strong focus on improving execution and operating discipline in all activities, which are core capabilities and competitive advantages. The company’s operational flexibility and IT capabilities are critical to supporting business needs and enhancing overall performance. The company believes that its IT capabilities, which encompass the coordination of assets and internal processes, are essential in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security is a key aspect of its information management capability, which is aligned with changing business needs and directions.