We are a leading benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p ratings"), s&p capital iq and snl, s&p dow jones indices ("s&p dj indices") and commodities & commercial ("c&c"). Our vision is to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research in the global capital, commodities and corporate markets. We seek to accomplish our mission and vision within the framework of our core values of fairness, integrity and transparency. We intend to deliver our products and services through customer-centric distribution channels that enable mission-critical decisions in our core customer sets of investment management, investment banking, commercial banking, insurance, specialty financial institutions and corporates. We are aligning our efforts against two key strategic priorities: creating growth and driving performance. We will strive to drive global growth by focusing on executing our strategic initiatives, strengthening core capabilities and collaborating across businesses. We will strive to deliver operational excellence, manage and mitigate risk and enhance leadership and accountability. Our capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, and issuers; the commodities markets include producers, traders and intermediaries within energy, metals, petrochemicals and agriculture; and the commercial markets include professionals and corporate executives within automotive, financial services, insurance and marketing/research information services. Our strategy includes investments in targeted financial assets, divesting selected non-core assets, reducing our real estate portfolio and increasing shareholder return. In 2015, we continued to focus on investments in targeted financial assets, divesting selected non-core assets, reducing in our real estate portfolio and increasing shareholder return. We acquired snl financial lc ("snl"), a leading provider of news, data, and analytics to five sectors in the global economy: financial institutions, real estate, energy, media & communications, and metals & mining. We also acquired petromedia ltd and its operating subsidiaries, an independent provider of data, intelligence, news and tools to the global fuels market that offers a suite of products providing clients with actionable data and intelligence that enables informed decisions, minimizes risk and increases efficiency. Our s&p capital iq and snl segment includes a product suite that provides data, analytics and third-party research for global finance professionals, which includes the s&p capital iq desktop and integrated bulk data feeds that can be customized. The segment will seek to develop new products, further penetrate core customer segments and geographies, as well as enhance core capabilities in data, technology and market approach. The c&c business is driven by the need for high-value information and transparency in a variety of industries. C&c seeks to deliver premier content that is deeply embedded in customer workflows and decision-making processes. We expect to continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to become more integrated in our customers' workflows, compete more effectively in the marketplace, and create a foundation for the development of new products and revenue streams. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital and debt service for 2016.