The ongoing success of our un-carrier proposition and continued modernization of our network has further repositioned T-Mobile to provide customers with an exceptional customer experience, which requires substantial investment in our business. We have substantially completed the process of upgrading our network to LTE, which provides our customers with the fastest nationwide 4G LTE network in the United States. We intend to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses in private party transactions and future FCC spectrum license auctions, including the broadcast incentive auction in 2016, to further enhance our portfolio of U.S. nationwide broadband spectrum and enable the expansion of LTE coverage to new markets. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we have continued to focus on retaining customers through our un-carrier initiatives and ongoing network improvements. These initiatives have continued to provide an improved customer experience as evidenced by our strong improvement in branded postpaid phone churn. The increase in customer development was attributable to increased new customer activations and improved branded postpaid phone churn driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions for services and devices. Our operating income increased significantly, driven by the growth of branded postpaid and prepaid revenues resulting from strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and the ongoing success of our promotional activities. Additionally, adjusted EBITDA was positively impacted by focused cost control and synergies realized from the MetroPCS business combination, especially in cost of services. The introduction of Jump! On Demand allows customers to lease a new wireless device and upgrade it for a new one up to three times in 12 months for no extra fee, which reflects our capability to innovate and adapt to consumer demands. Our cash capital expenditures for property and equipment were primarily driven by the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, including the build-out of LTE 700 MHz A-block spectrum licenses. We expect cash capital expenditures for property and equipment to be in the range of $4.5 billion to $4.8 billion in 2016. The financial condition of the parent, issuer, and guarantor subsidiaries is substantially similar to the company's consolidated financial condition. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We regularly review and update projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. The comparability of results in this form 10-K to the year ended 2013 is affected by the inclusion of MetroPCS results after the completion of the business combination. Our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are essential for enhancing our operational flexibility and ensuring that we can respond effectively to market dynamics and competitive actions. The ongoing investment in our technology infrastructure and the strategic management of our resources are critical to achieving our organizational goals and maintaining our competitive advantage in the telecommunications industry.