We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio. This ability to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. The combined effect of these attributes is that we have consistently grown free cash flow and gained market share in analog and embedded processing. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. Our focus on analog and embedded processing semiconductors serves highly diverse markets with thousands of applications, which we believe have dependable long-term growth opportunities. Our operating profit increased due to higher revenue and associated gross profit and, to a lesser extent, lower manufacturing costs. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. In 2015, we had sales of short-term investments, net of purchases, that provided cash of $125 million. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. We monitor collectability of accounts receivable primarily through review of the accounts receivable aging. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. We recognize revenue from sales of our products when title and risk of loss pass, which usually occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer or distributor, depending upon the terms of the sales order. We continually monitor the actual claimed allowances against our estimates, and we adjust our estimates as appropriate to reflect trends in distributor revenue and inventory levels. The attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. Because of the breadth of our portfolio, we are not dependent on any single product, and because of the breadth of our markets, we are not dependent on any single application or customer. Our global sales force is larger than those of our competitors, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts tens of millions of visits to our website each year where customers often begin their initial product searches and design-in journey. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to investors, as well as insight into our financial performance. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. The efficiency of our manufacturing strategy reflects the quality of our product portfolio. We believe we can reasonably and reliably estimate allowances for credits to distributors in a timely manner. The increase in the total tax provision was due to higher income before income taxes and, to a lesser extent, a lower benefit from non-U.S. effective tax rates. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions.