We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. The increase in operating expense in 2018 compared to 2017 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, which included costs related to technology integration and the implementation of new accounting and financial reporting systems. The increase in operating expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was also due to increases in technology expenses and expenditures related to upgrading computer systems. We believe that using non-GAAP measures allows readers of our financial statements to measure, analyze, and compare the growth from our brokerage and risk management segments in a meaningful and consistent manner. Our risk management segment operations provide contract claim settlement, claim administration, loss control services, and risk management consulting for commercial, not-for-profit, captive, and public entities. We also provide risk management consulting services that are recognized as the services are delivered. The primary source of revenues for our brokerage services is commissions from underwriting enterprises, based on a percentage of premiums paid by our clients, or fees received from clients based on an agreed level of service usually in lieu of commissions. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. The increase in compensation expense in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. The increase in employee headcount in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily relates to the addition of employees associated with the acquisitions that we completed in 2018 and new production hires. The increase in severance-related costs is due to the elimination or restructuring of approximately 325 positions that took place during 2018. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $128.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on office moves and expansions and updating computer systems and equipment. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to improved cash flow generated from our core brokerage and risk management operating units. We anticipate positive net cash flow related to IRC section 45 activity in 2019. Our consolidated effective tax rate was lower than the statutory rate primarily due to the amount of IRC section 45 tax credits recognized during the year. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The increase in operating expense in 2018 compared to 2017 was also due to increased expenses associated with the acquisitions completed in 2018. We are required to recognize an accrued benefit plan liability for our underfunded defined benefit pension and unfunded retiree medical plans. The underlying assumptions we use in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account our recent performance. We evaluate all significant available positive and negative evidence as part of our analysis. The impact of hard and soft market fluctuations has historically had a greater impact on changes in premium rates, and therefore on our revenues, than inflationary pressures.