The products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. Revenues and net income are significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our retail and institutional clients as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors." Management uses certain non-GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. Throughout our management's discussion and analysis, these non-GAAP measures are referred to as adjusted operating measures. These non-GAAP measures should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP measures. Management believes that adjusted operating measures, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitate a more meaningful trend analysis. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements. If actual experience is better than or equal to the results of the estimation process, then reserves should be adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses. If actual experience is worse than the results of the estimation process, additional reserves may be required. The methodology and factors considered to determine impairments is discussed further in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Our annual review process includes an analysis of our key reserve assumptions, including, at this time, those for morbidity, terminations (mortality and lapses), premium rate increases, and investment yields. We utilize three primary levers to manage our long-term care (LTC) business. First, we have taken an active approach of steadily increasing rates since 2005. Second, we have a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks. Lastly, we have prudently managed our investment portfolio by maintaining a liquid, investment-grade portfolio that is currently in a net unrealized gain position. The ability to analyze differences in experience, such as presence of a living benefit rider, existence of surrender charges, and tax qualifications provide us an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. We have extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior. A significant volume of company-specific policyholder experience data is available and provides management with the ability to regularly analyze policyholder behavior. The ability to pursue and complete strategic transactions and initiatives, including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, joint ventures, and the development of new products and services, is critical. The impacts of the company's efforts to improve distribution economics and to grow third-party distribution of its products are also significant. Our technology infrastructure supports our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, enabling us to respond to market dynamics and competitive actions effectively. The management of our technology resources and investments is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and enhancing our operational flexibility.