The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, and tenants in various industries. We also hold telecommunications infrastructure, fiber, and property interests that we lease primarily to communications service providers. Our property operations accounted for 98% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018, which includes our U.S. property segment, Asia property segment, EMEA property segment, and Latin America property segment. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. Most of our tenant leases have provisions that periodically increase the rent due under the lease, typically based on an annual fixed escalation or an inflationary index in our international markets. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. The growth of wireless services and the penetration of advanced wireless devices influence the demand for our sites. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, resulting in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We have master lease agreements with certain tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. We expect to generate nearly $35 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods. Our tenant lease rates vary considerably depending upon numerous factors, including the amount, type, and position of tenant equipment on the tower, remaining tower capacity, and tower location. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational efficiency and overall business strategy. We utilize our cash flows to fund our operations and investments in our business, including tower maintenance and improvements, communications site construction, and managed network installations. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness.