We are a global services company with three reportable operating segments: global consumer services group (gcsg), global commercial services (gcs), and global merchant and network services (gmns). Our results for 2018 reflect strong performance and our focus on, and investment in, our four strategic imperatives - expand our leadership in the premium consumer space, build on our strong position in commercial payments, strengthen our global, integrated network and make American Express an essential part of our customers' digital lives. We continued to invest in new services and card member benefits, new card acquisitions, and expanding our merchant network. Our worldwide billed business increased 9 percent over the prior year, reflecting strong proprietary billings growth both in the U.S. and internationally, and across customer segments. The growth in average card member loans was primarily driven by expanding relationships with existing customers, as well as the inclusion of the acquired Hilton portfolio. Spending on customer engagement increased year-over-year across all categories, reflecting the growth in billings and continued higher levels of investment across many of our premium travel services. We plan to continue making investments in our business to generate and sustain a strong level of revenue growth, which we believe is the foundation for steady and consistent double-digit EPS growth. While we continue to see some headwinds from an uncertain economic environment, regulation in countries around the world, and intense competition, we remain focused on delivering differentiated value to our merchants, card members, and business partners. GMNS operates a global payments network that processes and settles card transactions, acquires merchants, and provides multi-channel marketing programs and capabilities, services, and data analytics, leveraging our global integrated network. The increase in non-interest revenues was primarily driven by discount revenue, which reflected growth in billed business, partially offset by a decline in the average discount rate and a modification of one of our GNS arrangements. Marketing and business development expenses increased in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily driven by higher spending on growth initiatives and continued investments in partnerships. Our technology expenses increased, reflecting higher spending on growth initiatives, including new card acquisition, our global brand campaign, continued investments in our cobrand partnerships, and higher corporate client incentives. Our risk management governance utilizes a comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management (ERM) program to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. The implementation and execution of the ERM program is headed by our chief risk officer, with oversight provided by our board of directors through various committees. The operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. Our information security program and operating model are designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. Our enterprise data governance framework and policy define governance requirements for data used in critical processes. The risk committee reviews our risk profile against the tolerances specified in the risk appetite framework, including significant risk exposures, risk trends in our portfolios, and major risk concentrations.