We are focused on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressure on airfares and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. Factors that could result in lower margins include changes to the program accounting quantity, production costs and rates, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, and achieving anticipated cost reductions. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements, where the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. Our investment in contracts positions us for additional market opportunities for both trainer and light attack aircraft. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers, where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due. The competitive environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. We continue to monitor the potential for any disruption and adverse revenue and/or cost impacts that may result from geopolitical economic developments. The ability to access global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. Our strategy includes leveraging technology capabilities and information management to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs, ensuring that we remain a competitive force in the market.