Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda, and rentalcars.com and the international businesses of kayak and opentable. We believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to increase the number and the variety of accommodations we offer our travelers, increase and improve content, build distribution, and improve the consumer experience on our online platforms. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services, in particular booking.com, will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. As part of our strategy to provide more payment options to our customers and travel service providers, booking.com is increasingly processing transactions on a merchant basis, where it receives payments on behalf of customers. This allows booking.com to process transactions for travel service providers and to increase its ability to offer secure and flexible transaction terms to consumers. We compete globally with both online and traditional providers of travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, constantly evolving, and subject to rapid change, and current and new competitors can launch new services at relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors, such as google, apple, alibaba, tencent, amazon, and facebook, have significantly more customers or users, consumer data, and financial and other resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance marketing returns on investment, a trend we expect to continue, though the rate of decrease may fluctuate and there may be periods of stable or increasing rois from time to time. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide, and, over time, to offer other travel and travel-related services. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We have experienced pressure on operating margins as we prioritize initiatives that drive growth. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services, outsourced data center costs, and payments to outside consultants. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, due primarily to increased software fees and data center and cloud costs. We recognize the substantial majority of our performance marketing expenses as they are incurred, which is typically in the quarter in which the associated reservations are booked. In contrast, we generally do not recognize revenue from these reservations until the travel begins or, for periods beginning prior to January 1, 2018, until the travel is completed, which can be in a quarter other than when the reservations are booked. As we increase our alternative accommodation business, these different characteristics could negatively impact our profit margins; and, to the extent these properties represent an increasing percentage of the properties added to our platforms, we expect that our gross bookings growth rate and property growth rate will continue to diverge over time. We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit our customers and partners, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates.