BlackRock provides a broad range of investment and technology services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. The company leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the company to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. The company believes that it will be able to continue to grow AUM organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. The company offers investment management technology systems, risk management services, wealth management, and digital distribution tools on a fee basis. Fees earned for technology services are recorded as services are performed over time and are generally determined using the value of positions on the Aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments, and as client preferences evolve, the company focuses on creating outcome-oriented client solutions. Digital wealth tools are an important component of BlackRock's retail strategy, as the company scales and customizes model portfolios, extends Aladdin wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management, powered by Aladdin. BlackRock's institutional results will be driven by enhancing its solutions-oriented approach; deepening client relationships through product diversification and higher value-add capabilities, including illiquid alternatives; and leveraging Aladdin's analytical and risk management expertise. The company believes that the introduction, withdrawal, success, and timing of business initiatives and strategies, along with the impact of increased competition and technological changes, will influence its operational capabilities and market positioning. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. The company’s IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.