The following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of Boston Scientific Corporation and its subsidiaries. Our endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal (GI) and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. Our net sales of endoscopy products of $1.762 billion represented approximately 18 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2018. Our endoscopy net sales increased $143 million, or 8.8 percent, in 2018, as compared to 2017. This increase included operational net sales growth of 8.3 percent and the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our cardiac rhythm management (CRM) business develops and manufactures a variety of implantable devices that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities. Our net sales of CRM products of $1.951 billion represented approximately 20 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2018. Our net sales of CRM products increased $56 million, or 2.9 percent, in 2018, as compared to 2017. This year-over-year increase was driven by the global strength of our implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) and our implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (CRT-D) products. Our electrophysiology business develops and manufactures less-invasive medical technologies used in the diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart. Our net sales of electrophysiology products of $311 million represented approximately three percent of our consolidated net sales in 2018. This year-over-year increase was primarily driven by global expansion of our Rhythmia mapping system products and capital equipment offerings. Our neuromodulation business develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. Our net sales of neuromodulation products of $779 million represented eight percent of our consolidated net sales in 2018. This increase included operational net sales growth of 22.5 percent and the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. As part of our strategic imperatives to drive global expansion, we are seeking to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in emerging markets. We define emerging markets as including 20 countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors, and our global capabilities. We have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries in order to maximize opportunities. Our emerging markets net sales represented 11 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2018 and grew 18.0 percent on a reported basis. We remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. In 2018, our R&D expenses increased $116 million, or 12 percent, as compared to 2017, and were 30 basis points higher as a percentage of net sales. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1A. Risk Factors of this annual report, some of which are outside our control. Macroeconomic conditions, adverse litigation outcomes, and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. We believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets, and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, and service and repay our existing debt. We designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.