We enable our customers to design electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of electronic systems, ICs, electronic devices, and increasingly sophisticated manufactured products. Our products and services do this by optimizing performance, minimizing power consumption, shortening the time to bring our customers' products to market, and reducing their design, development, and manufacturing costs. We combine our products and technologies into categories related to major design activities. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. Continued investment in research and development activities is focused on creating and enhancing our products. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. Revenue recognized over time includes revenue from our software arrangements, services, royalties from certain IP arrangements, maintenance on IP licenses and hardware, and operating leases of hardware. Costs associated with our emulation and prototyping hardware products include components, assembly, testing, applicable reserves, and overhead. These costs make our cost of emulation and prototyping hardware products higher, as a percentage of revenue, than our cost of software and IP products. Cost of services primarily includes employee salary, benefits, and other employee-related costs to perform work on revenue-generating projects, costs to maintain the infrastructure necessary to manage a services organization, and provisions for contract losses, if any. We must invest significantly in product research and development to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology. The demand for new IC manufacturing technology directly impacts the demand for our newest products, and we must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that tend to cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, foreign exchange rate movements, stock-based compensation, and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by operating results. We recognize lower expenses in periods when the United States dollar strengthens in value against other currencies and we recognize higher expenses when the United States dollar weakens against other currencies. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2018, as compared to fiscal 2017, was primarily due to the improved results from operations and timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future, the cash flows that specific assets acquired with that business are expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. We also make significant judgments and estimates when we assign useful lives to the definite-lived intangible assets identified as part of our acquisitions.