We are the second largest cable operator in the United States and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet, and voice services to approximately 28.1 million residential and small and medium business customers. In addition, we sell video and online advertising inventory to local, regional, and national advertising customers and fiber-delivered communications and managed IT solutions to large enterprise customers. We have completed the conversion of the remaining legacy TWC and legacy Bright House analog service areas to an all-digital platform enabling us to deliver more HD channels and higher internet speeds. We expect our growing levels of productivity will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes, and improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of video, internet, and wireline and mobile voice packaged services. With the completion of our all-digital conversion, roll-out of DOCSIS 3.1 technology across our footprint, and the integration of legacy TWC and legacy Bright House mostly complete, we expect a meaningful reduction in capital expenditures in dollars and as a percent of revenue. We believe Spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We cannot be certain that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates. The cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. We capitalize direct labor and overhead associated with network construction or upgrades, initial placement of the customer drop to the dwelling, and the initial placement of outlets within a dwelling along with the costs associated with the initial deployment of customer premise equipment necessary to provide video, internet, or voice services. We evaluate the recoverability of our property, plant, and equipment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Such events or changes in circumstances could include changes in technological advances or adverse changes in market conditions. We perform an impairment assessment of franchise assets annually or more frequently as warranted by events or changes in circumstances. Our assessment included consideration of a fair value appraisal performed for tax purposes along with a multitude of factors that affect the fair value of our franchise assets. We expect capital expenditures, excluding capital expenditures related to mobile, to be approximately $7 billion in 2019, versus $8.9 billion in 2018. Our expectation for lower capital expenditures in 2019 versus 2018 is primarily driven by our expectation for lower customer premise equipment spend with the completion of our all-digital conversion, lower scalable infrastructure spend with the completion of the roll-out of DOCSIS 3.1 technology across our footprint, and lower support capital spend with the substantial completion of the integration of legacy TWC and legacy Bright House. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends.