The company is tightly focused on initiatives to drive and fund growth, seeking to capture significant opportunities for growth by identifying and meeting consumer needs within its core categories, through its focus on innovation and the deployment of valuable consumer and shopper insights in the development of successful new products regionally, which can then be rolled out on a global basis. The company has enhanced its digital marketing capabilities and intends to broaden its e-commerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. The investments needed to support growth are developed through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. The company's funding-the-growth initiatives seek to become even more effective and efficient throughout its businesses, designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics, and advertising and promotional materials, among other things. The global growth and efficiency program's initiatives are focused on optimizing global supply chain and facilities savings, which are projected to increase future cash flows, and simplifying and standardizing how work gets done by increasing technology-enabled collaboration and taking advantage of global data and analytic capabilities, leading to smarter and faster decisions. The company continues to prioritize its investments toward its higher margin businesses, specifically oral care, personal care, and pet nutrition. The company's commitment to these priorities, together with the strength of its global brands, broad international presence in both developed and emerging markets, and cost-saving initiatives, positions the company well to increase shareholder value over the long term. The company expects that the global growth and efficiency program will have contributed a net reduction of approximately 4,000 to 4,400 positions from the company's global employee workforce. The company has also been negatively affected by changes in the policies or practices of its retail trade customers in key markets, such as inventory de-stocking, limitations on access to shelf space or delisting of the company's products. The rapid growth of e-commerce retailers and changing consumer preferences may create pricing pressures and adversely affect the company's relationships with its key retailers. The company believes it is well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to its strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments, and continued focus on the company's key priorities: growing sales through engaging with consumers, developing world-class innovation, and working with retail partners. The initiatives under the global growth and efficiency program are expected to help the company ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales, operating profit, and earnings per share, enhancing its global leadership positions in its core businesses, producing significant benefits in the company's long-term business performance. The company uses market share information as a key indicator to monitor business health and performance, and management focuses on a variety of key indicators to monitor business health and performance, including market share, net sales, organic sales growth, and measures used to optimize the management of working capital, capital expenditures, cash flow, and return on capital.