The results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information products and services to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. In particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes our high-speed internet services more valuable to consumers. The increasing number of entertainment choices available has intensified audience fragmentation, which has and likely will continue to adversely affect the audience ratings of our cable networks and broadcast television programming. We continue to invest in network capacity and in customer premise equipment, primarily for our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. We believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. We have expanded our enterprise service offerings to include a software-defined networking product for our medium-sized and enterprise customers. Our cable communications segment operating margin is adjusted ebitda as a percentage of revenue. We will continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, particularly residential high-speed internet and business services, and on overall operating cost management. The increase in programming expenses in our cable communications segment reflects the fees we incur to provide content to our video customers, which are affected by the programming license fees charged by cable networks, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of video customers we serve and the amount of content we provide. Our cable communications segment also generates revenue from selling through our allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that is received as part of distribution agreements with these networks to local, regional and national advertisers. We provide technology, tools, data-driven services and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry, which allow advertisers to more effectively engage with their target audiences. We expect that the contribution to our growth rate from medium-sized and enterprise customers will increase relative to that of our small-business customers as small business service matures. We believe the increases in the number of business customers are primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing. Our cable communications segment offers a variety of products and services to businesses, including high-speed internet services, voice and video services, and ethernet network services to medium-sized customers and larger enterprises. We expect our capital expenditures for 2019 will be focused on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment, increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential, and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology, sky q and international ott platforms.