We continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and equipping select restaurants with an upgraded second make line dedicated to fulfilling out-of-restaurant orders. General and administrative expenses increased in dollar terms in 2018, primarily due to general and administrative growth to support our restaurant growth and digitizing our restaurant experience. The increase in comparable restaurant sales was attributable to an increase in average check, including a benefit from menu price increases, partially offset by fewer comparable restaurant transactions. We expect the majority of our capital expenditures to consist of investments in existing restaurants, including remodeling and similar improvements, and upgrading our second make lines and other restaurant equipment. For new restaurants to be opened in 2019, we anticipate average development costs will increase due to strategic initiatives planned in new restaurants such as a pickup lane and an upgraded second make line. Our total capital expenditures for 2018 were $287.4 million, and in 2019, we expect to incur about $300 million in total capital expenditures. We expect to invest in, maintain and refurbish our existing restaurants, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock subject to market conditions, and for general corporate purposes. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables. Our operations are closely tied to our ability to manage information technology resources effectively, which is essential for enhancing our business strategies and work processes. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational efficiency and effectiveness. Our IT capabilities support our business needs and have become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to enhance our organizational goals. Our IT governance and management skills are vital for ensuring that our technology resources align with our strategic objectives and facilitate effective decision-making. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for improving performance outcomes and achieving operational flexibility. We are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands, ensuring that we remain competitive in the evolving business environment.