We invest in and utilize our internal research and development capabilities, along with strategic acquisitions and partnerships, to meet our objectives. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. We anticipate power generation markets will remain strong, with increased demand in global data center markets. We are experiencing cost increases as a result of trade tariffs recently imposed by the U.S. and some of its trading partners, especially China. Prolonged trade disputes could negatively impact demand and trigger additional costs. Uncertainty in the U.K. surrounding its ability to negotiate favorable terms in its withdrawal from the European Union could have material negative impacts on our European operations in the near and long-term. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems and electrified power segments. This reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. Research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas powered engines and development activities around fully electric and hybrid powertrain solutions. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, improved mix and favorable pricing, partially offset by increased warranty costs and higher compensation costs driven by headcount growth to support increased sales. The increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at Tata Cummins Ltd. and Cummins Westport, Inc. The electrified power segment focuses on research and development activities around fully electric and hybrid powertrain solutions. Our intellectual property is developed both in-house as well as through acquisitions. We invested $69 million in research and development activities, which along with the gross margins generated by our acquisitions and selling, general and administrative expenses resulted in a segment EBITDA loss. We continue to generate cash from operations in the U.S. and maintain access to our revolving credit facility. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations and debt service obligations. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans.