Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We continue to believe that we will be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gains. Our effective income tax rate, excluding the impact of discrete tax items, reflects changes in our financial condition and credit performance. We expect further increases in average deposit interest rates as product mix shifts continue, with increasing competition for deposits putting upward pressure on deposit rates. The provision for credit losses decreased due to allowance releases in our domestic credit card and auto loan portfolios largely driven by improvements in credit trends. Our allowance for loan and lease losses represents management's best estimate of incurred loan and lease credit losses inherent to our held-for-investment portfolio. We maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses that represents management's estimate of incurred loan and lease losses inherent in our credit card, consumer banking, and commercial banking loans held for investment. The allowance coverage ratio remained substantially flat as allowance releases in our domestic credit card and auto loan portfolios were offset by lower loan balances largely due to the sale of our consumer home loan portfolio. We recognize that operational risk is critical to managing our business objectives and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and customers. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks. We also evaluate the adequacy of the uncollectible finance charge and fee reserve on a quarterly basis, with our methodology for estimating the uncollectible portion of billed finance charges and fees consistent with the methodology we use to estimate the allowance for incurred losses on the principal portion of our credit card loan receivables. We have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences. Our risk framework is supported with the right culture that promotes the foundation and values of the risk management organization, with skills necessary to effectively manage risk reinforced through performance management systems. We continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions and appropriate action plans in accordance with our contingency funding plan. Our liquidity risk management policies and standards are established for governance and monitoring of liquidity risk at a corporate level. The chief risk officer, in conjunction with the chief market and liquidity risk officer, is responsible for the establishment of liquidity risk management policies and standards. We employ several techniques to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risk, including altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities and mitigating the foreign exchange exposure of certain non-dollar-denominated equity or transactions. We recognize that interest rate risk is our most significant source of market risk exposure and manage our exposure through various industry-standard market risk measurement techniques and analysis.