Distribution, selling, and administrative expenses increased 15.6% from the prior fiscal year as the pharmaceutical distribution services' segment expenses increased by 19.4% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the January 2018 consolidation of Profarma, the January 2018 acquisition of H.D. Smith, and the duplicate costs resulting from the implementation of new information technology systems. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 and 2017 included technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our information technology systems and costs associated with expanding distribution capacity. The increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by the timing of scheduled payments to suppliers. We have been in active communication with the FDA and the consumer protection branch of the civil division of the DOJ regarding our ongoing compliance efforts at Pharmedium, and representatives of the company and Pharmedium have had an initial meeting with the DOJ and the FDA to discuss potential resolution of ongoing matters and whether a consent decree is necessary. We expect that the federal corporate tax rate reduction as a result of the 2017 tax act will continue to favorably impact our effective tax rate compared to prior periods through fiscal 2019. The pharmaceutical distribution services segment grew its revenue by 4.1% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to growth in some of its largest customers, overall market growth within the retail customer segment, and strong growth in sales of oncology products, offset in part by a decline in sales of products that treat hepatitis C. The increase in accounts receivable was the result of our revenue growth and a gradual change in payment terms with our largest customer that occurred between May 2016 and February 2017 as part of a contract amendment that, among other things, extended the term of our relationship with the customer. We recorded a goodwill impairment of $59.7 million in our Profarma reporting unit in connection with our fiscal 2018 annual impairment test. We have a $1.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of lenders, which was scheduled to expire in November 2021. The October 2018 term loan bears interest at a rate equal to a base rate or LIBOR, plus a margin of 65 basis points. We utilize an income-based approach to value our reporting units, with the exception of the Profarma reporting unit, the fair value of which is based upon its publicly-traded stock price, plus an estimated control premium. We have been in active communication with the FDA and the consumer protection branch of the civil division of the DOJ regarding our ongoing compliance efforts at Pharmedium. Our effective tax rates were (37.2)% and 60.3% in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Our total income tax benefit in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 reflects $612.6 million of tax benefits recognized and a reduction in the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%. We expect that our revenue growth percentage will be in the mid-single digits in fiscal 2019. We have an uncommitted, unsecured line of credit available to us pursuant to a revolving credit note. We anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors.