We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. The increase in yard operations expenses resulted primarily from depreciating new and expanded facilities and certain technology assets placed into service in the U.S. and international locations. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. We capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. We have certain contracts inherited through our U.K. acquisitions that require us to act as a principal, purchasing vehicles from the insurance companies and reselling them for our own account. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2018 came from an increase in volume and an increase in revenue per car due to higher average auction selling prices, which we believe is due to a change in the mix of vehicles sold, and higher commodity prices. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain with the intention of providing national coverage for our sellers. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price. We also provide a number of services to the buyer of the vehicle, charging a separate fee for each service. We recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquired entities in accordance with ASC 805, business combinations. The allocation of the purchase consideration for acquisitions can require extensive use of accounting estimates and judgments to allocate the purchase consideration to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. We evaluate the impairment of goodwill for our reporting units annually or on an interim basis if certain indicators are present, either through a quantitative or qualitative analysis. The increase in general and administrative expenses came primarily from an increase in the U.S. and an increase in international, primarily from the impact of payroll taxes from the exercise of employee stock options. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We have evaluated the impact the adoption will have on the consolidated financial statements, and we are finalizing the calculation of our cumulative effect adjustment. The change will result in a decrease to beginning retained earnings as of August 1, 2018, within a range of $10.0 million to $15.0 million as a result of the initial application of the standard and will not have a material impact on earnings.