We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that enables companies to improve their relationships and interactions with customers. Our core mission is to empower our customers to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies including cloud, mobile, social, Internet of Things ("IoT"), and artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies. Our customer success platform provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. We introduced our first CRM solution in 2000 and have since expanded our service offerings with new editions, features, and platform capabilities. Our strategy includes expanding into new horizontal markets, ensuring strong customer adoption, and encouraging the development of third-party applications on our cloud computing platform. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service, our ability to continue to release and gain customer acceptance of new and improved features, and successful customer adoption and utilization of our service. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, hiring additional personnel, and the integration of new and acquired technologies. We expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in complementary businesses, services, and technologies to expand our service offerings. We drive innovation organically and through acquisitions, such as our acquisition of MuleSoft, which provides our customers the ability to integrate data across platforms. The financial results of MuleSoft are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. We have also acquired Datorama, which provides a platform for enterprises to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources. Our research and development expenses focus on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, and enhancing the functionality and security of our enterprise cloud computing services. We expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in technology to support the development of new and improved technologies. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers and to support our growth. We expect marketing and sales expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to hire additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. We maintain a balanced portfolio of products and customers, and our subscription and support revenues are driven primarily by the number of paying subscribers and the price of our service and renewals. Our remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent. Our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues is influenced by our customers' willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services and the emergence of additional competitors in our market. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures.