The company strives for continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. Investment in training and technology also is designed to allow the company's employees to have an additional layer of protection that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents. The operational plan remains focused on delivering further service gains, improving transit times, and driving asset utilization while controlling costs. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company expects to continue incurring capital costs in connection with the implementation of positive train control (PTC). CSX estimates that the total multi-year cost of PTC implementation will be approximately $2.4 billion, which includes costs for installing the new system along tracks, upgrading locomotives, adding communication equipment, and developing new technologies. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company's liquidity is considered a measure of its ability to meet its short-term needs, and it has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. The company has access to a $1 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks. The company utilizes cash generated from operations for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital requirements, repayment of indebtedness, repurchases of common stock, capital investments, improvements in productivity, and other cost reduction initiatives. The company continues to invest in its business to create long-term value for shareholders. The company’s balance sheet reflects its strong capital base and the impact of its balanced approach in deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend payments, and share repurchases. The company is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint, ending the year with $1.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. The increase in cash and short-term investments was primarily a result of net cash from operations of $4.6 billion and the issuance of $3.0 billion in long-term debt. The company’s working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances. The company remains focused on enhancing the overall safety of its employees, customers, and communities in which it operates. The company’s credit ratings remained stable during the year, reflecting an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. The ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital, and the sensitivity of its cash flows to changes in the economy. The company’s success in implementing its strategic, financial, and operational initiatives is critical to its future performance and operations.