We continue to invest in business growth and technology, including the deployment of advanced analytics and automation. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven by additional headcount for business growth and technological capabilities, as well as higher average salaries. Information processing and communications increased as the result of higher investments in infrastructure and analytic capabilities. Our marketing strategy remains focused on expanding wallet share with existing customers and adding new accounts to achieve continued loan growth. We continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business. The changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue, and prospects for future growth. We continue to closely monitor competitor pricing and technology development strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including supervisory priorities and actions, our actions, those of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. We expect to continue to invest in business growth and technology, including the deployment of advanced analytics and automation. The increase in other expense was largely driven by an increase in incentives supporting global merchant acceptance. We also operate the discover network, the pulse network, and diners club international. Our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants, and issuers. We expect total expenses to increase in 2019 as we continue to invest in business growth and technology. The provision for loan losses increased due to higher levels of net charge-offs, partially offset by a lower reserve build. The net charge-off rates on our credit card and personal loans increased as a result of seasoning of continued loan growth and supply-driven credit normalization. The increase in professional fees was driven primarily by investments in technology and infrastructure. We expect to continue to pursue new ways to drive volume growth in a competitive environment. We are subject to regulatory capital requirements that became effective January 1, 2015, under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the federal deposit insurance corporation to implement the provisions under the Basel committee's December 2010 framework. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The policy is approved by the board of directors with implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee. We seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We utilize early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. We conduct liquidity stress testing regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls.