During 2018, the company faced rapid technological development, particularly with respect to computing, automation, artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity, communications, and digitization in most of its served markets. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. The company's operations are affected by worldwide, regional, and industry-specific economic and political factors, and its geographic and industry diversity helps limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company monitors key competitors and customers to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. The company’s individual businesses are focused on expanding and improving the effectiveness of the sales force, continuing to reduce costs, and improving operational efficiency and quality. The company believes that reporting the non-GAAP financial measure of core sales growth provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in its business and facilitating comparisons of revenue performance with its performance in prior and future periods and with its peers. The company’s investments in sales growth initiatives and other business-specific factors contributed to year-over-year core sales growth. The company’s life sciences segment offers a broad range of research tools that scientists use to study the basic building blocks of life, including genes, proteins, metabolites, and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies, and test new drugs and vaccines. The diagnostics segment offers analytical instruments, reagents, consumables, software, and services that are used to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions. The company is dedicated to driving technological innovations that help improve clinical outcomes and enhance productivity. The company’s capital expenditures are made primarily for increasing capacity, replacing equipment, supporting new product development, and improving information technology systems. The company has begun to see stability in the North America end-markets for dental equipment and traditional dental consumables. The company’s investments in operating assets and new facilities across the company reflect its commitment to enhancing its operational capabilities and addressing the demands of a dynamic business environment. The company’s strategic decisions regarding acquisitions and investments are aimed at leveraging technology capabilities to enhance business performance and operational efficiency.