Duke Energy continues to leverage new technology and data analytics to drive additional efficiencies across the business in response to a transforming landscape. The company has established a digital transformation initiative that is tasked with identifying the best ways to use digital capabilities throughout its business. Modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters, storm hardening, self-healing, and targeted undergrounding, helps to ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves the system's reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for customers. In 2018, Duke Energy deployed 1.6 million smart meters, resulting in 4.3 million customers having access to this technology across its regulated footprint. The company is focused on a stable, predictable, and regulated business portfolio to deliver a reliable dividend with 4 to 6 percent EPS growth through 2023, advancing its long-term growth strategy that delivers value to customers through investments in cleaner energy, grid modernization, natural gas infrastructure, and digital transformation. Duke Energy's ability to effectively handle all facets of storm response efforts is a testament to its team's extensive preparation and coordination, applying lessons learned from previous storms and on-the-ground management throughout the restoration efforts. The company continues to transform the customer experience through its use of customer data to better inform operational priorities and performance levels, identifying the investments that are most important to the customer experience. Over time, its work with data analytics will result in customer satisfaction improvement as measured through J.D. Power and other surveys. Duke Energy is also making progress in addressing tax reform across its jurisdictions, targeting solutions that provide benefits to customers and support the long-term credit quality of its utilities. The company has a demonstrated track record of driving efficiencies and productivity into the business, including merger integration and continuous improvement efforts. The strength of its balance sheet is vital to the cost-effective financing of its growth strategy, and proactive steps have been taken to strengthen it by issuing equity. The company is adjusting its focus in key areas to ensure it is well-positioned for future success, including improving and strengthening the energy grid to provide customers with more control, convenience, and communications, and making the grid more resilient to severe weather and evolving cyber threats. Duke Energy's digital transformation initiatives are integral to its strategy, enabling the company to increase productivity and reinvest the proceeds into new growth opportunities, improved customer service, and lower bills for customers. The modernization of the electric grid and the deployment of smart technologies are critical components of Duke Energy's growth strategy, enhancing operational efficiency and customer engagement while addressing the challenges posed by environmental regulations and market dynamics.