We achieved accelerating sales and earnings growth through 2018 as we drove new product introductions, new business wins and improved operating efficiency in a generally improved market environment. Our restructuring activities are associated with plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. These restructuring plans include net costs associated with significant actions involving employee-related severance charges, contract termination costs and asset write-downs and disposals. We formally commenced a restructuring plan, accelerate 2020, to leverage technology and systems investments and organizational changes. The plan aims to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities and focus on key long-term growth areas by leveraging technology and structural improvements. We expect the expanded restructuring activities will be completed by the end of 2020, with anticipated costs of $260 million, primarily cash expenditures for severance costs and some facility closure costs relating to team reorganizations. Actual costs may vary from these estimates depending on actions taken. The restructuring actions are expected to result in approximately $325 million of annual cost savings by 2021. Our acquisitions and divestitures across 2018, 2017 and 2016 are discussed further in note 4. We continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. We continue to make capital investments in the business, including merchandising and customer equipment and manufacturing facilities. Investments in the business, including innovative digital technologies and higher delivered product costs negatively impacted margins. Our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. We remain committed to maintaining "A" range ratings metrics, supported by our current credit ratings. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results. Our non-GAAP measures for cost of sales, gross margin, interest expense and operating income exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges, and our non-GAAP measures for tax rate, net income attributable to Ecolab and diluted EPS further exclude the impact of discrete tax items. We believe it is reasonably likely that future results will be consistent with historical trends and experience. Our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. We continue to monitor the status of tax law changes and tax treaty negotiations. The effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the U.K. makes to retain access to the EU markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. We will continue to monitor the status of tax law changes and tax treaty negotiations. Our global footprint and broad business portfolio within the global energy segment, as well as our strong execution capabilities are expected to provide the required resilience to outperform in the current market. We believe our tax returns properly reflect the tax consequences of our operations, and our reserves for tax contingencies are appropriate and sufficient for the positions taken.