We manage our operations through three reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, and other. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We expect IngenioRx to provide our members with more cost-effective solutions and improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our already strong medical and specialty platform. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. We frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. Our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. We work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. Our operating revenue consists of premiums and administrative fees and other revenue. We intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions, and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. We have established a new pharmacy benefits manager, IngenioRx, and entered into a five-year agreement with CVS Health to begin offering PBM solutions, which is expected to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits. Our selling, general, and administrative expenses consist of fixed and variable costs, and other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation, and changes in productivity. Our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers is crucial for our operational efficiency and overall performance. We regularly evaluate the impact of the ACA as additional guidance is made available and any further developments or judicial rulings occur. The introduction of new technologies and the evolution of our IT capabilities are integral to our strategy for maintaining competitive advantage and enhancing operational flexibility. Our IT capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, which is essential for supporting our business strategies and work processes.