The company continues to generate substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions and manage its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. Management believes that the financial statements for the three years ended September 30, 2018, have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. The company's disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. Management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions and sustain long-term growth. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and the criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013). The company recognizes a large majority of its revenue through the sale of manufactured products and records the sale when products are shipped or delivered, title and risk of loss pass to the customer, and collection is reasonably assured. The company is in the process of finalizing changes to its business processes, systems, controls and accounting policies to support recognition and disclosure under the new guidance. The company expects the revised standard to have a material impact on its balance sheet due to the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to operating leases. The company routinely repatriates a portion of its non-U.S. cash from earnings each year, or otherwise when it can be accomplished tax efficiently, and provides for foreign withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. income taxes as appropriate. The company is currently evaluating the impact of the proposed regulations and anticipates finalizing its provisional estimates after fully evaluating the final regulations. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity or backup credit lines. The company has also acquired businesses that enhance its technology capabilities, including smart pneumatics technologies and software solutions for the oil and gas industry, which support its automation solutions segment. The company believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding certain items is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors. The company's strong performance in fiscal 2018 provides momentum heading into 2019, with demand expected to continue in both mature and emerging markets and across industries. The company expects growth in automation solutions to be driven by MRO activity, as well as brownfield capital investments in existing assets to expand capacity or to improve the efficiency, safety and uptime of those facilities. The company has been successful in leveraging its IT capabilities to enhance its operational efficiency and support its strategic objectives, which include pursuing innovation partnerships and enhancing its technology portfolio to respond to market dynamics and competitive pressures.