Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. The acquisitions of Infomart Dallas and Metronode expanded our total global footprint to 200 IBX data centers across 52 markets around the world. Our data centers in 52 markets around the world are a global platform, which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. This global platform and the quality of our IBX data centers have enabled us to establish a critical mass of customers. As more customers choose our IBX data centers, it benefits their suppliers and business partners to colocate with us as well, in order to gain the full economic and performance benefits of our offerings. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, continues to drive new customer growth and bookings. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Additionally, power and cooling requirements for most customers are growing on a per unit basis. As a result, customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. Although we generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from installed circuits, we have negotiated power consumption limitations with certain high power-demand customers. This increased power consumption has driven us to build out our new IBX data centers to support power and cooling needs twice that of previous IBX data centers. Strategically, we will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, including but not limited to demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis, and in-place customers. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract, which is generally one to three years in length. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. Our general and administrative expenses have included investments in improving our back office systems to support our growth, including investments to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT and compliance with new accounting standards. We expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years.