The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. In 2018, we invested 16.7% of our net sales in research and development. The technology leverages predictive analytics to alert clinicians of hypotension, or low blood pressure, before it occurs in their surgical patients. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. The increase in net sales of critical care products was driven by our hemosphere advanced monitoring platform, core hemodynamic products, and our enhanced recovery products, primarily in the United States. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2018 compared to 2017 was driven by an improved product mix, driven by THVT products. The increase in SG&A expenses in 2018 compared to 2017 was due primarily to higher sales and marketing expenses in the United States, Europe, and rest of world, mainly to support the THVT program, higher personnel-related costs, and the impact of foreign currency. The increase in R&D expenses in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including development expenses associated with the cardioband reconstruction system. We incurred intellectual property litigation expenses, including settlements and external legal costs, of $214.0 million, $39.2 million, and $32.6 million during 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months from the financial statement issuance date. We periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. We reached an agreement with Boston Scientific to settle all outstanding patent disputes for a one-time payment to Boston Scientific of $180.0 million, which was paid in January 2019. We consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. During 2018, under the board authorized repurchase programs, we repurchased a total of 5.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of $784.3 million. We have received tax incentives in certain non-U.S. tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit of which will expire in 2024. The transition tax is due in eight annual installments, and the first annual installment was paid in 2018. The gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, was $157.2 million and relates primarily to transfer pricing matters. We acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events.