We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration, and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas. Our activities are primarily directed at the horizontal development of the Wolfcamp and Spraberry formations in the Midland Basin and the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring formations in the Delaware Basin. We intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves. We believe that in the current commodity price environment we are positioned to generate significant free cash flow while continuing to grow production at industry-leading rates. We will continue monitoring the ongoing commodity price environment and expect to retain the financial flexibility to adjust our drilling and completion plans in response to market conditions. Our 2019 capital budget accounts for capital costs that we believe will cover potential increases in our service costs during the year. We expect to drill and complete 290 to 320 gross horizontal wells in 2019. Our revenues are derived from the sale of oil and natural gas production, as well as the sale of natural gas liquids that are extracted from our natural gas during processing. Our revenues may vary significantly from period to period as a result of changes in volumes of production sold, production mix, or commodity prices. The increase in operating cash flows is primarily the result of an increase in our oil and natural gas revenues due to an increase in average prices and production growth. The increase in production volumes was due to a combination of increased drilling activity and growth through acquisitions. We continue to focus on low-cost operations and best-in-class execution. To combat rising service costs, we have looked to lock in pricing for dedicated activity levels and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well costs where possible. Our investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 are summarized in the following table: additions to midstream assets, acquisition of leasehold interests, acquisition of mineral interests, and acquisition of midstream assets. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow, and other factors both within and outside our control. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities, or other means. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. We believe that our cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2019; however, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties. If there is a decline in commodity prices, our revenues, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, and reserves may be materially and adversely affected.