We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and molybdenum, as well as other factors. The key measures that management focuses on in operating our business are sales volumes, unit net cash costs, operating cash flow, and capital expenditures. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes, prices realized from copper, gold, and molybdenum sales, production costs, income taxes, other working capital changes, and other factors. We have commenced a project to develop the Lone Star oxide ores near the Safford operation in eastern Arizona, and PT Freeport Indonesia (PT-FI) has several projects in the Grasberg minerals district related to the development of its large-scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 119.6 billion pounds of copper, 30.8 million ounces of gold, and 3.78 billion pounds of molybdenum. We continue to view the long-term outlook for our business positively, supported by limitations on supplies of copper and by the requirements for copper in the world's economy. We expect our share of future cash flows of the expanded PT-FI asset base, combined with the cash proceeds received in the transaction, to be comparable to our share of anticipated future cash flows under PT-FI's former contract of work and joint venture arrangements. PT-FI continues to advance several projects related to the development of its large-scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies. The transition from the Grasberg open pit to the Grasberg block cave underground mine is expected to produce large-scale quantities of copper and gold. PT-FI's estimated annual capital spending on underground mine development projects is expected to average $0.7 billion per year over the next four years. The economics of PT-FI's share of the new smelter will be borne by PT-FI's shareholders according to their respective long-term share ownership percentages. The common infrastructure project commenced to provide access to large undeveloped underground ore bodies located in the Grasberg minerals district through a tunnel system. We expect to incorporate recent positive drilling and ongoing results in our future development plans. Our mining exploration activities are generally associated with our existing mines, focusing on opportunities to expand reserves and resources to support development of additional future production capacity. We have significant undeveloped reserves and resources in North America and a portfolio of potential long-term development projects. Future investments will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies, and are dependent on market conditions. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. Our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value.