We are a leading global provider of financial services technology. We provide account processing systems, electronic payments processing products and services, internet and mobile banking systems, and related services. Our operations are comprised of the payments and financial institution services segments. The payments segment primarily provides electronic bill payment and presentment services, internet and mobile banking software and services, and payments infrastructure services. Our businesses in this segment also provide fraud and risk management products and services. The financial segment provides financial institutions with account processing services and other products that support numerous types of financial transactions. We continue to implement strategic initiatives to enhance operational effectiveness and differentiate our products and services through innovation. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly, driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations, and enhance operating efficiency. The focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. We expect to devote significant resources to completing the first data merger and integrating first data into our operations. Our capital expenditures were approximately 6% and 5% of our total revenue in 2018 and 2017, respectively. We frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the right set of businesses to execute on our strategy. We expect to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service, or technology that helps meet client demand. We expect to divest businesses that are not in line with our market, product, or financial strategies. Our acquisitions are intended to enhance our capabilities and expand our client reach. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. The evolving regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has created a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. We believe that our technology capabilities will enable us to help financial institutions around the world transform their payments infrastructure and expand our digital leadership.