During fiscal 2018, we continued to transform our business from on-premises to recurring revenue associated with our cloud-based solutions in our applications and decision management software segments. Our continued product innovation provides growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of these solutions. We have migrated several core applications, including the decision management suite, to AWS and will migrate additional applications over the next couple of years. Our cloud bookings accounted for 35% and 24% of our total bookings during fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, directly demonstrating the willingness among our customers to engage our cloud-based solutions. The increase in facilities and infrastructure costs was primarily attributable to increased resource requirements due to expansion in our cloud infrastructure operations. The fiscal 2018 over 2017 increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to a $14.8 million increase in personnel and labor costs as a result of our continued investment in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS, as well as new products. We may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future, including acquiring technology or businesses or establishing strategic relationships. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. We derive a significant portion of revenues internationally, and a significant share of revenues from transactional or unit-based software license fees, transactional fees derived under credit scoring, data processing, data management, and SaaS subscription services arrangements. Revenues from our credit scoring, data processing, data management, and SaaS subscription services are recognized as these services are performed. We have not experienced significant variances between our estimates and actual reported volumes in the past and anticipate that we will be able to continue to make reasonable estimates in the future. Our calculations have varying degrees of certainty depending on the revenue type and individual contract terms, and they are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties concerning timing and contingencies affecting product delivery and performance. The increase in business-to-business scores was primarily attributable to a $48.1 million increase in transactional scores in originations, primarily driven by a higher unit price in mortgage activities. The increase in business-to-consumer services was primarily attributable to an increase in royalties derived from scores sold indirectly to consumers through credit reporting agencies. We continue to pursue additional partners to distribute FICO® scores with their product offerings sold directly to consumers. The majority of our software solutions are available through the FICO® Analytic Cloud, and we have launched numerous new FICO® score-based products. Our industry-leading business-to-business FICO® scores have achieved a multi-year expansion in the growing U.S. consumer market, and we are pursuing opportunities to make FICO® scores available to third parties for affinity, white-labeled programs to further penetrate and expand the markets where our scores are available. The fiscal 2018 over 2017 increase in operating income was attributable to a $100.3 million increase in segment revenues, partially offset by a $47.8 million increase in segment operating expenses. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes a business overview that provides a high-level summary of our strategies and initiatives, financial results, and bookings trends that affect our business.