The information technology segment's revenue increased due primarily to the CSRA acquisition in the second quarter of 2018. Operating margin decreased 110 basis points compared with 2017 due to intangible asset amortization expense from the CSRA acquisition. Excluding the impact of this amortization, the segment's margin would have been 9.6%, reflecting the favorable impact of CSRA's mix of higher-margin, fixed-price work. The information technology segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders, and approximately 15-20% of its portfolio is recompeted each year. The segment's total backlog was $8 billion at the end of 2018, up 120.6% from $3.6 billion at year-end 2017 due to the CSRA acquisition in the second quarter of 2018. This amount does not include $17.1 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and unexercised options on December 31, 2018. Funding from indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts added $4.2 billion to the segment's backlog in 2018, over 50% of the segment's orders. The segment's revenue was essentially flat in 2017 as delays in procurement activities across a number of programs, particularly in the federal civilian business, offset growth in the segment's intelligence business and the acquisition in late 2017 of a provider of mission-critical support services. Despite the lower revenue, operating earnings increased, and operating margin expanded 80 basis points. The margin growth was driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix across the portfolio. The long-term outlook for the U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of programs and customers, insight into customer requirements stemming from incumbency on core programs, the ability to evolve products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and a proven track record of successful contract execution. International demand for military equipment and information technologies presents opportunities for non-U.S. operations and exports from North American businesses. The information technology segment's revenue increased due primarily to the CSRA acquisition, and the segment's operating margin is expected to be around 7.5%. The CSRA acquisition has significantly influenced the growth and operational capabilities of the information technology segment, enhancing its ability to deliver higher-margin, fixed-price work and expand its backlog through a diverse array of contracts. The strategic integration of CSRA's capabilities into the existing framework is aimed at leveraging technology resources to meet evolving business needs and enhance overall organizational performance. The focus on operational efficiency and the ability to mobilize IT-based resources in conjunction with other organizational capabilities are critical for maintaining a competitive advantage in the market. The segment's performance metrics indicate a strong alignment with strategic resource allocation and investment decisions that support long-term growth and adaptability in a dynamic business environment.