Our management team has adopted a strategic plan to transform GM into the world's most valued automotive company. This plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will redefine the future of personal mobility through our zero crashes, zero emissions, zero congestion vision while also strengthening the core of our business: leading in technology and innovation, including electrification, autonomous, data connectivity; making tough, strategic decisions about which markets and products in which we will invest and compete; and building profitable adjacent businesses. We continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital, as well as our cost structure in order to maintain a low breakeven point. We expect transformation activities to drive approximately $6.0 billion of annual cash savings by the end of 2020, resulting from reductions in automotive and other cost of sales in our consolidated financial statements, as well as reduced capital expenditures. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this MD&A and item 1A. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long-term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. We have entered into a new three-year committed unsecured revolving credit facility with an initial borrowing capacity of $3.0 billion reducing to $2.0 billion in July 2020, to fund costs associated with transformation activities. We operate in the Chinese market through a number of joint ventures and maintaining strong relationships with our joint venture partners is an important part of our China growth strategy. We face continuing market, operating and regulatory challenges in a number of countries across the globe due to, among other factors, weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, heightened emissions standards, foreign exchange volatility, rising materials prices, trade policy and political uncertainty. Our management uses certain non-GAAP measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. We define return on invested capital-adjusted (ROIC-adjusted) as EBIT-adjusted for the trailing four quarters divided by ROIC-adjusted average net assets. We expect to sustain a strong EBIT-adjusted margin in 2019 on continued strength of the U.S. industry light vehicle sales, favorable vehicle mix and continued focus on overall cost savings. Our board of directors uses certain of these and other measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. We believe these non-GAAP measures are useful for our investors. We continue to gather and analyze evidence about these inflators and to share our findings with regulators. Our future uses of cash, which may vary from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, are focused on three objectives: reinvest in our business, maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet, and return available cash to shareholders. We are required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure GM Financial remains a subsidiary borrower under our corporate revolving credit facilities. We expect industry sales to remain relatively flat with a continuation of pricing pressures, a more challenging regulatory environment related to emissions, fuel consumption and new energy vehicles as well as a weaker Chinese yuan against the U.S. dollar, which will continue to put pressure on our operations in China.