We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology is ongoing. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. Our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our organization. Our growth strategy includes providing access and convenience through developing various outpatient facilities, including surgery centers and urgent care clinics. We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high quality care. We believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any consolidation in the hospital industry. We expect to finance capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds. We continue to invest in our Parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions. Our primary cash sources are cash flows from operating activities, issuances of debt and equity securities and dispositions of hospitals and other health care entities. We believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. The investments in our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries are carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. We are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. Our variable debt is comprised primarily of amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. We believe our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology will support our operational flexibility and enhance our overall performance.