During 2018, Honeywell continued to deliver on our financial commitments and to create long-term shareowner value, growing net sales and income before taxes, which was attributable to sales growth and operational improvements that increased operating margins. Our ability to consistently grow earnings derives from the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell operating system as well as a long history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. We have continued our focus on commercial excellence processes, such as velocity product development, to drive higher sales at better margins. Our refocused strategy and investments are intended to enable us to become one of the world's leading software industrial companies, leveraging our core technological and software strengths in high growth businesses that participate in attractive industrial end markets characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency and infrastructure investment. In 2018, we deployed capital focused on high return projects, including significant investments in research and development and technological excellence to deliver innovative products that customers value. We executed on our strategy to become a software-industrial company, which means products and services that facilitate the connected plane, building, and factory. Our areas of focus include driving profitable growth through technological excellence, expanding margins by optimizing the company's cost structure through manufacturing and administrative process improvements, and executing disciplined mergers and acquisitions to deliver growth. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. Our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs, supported by available cash, committed credit lines, and access to the public debt and equity markets. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis, emphasizing safety of principal while maximizing yield. Our ability to access the commercial paper market for general corporate purposes and financing acquisitions is also a critical aspect of our liquidity management. The company has not experienced limitations in accessing these sources of liquidity. We expect to spend approximately $800 million for capital expenditures in 2019 primarily for growth, production, and capacity expansion. We will continue to seek to reduce share count via share repurchases as and when attractive opportunities arise. Our strategic management practices involve identifying acquisition candidates that will further our strategic plan and strengthen our existing core businesses while considering businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan for potential divestiture or restructuring. The emphasis on operational efficiency and the effective deployment of IT resources is integral to our business transformation and capability enhancement, ensuring that we remain competitive in a rapidly evolving market environment.