Our business environment has been characterized by rising demand for speed, data, data capacity and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology. Recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased 1% in 2018 from 2017, and increased 5% in 2017 from 2016. The increases in revenues in both 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers and increases in pricing of our products. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year-to-year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations and other investments. Our technology and communication expenses increased in 2018 from 2017, primarily due to $17 million in data center migrations, hardware support upgrades and cybersecurity investments, $11 million in increased costs related to our recent acquisitions, net of divestitures, and $7 million in increased costs for external market data content acquisition and revenue share agreements related to our product offering. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 39% in 2014 to 56% in 2018. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations, greater emphasis on risk management, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. Our trading and clearing segment operating margins were 62%, 63% and 61% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The operating income increases in the last two years were driven by the revenue increases discussed above. Our data and listings segment operating margins were 42%, 41% and 37% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We expect to incur capital expenditures and to incur software development costs that are eligible for capitalization ranging in the aggregate between $290 million and $320 million in 2019, which we believe will support the enhancement of our technology, business integration and the continued growth of our businesses. We continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our trading and clearing and data and listings segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, available sources for financing activities, required and discretionary technology and clearing initiatives, regulatory requirements, the timing and introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products.