Five years ago, we set out a strategy to transform from a PC-centric to a data-centric company. Our 2018 results serve as a strong proof point that our strategy is working and our transformation is well underway. We achieved record revenue and earnings per share (EPS), driven by strong business performance, continued operating leverage, and a lower tax rate. Revenue from our data-centric businesses collectively increased by double digits. Our employees are executing to our strategy by developing compelling technology and delivering innovative products to our customers, enabling strong financial growth. We continue to invest in R&D to accelerate our growth and profitability while driving operational efficiencies to reduce our MG&A spending. CCG is dedicated to delivering client computing end-user solutions, focusing on higher growth segments of 2-in-1, thin-and-light, commercial, and gaming, as well as growing adjacencies such as Wi-Fi and modem. CCG is the human touchpoint in a data-centric world. We deploy platforms that connect people to data and analytics, allowing each person to focus, create, and connect in ways that unlock their individual potential. We face significant competition in the development and market acceptance of our products in this environment. In addition, in connection with our strategic transformation to a data-centric company, we have pursued a broader market opportunity by entering new areas and introducing adjacent products. We face new sources of competition in these market segments, including from incumbent competitors with well-established technologies and customer bases, more industry experience, significant financial resources, and greater brand recognition. Our workload-optimized, broad portfolio strategy uniquely positions us to enable the global appetite to move, store, and process data. We see significant opportunities in cloud, networking, AI, and data analytics. As we broadened our product offerings and continued to innovate, the data center market TAM expanded to over $70 billion in 2018 and is expected to grow to over $90 billion by 2022. Data is a significant force in society today, and data is generated by intelligent and connected devices and infrastructures, such as phones and automated factories. Data is transmitted through network infrastructure, processed, and analyzed to become real-time information. This real-time information enables actionable insights and is the lifeblood for the future of technology innovation in areas such as AI. Our thesis is that the massive growth of data worldwide will increase demand to process, analyze, store, and move data. We are one of the few companies that touches every part of the data revolution, and we've invested both organically and acquisitively to capitalize on these demands. Our investment choices reflect a commitment to leveraging strategic resources and capabilities to enhance our IT architecture and operational efficiency. We recognize that our IT capabilities have become essential in transforming our business processes and enhancing our competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market landscape.