The rapid expansion of cloud-based services is creating a more dynamic and highly competitive software industry. High availability and speed of service are reshaping customer expectations around the world. These shifts are accelerating product introductions and enhancements. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important as we offer more online services. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. Our total service and other revenue was $4.5 billion or 75% of our total revenue in fiscal 2018, and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. Our small business & self-employed segment product revenue is derived primarily from QuickBooks desktop software products and online services revenue increased due to customer growth in online payroll and payments. The increase in online ecosystem revenue was driven by customer acquisition, with QuickBooks online subscribers reaching 3.4 million, up 43% compared to the previous year. We have implemented additional security measures for our consumer and professional tax offerings and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to share information regarding suspicious filings. Our strategic partner segment revenue increased primarily due to a higher average revenue per customer. We are evaluating, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities. We believe that an understanding of industry trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2018 as well as our future prospects. The company has reclassified certain amounts related to our reportable segments previously reported in our financial statements to conform to the current presentation. We continue to track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth, including customer growth and retention for all of our businesses. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We have included the results of operations of acquired companies in our consolidated results of operations from the dates of acquisition, which will provide additional features to our offerings. The acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition. The timing of our annual goodwill impairment tests may result in charges to our statement of operations that could not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods. We are subject to certain legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of our business, and we review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. We must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized, and to the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance.