The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions in applying our accounting policies that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand or expansion plans. The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is determined by their requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our semiconductor customers generally operate in one or more of the three major semiconductor markets, which are characterized by rapid technological changes and sudden shifts in end-user demand. We are also subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. Our products, services, and expertise are used by our customers to measure, detect, analyze, and resolve critical product defects that arise in that environment in order to control nanometric level manufacturing processes. As our customer base becomes increasingly more concentrated, large orders from a relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, which potentially exposes us to more volatility for revenues and earnings. The demand for more advanced and lower-cost chips used in a growing number of consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions. We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications that fuel demand for process control equipment. Our earnings will depend not only on our revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. The increase in revenues during the fiscal year was primarily driven by strong demand from our foundry customers and an increase in the number of post-warranty systems installed at our customers' sites for our service revenues.