Throughout this MD&A, we provide commentary regarding organic sales growth, which describes the impact of changes in volume, product mix and net selling prices on net sales. The 2018 global restructuring program will reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying the company's manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. The program will make our overhead organization structure and manufacturing supply chain less complex and more efficient. We expect to close or sell approximately 10 manufacturing facilities and expand production capacity at several others. We expect to exit or divest some lower-margin businesses that generate approximately 1 percent of our net sales. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Cash provided by operations was $3.0 billion in 2018 compared to $2.9 billion in 2017. The increase was driven by improved working capital and lower tax payments, mostly offset by lower earnings, payments related to the 2018 global restructuring program and higher pension contributions. We expect adjusted operating profit growth of 1 to 4 percent. The effective tax rate of 26 percent in 2018 was essentially even compared to the rate in 2017. The rate in 2018 included a net charge related to U.S. tax reform related matters including finalization of provisional amounts related to the transition tax, remeasurement of deferred taxes, and our reassessment of permanently reinvested earnings, uncertain tax positions and valuation allowances. Our share of net income of equity companies was $103 in 2018 and $104 in 2017. The 2018 global restructuring program is expected to provide annual pre-tax savings of $500 to $550 million by 2021. We expect to incur incremental capital spending of approximately $600 to $700 million by the end of 2020 to implement this program. The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2020, with total costs anticipated to be $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion pre-tax. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. The 2018 global restructuring program will reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. We expect foreign currency translation effects to reduce operating profit by 2 to 3 percent and transaction effects to also negatively impact the comparison. We plan to focus on our strategies for long-term success, including growing our brands, leveraging our financial discipline and allocating capital in value-creating ways. The factors described under item 1A, "risk factors" in this form 10-K, or in our other SEC filings, among others, could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. The restructuring actions were completed by December 31, 2016. We will fund our defined benefit pension plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements and currently expect to contribute approximately $25 million to these plans in 2019. We anticipate making annual payments for these obligations of approximately $60 million through 2028. We expect capital spending to be approximately $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2019, including incremental spending associated with the 2018 global restructuring program.