Lam Research is a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry, with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our vision is to realize full value from natural technology extensions of our company, enhancing the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and competency in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Our focus on research and development, collaborative focus with ecosystem partners, and ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base create opportunities for sustainable differentiation. The increase in technology and capacity investments by our customers has driven demand for our products, which reflects a correlation between revenue levels and shipments. We have continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, etch, clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to higher employee compensation and benefits related to increased headcount, as well as increases in supplies and outside services. Our liquidity is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure, as the semiconductor industry is highly competitive and has historically experienced rapid changes in demand. Anticipated cash flows from operations, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, are expected to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, and capital expenditures. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry could impact customer demand for our products. Our deferred revenue balance reflects shipments to customers, which do not include shipments to Japanese customers until customer acceptance. The adoption of accounting standard update 2014-09 is expected to result in a net decrease to our total current liabilities balance, affecting our deferred revenue and deferred costs. We evaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, which may impact our provision for income tax expenses. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that could affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, as well as revenue and expenses. Our critical accounting estimates include the recognition and valuation of revenue from multiple-element arrangements, inventory valuation, and the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes. The overall Asia region continues to account for a majority of our revenues, as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity additions for semiconductor manufacturing occur in this region. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers reflects significant market dynamics and customer investments. We believe that demand for our products and services will increase faster than overall spending on wafer fabrication equipment, targeting to gain market share through technological advancements and strategic resource allocation.