We provide our guests new and memorable experiences through our portfolio of brands, innovative technology, personalized guest recognition, and access to travel experiences through our Marriott Bonvoy Moments program. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities, technology offerings, and guest experiences. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Following the data security incident, we began a guest outreach effort and offered certain services to help guests monitor and protect their information. We also established a multi-language dedicated website and multi-language call center to answer guests' questions about the incident. We are offering free web monitoring solutions for affected guests in certain jurisdictions where the monitoring services are available. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses and capital investments for IT and information security, incident response and customer care, and increased expenses for insurance, compliance activities, and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. We believe that our investments in technology are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and enhancing operational efficiency. Our focus on systems, processing, and support areas allows us to control costs effectively while improving service delivery. The combination of information varied by guest, and based on our analysis, we believe that the information accessed by an unauthorized third party could include several thousand unencrypted payment card numbers. We have completed the planned phase-out of the operation of the Starwood reservations database, effective as of the end of 2018. We continue to monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans and fund our liquidity needs. We expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $500 million to $700 million for 2019, including acquisitions, loan advances, equity and other investments, contract acquisition costs, and various capital expenditures, including approximately $225 million for maintenance capital spending. Our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions, new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments. We maintain insurance designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident. We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling our investments maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility.