The company believes that ownership of real estate, combined with the co-investment by franchisees, enables us to achieve restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. The company continually reviews its mix of company-operated and franchised restaurants to help optimize overall performance, with a goal to be approximately 95% franchised over the long term. The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers is key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the system, McDonald's is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company continues to evolve to a more heavily franchised business model and is currently about 93% franchised, with a long-term goal of approximately 95%. The velocity growth plan is a customer-centric strategy designed to drive sustainable guest count growth, which is vital to growing sales and shareholder value. The strategy is built on three pillars, focusing on retaining existing customers, regaining customers who visit less often, and converting casual to committed customers. The company has established sustainable platforms that enable execution of the plan with greater speed, efficiency, and impact while remaining focused on the fundamentals of running great restaurants. The company continues to build upon its investments in experience of the future, focusing on restaurant modernization and technology to transform the restaurant service experience and enhance the brand. The modernization efforts are designed to provide a better customer experience, leading to increased frequency of customer visits along with higher average check. The company is placing renewed emphasis on improving its existing service model and strengthening its relationships with customers through technology. By evolving the technology platform, the company is redefining how it provides convenience to customers by expanding choices for how customers order, pay, and are served through additional functionality on its global mobile app, self-order kiosks, and technologies that enable conveniences such as table service and curb-side pick-up. The company has made further progress in rolling out digital platforms to improve convenience for customers and provide a simpler and more personalized experience. The velocity growth plan is tailored at a market level to allow for the best customer experience and most convenience for valued customers. The company expects to continue utilizing digital initiatives to engage customers, grow awareness and adoption of digital offerings, and support menu offerings. The company recognizes that its success in advancing each of the pillars within its strategy will be demonstrated as customers continue to feel good about visiting McDonald's restaurants and eating its food. The company has demonstrated an ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively, which is due to rapid inventory turnover, the ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls, and substantial property holdings. The company is committed to working to address many challenges facing society today, while elevating global priorities that reflect the social and environmental impacts of its food and business. The company is confident that, with the velocity growth plan in place, the system will work together to focus on improving the taste of its food, enhancing convenience, offering compelling value, and upholding the trust consumers place in its brand.