We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training, and other security measures to protect our systems and data. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. The malware incident impacted a significant portion of our global sales, distribution, and financial networks, leading us to execute business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages, and restore our systems environment. We have also restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. We recognize changing consumer trends such as the increased emphasis on well-being, time compression, and wide participation across an evolving retail and digital landscape. To position ourselves for long-term growth, we are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market including e-commerce. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, and deep innovation, marketing, and distribution capabilities will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, agile product innovation, and high standards of product quality. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic, and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. We expect to continue to use commercial paper to finance various short and long-term financing needs and to continue to comply with our long-term debt covenants. We also use intercompany loans with our international subsidiaries to improve financial flexibility. Our total debt was $18.4 billion at December 31, 2018, and we expect to fund repayments with a combination of cash from operations and the issuance of commercial paper or long-term debt. We have recorded a discounted liability and related charge of $423 million or $316 million net of tax in connection with our multiemployer pension plan withdrawal, which represents our best estimate of the withdrawal liability absent an assessment from the fund. We anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount.