3M is a diversified global manufacturer, technology innovator, and marketer of a wide variety of products and services. The company manages its operations in five operating business segments and has improved the alignment of its businesses around markets and customers. 3M's business transformation initiatives include the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis, as well as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery. The company is investing in initiatives that encompass research and development aimed at disruptive innovation programs with the potential to create entirely new markets and disrupt existing markets. 3M's focus on research and development has resulted in a portion of its value being comprised of internally developed businesses that leverage common fundamental strengths and capabilities. The company is actively considering additional acquisitions, investments, and strategic alliances, and may also divest certain businesses. 3M's investments in growth initiatives and optimization of its portfolio and supply chain footprint have been significant, with incremental strategic investments impacting earnings. The company has also deployed productivity projects to minimize the impact of raw material inflation and market supply challenges, which includes input management, reformulations, and multi-sourcing activities. 3M's capital spending enables growth across diverse markets, helping to meet product demand and increasing manufacturing efficiency. The company expects to continue investing in its businesses to drive organic growth, including research and development, capital expenditures, and commercialization capability. 3M's strong balance sheet and liquidity provide significant flexibility to fund its numerous opportunities going forward. The company believes that discussion of results adjusted for significant charges and benefits provides a useful analysis of ongoing underlying operating trends. 3M's technology capabilities are reflected in its ability to effectively support business needs and transform the firm into a competitive force. The company emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. 3M's operational efficiency is enhanced through strategic resource allocation and investment in technology infrastructure. The company has avoided disruption to its manufacturing operations through careful management of existing raw material inventories and strategic relationships with key suppliers. 3M's ongoing cash flow capability and proven access to capital markets position the company to add further leverage to its capital structure. The company believes that its investments in manufacturing and sourcing capability will align its product capability with its sales in major geographic areas, thus serving its customers effectively with proprietary, automated, efficient, safe, and sustainable processes.