Altria's management believes that adjusted financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. These adjusted financial measures are used by management and regularly provided to Altria's chief operating decision maker for planning, forecasting, and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Altria's management reviews certain financial results, including diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which excludes certain income and expense items, including those items noted above. Altria's management does not view any of these special items to be part of Altria's underlying results as they may be highly variable, may be infrequent, are difficult to predict, and can distort underlying business trends and results. Altria's management also reviews income tax rates on an adjusted basis. The factors described represent continuing risks to this forecast. Altria's businesses promote their products with consumer incentives, trade promotions, and consumer engagement programs. Altria's businesses expense these consumer engagement programs, which include event marketing, as incurred and such expenses are included in marketing, administration, and research costs in Altria's consolidated statements of earnings. Altria's reportable segments are smokeable products, smokeless products, and wine. The financial services and the innovative tobacco products businesses are included in an all other category due to the continued reduction of the lease portfolio of PMCC and the relative financial contribution of Altria's innovative tobacco products businesses to Altria's consolidated results. Altria expects its 2019 full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be in a range of approximately 23.5% to 24.5%. The guidance assumes little-to-no earnings or cash contributions from the Cronos and Juul investments. Altria's management cannot estimate on a forward-looking basis the impact of certain income and expense items, including those noted, on Altria's reported diluted EPS and reported effective tax rate because these items, which could be significant, may be infrequent, are difficult to predict, and may be highly variable. Altria's management believes that adjusted financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Altria's businesses generate substantially all of their revenue from sales contracts with customers. Altria's businesses recognize revenues from sales contracts with customers upon shipment of goods when control of such products is obtained by the customer. Altria's businesses account for shipping and handling costs as fulfillment costs and such amounts are classified as part of cost of sales in Altria's consolidated statements of earnings. Altria's management believes it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze the business performance and trends of the various business segments. The consolidation was completed in the first quarter of 2018 and delivered Altria's goal of approximately $50 million in annualized cost savings as of December 31, 2018. Altria's management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable, actual performance in the short-term or long-term could be significantly different from forecasted performance, which could result in impairment charges in future periods.