We believe our retail segment operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the United States, with approximately 3,920 convenience stores, primarily under the Speedway brand, and 1,065 direct dealer locations, primarily under the Arco brand, across the United States. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; retail; and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and NGLs from some of the largest supply basins in the United States to domestic and international markets. The acquisition of Andeavor was a highly integrated marketing, logistics, and refining company operating primarily in the western and mid-continent United States, which included procuring crude oil from its source or from other third parties, transporting the crude oil to one of its 10 refineries, and producing, marketing, and distributing refined products. The acquisition substantially increases our geographic diversification and scale and strengthens each of our operating segments by diversifying our refining portfolio into attractive markets and increasing access to advantaged feedstocks, enhancing our midstream footprint in the Permian Basin, and creating a nationwide retail and marketing portfolio, all of which is expected to substantially improve efficiencies and our ability to serve customers. We expect the combination to generate up to approximately $1.4 billion in gross run-rate synergies within the first three years, significantly enhancing our long-term cash flow generation profile. Our retail fuel margin for gasoline and distillate, which is the price paid by consumers or direct dealers less the cost of refined products, including transportation, consumer excise taxes, and bankcard processing fees, impacts the retail segment profitability. Gasoline and distillate prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in supply and demand in the regions where we operate. Numerous factors impact gasoline and distillate demand throughout the year, including local competition, seasonal demand fluctuations, the available wholesale supply, the level of economic activity in our marketing areas, and weather conditions. Our retail segment income from operations increased primarily due to contributions from the retail operations acquired in the Andeavor acquisition. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. Our capital investment plan for 2019 includes approximately $2.8 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding MPLX, Andeavor, capitalized interest, and acquisitions. The refining & marketing segment's forecasted 2019 capital spending and investments is approximately $1.8 billion, which includes growth capital focused on refinery optimization, production of higher value products, increased capacity to upgrade residual fuel oil, and expanded export capacity. We also plan to continue investing in domestic light products supply placement flexibility, as well as increasing our export capacity. The midstream segment's capital investment plan includes $2.2 billion of organic growth capital and approximately $200 million of maintenance capital. This growth plan includes the addition of processing capacity at gas processing plants, expansion of MPLX's marine fleet, and other projects including the Permian long-haul crude oil, natural gas, and NGL pipelines as well as export facility projects which will further enhance our full value chain capture. Our technology management and information systems capabilities are essential for optimizing operations and enhancing business value across segments.