Our tools and services help investors better understand the drivers of risk and return and build portfolios to more effectively and efficiently achieve their investment objectives. We are dynamic and flexible in the delivery of our content and capabilities, such as our indexes; portfolio construction tools and risk-management services; ESG research and ratings; and real estate benchmarks, return analytics services, and market insights, much of which can be accessed by our clients through multiple channels and platforms. Our growth strategy includes improving access to our solutions through cutting-edge technology and platforms, which reflects our commitment to enhancing IT capabilities. Research and development expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services. The change was driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, as well as increases in non-compensation costs, including information technology costs. Our business is not highly capital intensive, and we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into excess cash in the future. We also utilize operating metrics including run rate, subscription sales, and retention rate to analyze past performance and provide insight into our latest reported portfolio of recurring business. The retention rate is important because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues over time. The ongoing efforts to better align our tax profile with our global operating footprint helped improve our operating tax rate. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require us to make certain estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. We believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. The senior notes and the revolving credit agreement are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that account for more than 5% of our and our subsidiaries' consolidated assets. The revolving credit agreement contains affirmative and restrictive covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our existing or future subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness or prepay, redeem or repurchase indebtedness. As of December 31, 2018, our consolidated leverage ratio was 3.13:1.00 and our consolidated interest coverage ratio was 6.59:1.00. We seek to maintain minimum cash balances globally of approximately $200.0 million to $250.0 million for general operating purposes. Cash flows from operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Cash provided by operating activities was $612.8 million and $404.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher cash collections, partially offset by higher payments of cash expenses and higher income tax and interest payments. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation expenses, office rent, technology costs, market data costs, interest expenses, and income taxes. The increase in asset-based fees was driven by strong growth across all types of index-linked investment products, which was driven by a 21.9% increase in average AUM. Revenues from asset-based fees increased 21.9% to $336.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to $276.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.