Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. Our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. The devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, and influence how users access services in the cloud, and in some cases, the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. We expect our revenue to fluctuate quarterly and to be higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. Our reportable segments include productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. Productivity and business processes revenue increased, driven by LinkedIn and higher revenue from Office. Intelligent cloud revenue increased, primarily due to higher revenue from server products and cloud services. More personal computing revenue increased, driven by higher revenue from gaming, Windows, search advertising, and Surface. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Our financial results reflect adoption of the new accounting standards for revenue recognition and leases, which had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The new standard related to revenue recognition had a material impact in our consolidated financial statements. We have engaged in significant investments in cloud engineering and LinkedIn expenses, which are critical for our operational capabilities and strategic resource allocation. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively supports business needs and enhances our competitive advantage in the market.