During the second quarter of 2018, we modified our internal reporting structure to better align the way financial information is reported to and analyzed by executive leadership, in part as a result of recent acquisitions contributing to the growth within the newly-aligned services and software segment. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video, and services make cities safer and help communities and businesses thrive. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have expanded our services offering to maintain, monitor, secure, and manage our customers' networks. We expect continued growth for our value-added services going forward. We have invested organically and via the acquisitions of Plant, Kodiak Networks, and Spillman to add new capabilities to our command center software offering. These investments help improve efficiency for first responders by enabling them to make use of rich data content such as pictures, video, and text messages. From shorter response times to new applications such as proactive incident management, we are providing new capabilities with command center software solutions increasingly delivered as a service. Our largest investment in 2018 was the acquisition of Avigilon and its video and analytics solutions, which are an increasingly powerful tool for first responders. Video devices, video management, video analytics software, and access control solutions for both government and commercial customers represent a large and expanding market. Our offerings provide a scalable architecture that allows for easier and faster deployments than other point solutions that are in the marketplace today. We remain committed to driving shareholder value with revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. Our framework for efficient capital deployment consists of approximately: 50% for acquisitions or share repurchases, 30% for dividends, and 20% for investments in the business through capital expenditures. We expect to continue a balanced approach in allocating capital through this framework. The increase in net sales was driven by growth excluding acquisitions in both services and software and also including the acquisitions of Plant, Kodiak Networks, and Interexport. The increase in net sales was driven by growth in both maintenance and managed service revenues, and incremental revenue from the acquisitions of Interexport and Plant. Our technology platforms in communications, video, services, and software help make cities safer and enable communities and businesses to thrive. Our services and software business supplements our LMR business. The acquisitions of Avigilon and Plant in 2018 and Kodiak Networks and Interexport in 2017 contributed significantly to our revenue growth. We have reached an agreement with the U.K. Home Office on terms for the new direction of the U.K. Emergency Services Network that we expect to sign in early 2019. The command center software solutions for the public safety workflow serve the 6,000+ emergency call centers in North America. We are ushering in a new era in public safety and security, enabling first responders, federal and local governments, as well as commercial customers, to communicate in everyday and extreme situations. Our business transformation efforts are focused on leveraging IT capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business strategies, thereby transforming our firm into a competitive force in the market.