Under the strategic direction that we have been implementing over the past two years, we have focused on maximizing the resources, people, and capital allocated to our largest growth opportunities, particularly in our market technology and information services businesses. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance, and many other functions. We have been able to create strategic relationships across broker-dealers, investment professionals, corporate clients, and other global market centers, which then provides the potential to expand those relationships with our technology and analytics capabilities. Factors affecting our business performance include changes in technology and the demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability, which are critical in the rapidly evolving market data business. The challenges created by the automation of market data consumption and regulatory changes relating to market structure are also significant. Our investments include organic initiatives to deliver our marketplace expertise to banks, brokers, and market operators outside the financial industry, as well as to provide compliance capabilities to the buy-side. The focus for both our non-trading and trading businesses continues to include identifying organic growth and developing adjacent opportunities to our existing businesses. Our strategy includes identifying acquisitions that both complement our strengths and extend our capabilities, as well as offer opportunities for revenue and expense synergies and increased shareholder value. The demand for information about, or access to, our markets is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our market data and trade management services. The outlook of our technology customers for capital market activity is influenced by technological advances and changes in investment patterns and priorities. We have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed a divestiture and a number of acquisitions in recent years, which have resulted in expenses that would not have otherwise been incurred. Our technology capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The increase in cash flows from our operations is primarily due to higher operating income driven by growth in our equity derivative trading and clearing, cash equity trading, market data, index, and listing services businesses. The increase in our market technology revenues was primarily due to an increase in delivery and support revenues and higher software as a service revenues. Our investments in technology infrastructure and digital transformation are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our strategic objectives. The evolution of market participants' trading and investment strategies and the continued rapid progression and deployment of new technology in the financial services industry are critical to our competitive positioning. The regulatory environment for capital markets and the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors extend the competitive horizon beyond national markets, necessitating a robust IT capability to adapt and respond effectively.