General and administrative expense increased in 2018, compared to 2017, primarily due to higher IT project and services costs as well as higher labor costs. We continue to focus on delivering superior operational execution to generate the financial flexibility we need to fund our best projects, make strategic partnerships focused on profitable growth, reduce debt and return cash to shareholders. Our financial position was as follows: borrowing capacity on revolving credit facility expiring May 2022 was $2,914. We believe that our liquidity and capital resources from U.S. operations are adequate to fund our U.S. operations and corporate activities. We have a disciplined cash management strategy of maintaining financial flexibility to execute our capital priorities and provide long-term value to our shareholders. We aim to self-fund development projects and make strategic partnerships focused on profitable growth, while reducing our debt and returning cash to stockholders through dividends. The company has developed a metric that expands on GAAP measures, such as cost of goods sold, and non-GAAP measures, such as costs applicable to sales per ounce, to provide visibility into the economics of our mining operations related to expenditures, operating performance, and the ability to generate cash flow from our continuing operations. We believe that all-in sustaining costs is a non-GAAP measure that provides additional information to management, investors, and analysts that aid in the understanding of the economics of our operations and performance compared to other producers and provides investors visibility by better defining the total costs associated with production. Advanced projects, research and development expense includes development project management costs, feasibility studies, and other project expenses that do not qualify for capitalization. We have significant operations and/or assets in the United States, Australia, Peru, Ghana, and Suriname. Our exploration expense increased in 2018, compared to 2017, primarily due to increased expenditures at various projects in North America and Australia as we continue to focus on developing future reserves. The company believes that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. We recorded write-downs to reduce the carrying value of stockpiles to net realizable value of $152, $134, and $144 in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, as components of cost applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization. The significant assumption in determining the stockpile net realizable value for each mine site at December 31, 2018, is a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce. We recorded write-downs to reduce the carrying value of leach pads to net realizable value of $202, $141, and $270 in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, as components of cost applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization. The ability to achieve the estimated quantities of recoverable minerals from exploration stage mineral interests involves further risks in addition to those factors applicable to mineral interests where proven and probable reserves have been identified, due to the lower level of confidence that the identified mineralized material could ultimately be mined economically. We review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable.