We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including tv series and movies. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost-efficient manner. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. As content providers develop their own streaming services, they may be unwilling to provide us with access to certain content, including popular series or movies. Our ability to stream content to our members will be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase if studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us. We are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and internet video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by Amazon Web Services. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of Amazon Web Services would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. We have built and deployed our own content-delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Streaming delivery expenses include equipment costs related to our content-delivery network, payroll and related personnel expenses and all third-party costs associated with delivering streaming content over the internet. Our technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for all technology personnel, as well as other costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our chief executive officer and co-founder, members of our executive team and other key employees. Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company's business. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes.