We achieved records for income from railway operations and railway operating ratio for the year, the result of significant revenue growth, partially offset by increased operating expenses. Progress on our strategic initiatives established in 2015 has created a sustainable platform positioning us for the continued execution of transformational changes that will provide greater long-term value for our shareholders. The increase in purchased services in 2018 was largely the result of the absence of the benefit from the 2017 tax adjustments, higher intermodal volume-related costs, additional transportation and engineering activities as well as higher technology costs. The remaining increase in purchased services expense in 2017 was a result of higher intermodal volume-related costs. Depreciation expense increased in both periods, a reflection of growth in our roadway and equipment capital base as we continue to invest in our infrastructure and rolling stock. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. The effective income tax rate was 23.1% in 2018, compared with negative 72.8% in 2017 and 35.4% in 2016. Income taxes in 2018 benefited from the effects of the enactment of tax reform in late 2017 that lowered the federal corporate income tax rate. We have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.2 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise. We consider it unlikely that interest rate fluctuations applicable to these instruments will result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. The statute of limitations on internal revenue service examinations has expired for all years prior to 2015. We largely bargain nationally in concert with other major railroads, represented by the national carriers conference committee. Our consolidated federal income tax return for 2015 is currently being audited by the IRS. We do not expect that the resolution of the examination will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Our share repurchase programs in both years resulted in diluted earnings per share growth that exceeded that of net income. The increase in purchased services in 2018 was largely the result of the absence of the benefit from the 2017 tax adjustments, higher intermodal volume-related costs, additional transportation and engineering activities as well as higher technology costs. The 2017 operating ratio was favorably impacted by 1.5 percentage points. We expect capital spending to approximate 16% to 18% of revenues. The rise in 2018 was the result of higher average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by the mix-related impacts of increased intermodal volume and decreased coal volume.