The company is structured as a real estate investment trust, requiring it annually to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income in the form of dividends to its stockholders. Our primary cash obligations are expected to be funded primarily through cash provided by operating activities, borrowing on our credit facility, and periodically through public securities offerings. We believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure, thus we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet. We expect to use our credit facility to acquire additional properties and for other general corporate purposes. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable. We invested $1.8 billion in 764 new properties and properties under development or expansion, with an initial weighted average contractual lease rate of 6.4%. The tenants occupying the new properties operate in 21 industries and the property types are 96.3% retail and 3.7% industrial, based on rental revenue. The annual rent on properties re-leased during 2018 was $46.15 million, compared to the previous rent of $44.66 million, representing a rent recapture rate of 103.3%. We capitalized costs of $17.9 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of re-leasing costs, recurring capital expenditures, and non-recurring building improvements. We define recurring capital expenditures as mandatory and repetitive landlord capital expenditure obligations that have a limited useful life. We define non-recurring capital expenditures as property improvements where we invest additional capital that extend the useful life of the properties. The increase in tenant reimbursements is primarily due to our increase in acquisitions. Our portfolio of real estate continues to perform well and provides dependable lease revenue supporting the payment of monthly dividends to our stockholders. We have continued our 50-year policy of paying monthly dividends and increased the dividend five times during 2018. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided from operating activities, and borrowing capacity is sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months. Our credit facility provides that the interest rate can range based on our ratings assigned by credit rating agencies, which can impact the interest rates charged in those transactions. The credit ratings assigned to us could change based upon our results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that our ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future. We expect that inflation will cause lease provisions to result in rent increases over time. We may continue to pursue development or expansion opportunities under similar arrangements in the future. The use of an annualized quarterly adjusted EBITDA metric is meaningful because it represents the company's current earnings run rate for the period presented. The ratio of our total debt to our annualized quarterly adjusted EBITDA is used to determine vesting of performance share awards granted to our executive officers. The increase in other revenue was primarily related to higher proceeds from property insurance claims, condemnations, and interest income from our investments. The increase in depreciation and amortization was primarily due to the acquisition of properties in 2017 and 2018. Our strategy focuses on maximizing portfolio returns through acquisitions and property management practices that enhance operational efficiency and support our long-term financial objectives.