The development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply, and we expect producers and natural gas processors to require incremental transportation services in the future as additional supply is developed. Our natural gas liquids segment invests in ngl-related projects to transport, fractionate, store and deliver to the market ngl supply from shale and other resource development areas across our asset base and alleviate expected infrastructure constraints between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers and to meet increasing petrochemical industry and ngl export demand in the gulf coast. We are responding to this growing demand by constructing assets to meet the needs of natural gas processors and producers across our operating regions, including the williston, permian, powder river and dj basins and the stack and scoop areas. Our growth strategy in our natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity. We expect our 2019 projected capital expenditures to increase relative to 2018 due to our announced capital-growth projects. We have spent approximately $2 billion of our announced $6 billion of additional capital-growth projects, including ngl pipelines, ngl fractionators and natural gas processing plants, that are designed to serve the expected growth and needs of natural gas processors and producers and the petrochemical industry. Our natural gas gathering and processing segment is investing in growth projects in ngl-rich areas, including the bakken shale and three forks formations in the williston basin and the stack and scoop areas, that we expect will enable us to meet the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers in those areas. We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering, fractionation, storage and distribution assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the williston and powder river basins, mid-continent region and permian basin with end-use markets. The earnings of oneok partners that are attributed to its units held by the public during the six months ended June 30, 2017, are reported as "net income attributable to noncontrolling interests" in our consolidated statement of income. We expect these growth projects to provide long-term fee-based earnings and incremental cash flows. Our operating cash flows can also be impacted by changes in our natural gas and ngl inventory balances, which are driven primarily by commodity prices, supply, demand and the operation of our assets. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. We assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and the issuance of equity. We believe this non-gaap financial measure is useful to investors because it and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. Our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. We expect cash outflows related to capital expenditures and dividends paid to increase due to our announced capital-growth projects and higher anticipated dividends per share, subject to board of directors' approval. We expect our sources of cash inflow to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures and quarterly cash dividends, including expected future dividend increases.