We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions, when possible. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, HR, and employee benefits services for small and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. Our payroll processing services, the foundation of our service model, include support for small-business companies through our core payroll, utilizing our proprietary, robust, software-as-a-service ("SaaS") Paychex Flex® platform. Our SaaS solution through Paychex Flex Enterprise integrates payroll processing with HR management, employee benefits administration, time and labor management, applicant tracking, and onboarding solutions. In fiscal 2018, we expanded our commitment to delivering superior technology and service solutions to our Paychex clients. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. Our HR administration services are included as part of the integrated HCM solution within Paychex Flex. We believe these investments in leading-edge technology are critical to our success. Continued investment in product development and supporting technology impacted other expense growth for both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. The increase in depreciation and amortization for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by an increase in internally developed software that was placed in service over the past two years as well as changes to the useful life of certain assets which accelerated depreciation expense recognition. Our financial results for fiscal 2018 reflect another year of steady growth. HCM services revenue continued to experience strong growth, primarily driven by increases in client bases across comprehensive HR outsourcing services, retirement services, time and attendance, and insurance services. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our technology infrastructure supports our operational efficiency and capability to respond to market dynamics and client needs effectively. We believe that our investments in technology resources are essential for enhancing our organizational capabilities and achieving competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our commitment to leveraging technology functionalities and ensuring information management capability underscores our focus on providing data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access. We believe that our IT capabilities are integral to transforming our firm into a competitive force and enhancing our overall business performance.