Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. At PSE&G, our focus is on enhancing system reliability and resiliency, meeting customer expectations, and supporting public policy objectives by investing capital in T&D infrastructure and clean energy projects. Over the past few years, our investments have altered our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by PSE&G. We expect to invest between $11 billion and $16 billion in our business over the next five years, which is expected to provide an annual rate base growth of 7%-9%. Our investments in T&D infrastructure projects, energy efficiency, and other existing BPU-approved utility programs are aimed at enhancing operational flexibility and supporting strategic resource allocation. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs to optimize cash flow generation from our fleet in light of low wholesale power and gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our commitments for load, such as basic generation service in New Jersey and other bilateral supply contracts, are backed by generation or may be combined with the use of physical commodity purchases and financial instruments from the market to optimize the economic efficiency of serving our obligations. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses, and flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market. Our financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive operating cash flow, and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. We utilize rigorous criteria when deploying capital and seek to invest in areas that complement our existing business and provide reasonable risk-adjusted returns. We advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by PJM and FERC of market design and transmission planning rules that continue to promote fair and efficient electricity markets. Our future success will depend on our ability to maintain strong operational and financial performance in an environment with low gas prices, capitalize on or address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and respond to challenges such as regulatory and political uncertainty. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including the acquisition, construction, or disposition of T&D facilities, clean energy investments, and generation projects. We expect to continue to invest in infrastructure modernization and will seek to extend these and related programs as appropriate, focusing on investments that yield contemporaneous and reasonable risk-adjusted returns while enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. Our projected expenditures for various items include investments for new business, reliability improvements, modernization, and the implementation of energy efficiency programs. The size and duration of our proposed clean energy future program, which includes installing approximately two million electric smart meters and associated infrastructure, are subject to BPU approval.