Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including a highly competitive operating environment and an evolving regulatory landscape. We intend to focus on continuing to implement our productivity initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and enhance our competitive advantage while continuing to transform our core capabilities with technology. The 2019 productivity plan will leverage new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineer our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market. Our risk management framework involves identifying, assessing, prioritizing, addressing, managing, monitoring, and communicating risks across the company's operations, including risks related to cybersecurity. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce capabilities, distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade, and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our corporate unallocated expenses include costs associated with ongoing business transformation initiatives, which are designed to enhance our operational capabilities and improve efficiency. We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives discussed. Our investment strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed periodically in conjunction with plan liabilities, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk, and cash requirements for benefit payments. Our overall investment policy is to prudently invest plan assets in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and high-quality debt securities and real estate to achieve our long-term return expectations. We manage commodity price, foreign exchange, and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs, and hedging. Our hedging strategies include the use of derivatives and, in the case of our net investment hedges, debt instruments. We have engaged in various research and development activities and continue to invest to accelerate growth and to drive innovation globally. Our commitment to delivering sustained growth through empowered people acting with responsibility and building trust is reinforced by our global code of conduct. We maintain strong controls over financial reporting, and our system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed as authorized and accurately recorded. Our internal controls are reinforced through our global code of conduct, which sets forth our commitment to conduct business with integrity. The board of directors has oversight responsibility for our integrated risk management framework, which includes oversight of key aspects of the company's business, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the company's top risks. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth. Our digital transformation initiatives are aimed at enhancing our IT capabilities to better support business needs and drive operational efficiency. We recognize that our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships.