The company believes many opportunities for profitable growth are available. The company intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by successfully executing its win strategy initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable growth, and financial performance. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2018 will increase 2019 operating income by approximately three percent in both the diversified industrial North American and diversified industrial international operations. The company expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment, including the continued integration of 2017 acquisitions. The increase in operating margins in 2018 for the diversified industrial international operations was primarily due to higher sales volume and lower operating expenses resulting from restructuring activities and the company's simplification initiative, resulting in manufacturing efficiencies. The lower operating margins in 2018 in the diversified industrial North American operations were primarily due to an unfavorable product mix, unfavorable raw material prices, higher amortization expense, and inefficiencies created by manufacturing facility consolidations, partially offset by the impact of higher sales volume and lower operating expenses resulting from prior-year restructuring activities and the company's simplification initiative. The business realignment charges consist primarily of severance and plant closure costs related to actions taken under the company's simplification initiative aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity, which is being implemented by its operating units throughout the world. The company recognizes that changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers, or distributors, including delays or cancellations in shipments, can impact its operations. The company also faces uncertainties surrounding timing, successful completion, or integration of acquisitions and similar transactions, including the integration of Clarcor Inc. The company has determined it will no longer permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings. The company's ability to manage costs related to insurance and employee retirement and healthcare benefits is critical. The company believes that its receivables are collectible and appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts have been recorded. The company continually monitors its reporting units for impairment indicators and updates assumptions used in the most recent calculation of the fair value of a reporting unit as appropriate. The company has consistently used a discount rate commensurate with its cost of capital, adjusted for inherent business risks, and an appropriate terminal growth factor. The company believes that the use of a discounted cash flow model results in the most accurate calculation of a reporting unit's fair value since the market value for a reporting unit is not readily available. The company anticipates that U.S. Department of Defense spending with regards to appropriations and operations and maintenance for the U.S. government's fiscal year 2018 will increase by approximately two percent from their fiscal 2017 level. The company believes the leading economic indicators of these markets that have a correlation to the company's future order rates are as follows: purchasing managers index (PMI) on manufacturing activity specific to regions around the world with respect to most mobile and industrial markets, global aircraft miles flown, and global revenue passenger miles for commercial aerospace markets. The company recognizes that the actual impact of the U.S. tax cuts and jobs act may affect future performance and earnings projections as the amounts reflected in this period are preliminary estimates. The company makes these statements as of the date of the filing of its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2018, and undertakes no obligation to update them unless otherwise required by law.