We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. Leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes is a key strategic priority designed to enhance value over the long term. Our capital priorities support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, and return excess capital to shareholders. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is critical to our success. We focus on delivering products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and putting customers' needs first. Our strategy includes expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, which reflects our commitment to enhancing our technology capabilities. We have launched our national retail digital strategy designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and an ultra-thin branch network in markets outside of our retail branch network. Our retail banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, and investment products. Additionally, we have implemented a new mortgage origination system and converted home equity loans to a new servicing platform to enhance product capability and improve speed of delivery and convenience. Our corporate and institutional banking strategy emphasizes delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. We continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive. Our operational risk management framework supports effective and consistent management of operational risk, which is inherent to the entire organization. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. The integration of technology and systems is essential to our operational risk management, ensuring that we can effectively manage risks associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology. Our enterprise risk management framework is designed to help manage risks in light of our risk appetite to optimize long-term shareholder value while supporting our employees, customers, and communities. We are actively focused on the timely adoption of applicable regulatory pronouncements within our risk management framework, ensuring that we can respond effectively to the evolving regulatory landscape.