We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. The increase in net operating income of $31.5 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of 164 self-storage facilities acquired and developed since January 2016. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for us to fully achieve the higher net operating income, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. Our development and redevelopment activities are beneficial to our business over the long run. However, in the short run, such activities dilute our earnings due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed and redeveloped storage facilities and reach a stabilized level of cash flows offset by the cost of capital to fund the cost, combined with related overhead expenses flowing through general and administrative expense. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. We are taking a number of actions to improve demand into our system, including increasing marketing spend on the internet, offering competitive rental rates, and continuing to offer promotional discounts to new tenants. The increase in 2018 also includes the impact of upgraded data communication lines. We expect inflationary increases in other direct property costs in 2019. Our capital expenditures for 2019 include certain projects that are upgrades and not traditional like-for-like replacements of existing components, and in certain circumstances replace existing components before the end of their functional lives. Such projects include installation of LED lighting, replacing existing planting configurations with more drought tolerant and low maintenance configurations, installation of solar panels, improvements to office configurations to provide a more customer-friendly experience, and improvements to outdoor facades and color schemes. We expect the non-same store facilities to continue to provide increased net operating income in 2019 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels and the earnings of the 2018 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2019 as compared to 2018. Our planned capital needs over the next year consist of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, property acquisitions currently under contract, and principal repayments on existing debt. Our capital resources include cash, available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, and expected retained operating cash flow for the next twelve months. Our capital needs may increase over the next year as we expect to add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties.