The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks; substation facilities; pipeline transmission and distribution systems and facilities; refinery, petrochemical and industrial facilities; and telecommunications and cable multi-system operator networks. Our integrated operations and common administrative support for our operating units require that certain allocations be made to determine segment profitability, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, such as facility costs, indirect operating expenses, and general and administrative costs. We operate primarily in the United States; however, we derived significant revenues from foreign operations during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. Our business is capital intensive, and we expect the need for substantial capital expenditures to continue into the foreseeable future to meet the anticipated demand for our services. We also evaluate opportunities for strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases under our authorized stock repurchase programs, and opportunities to invest in strategic partnerships with customers and infrastructure investors. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred service provider to our customers. Our customers are also seeking additional specialized labor resources to address an aging utility workforce and labor availability issues, increasing pressure to reduce costs and improve reliability, and increasing duration and complexity of customer capital programs. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to the point where customer demand for labor resources will outpace the supply of industry resources. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military, and unions; the expansion and development of our training facility, which provides classroom and on-the-job training programs; and the acquisition and development of our postsecondary educational institution, which specializes in pre-apprenticeship training, apprenticeship training, and specialized utility task training for electric workers. We expect demand for electricity in North America to grow over the long term and believe that certain segments of the North American electric power grid are not adequate to efficiently serve the power needs of the future. These factors have affected and will continue to affect reliability, requiring utilities to upgrade, modernize, and expand their existing transmission and distribution systems. We also anticipate that utilities will continue to integrate smart grid technologies into their distribution systems over time to improve grid management and create efficiencies. Furthermore, we believe that several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions may positively impact long-term demand for the services we provide, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. We continue to see growth opportunities in our pipeline and industrial infrastructure services segment, primarily with respect to services related to natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity, downstream industrial services, and the installation and maintenance of larger pipeline systems. We have also expanded our industrial services offerings, including high-pressure and critical-path turnaround services to the downstream and midstream energy markets, and enhanced our capabilities with respect to instrumentation and electrical services, piping, fabrication, and storage tank services. Our ability to take advantage of available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel.