The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics to evaluate our performance and financial condition, which assist us in managing our business. Our most critical accounting policies require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates, and assumptions, particularly in relation to anticipated technological changes and long-term market conditions. We believe our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The acquisition of Silversea Cruises enhances our presence in the ultra-luxury and expedition markets and provides us with an opportunity to drive long-term capacity growth in these markets. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships and may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships, which would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities, or through cash flows from operations. Our business model relies on significant cash flows generated from operations, which provides us with a substantial source of liquidity. We expect that our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period. Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders, and we have committed financing arrangements in place covering a significant portion of the cost of these ships. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits and cash receipts from onboard spending. We monitor net yields, net cruise costs, and net cruise costs excluding fuel as relevant indicators of our performance, and these measures allow us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes affecting our business. Our operational flexibility is enhanced by our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We believe that our IT capabilities have become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The significant deferred drydock costs consist of activities necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification, which cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in technology infrastructure and operational efficiencies to support our business transformation and enhance firm performance. We review our ships and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be fully recoverable, which requires significant judgment in estimating fair value based on various factors including competitive environment and general economic conditions.