Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Eylea, Dupixent, Praluent, Kevzara, and Libtayo. The scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations, particularly with Sanofi and Bayer, are critical factors influencing our financial results. Our research and development activities outside our collaborations are expected to expand and require additional resources. We have entered into various agreements related to our activities to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize product candidates and utilize our technology platforms. We earn collaboration revenue in connection with collaboration agreements to utilize our technology platforms and develop and/or commercialize product candidates. The variability in the scope of activities and length of time necessary to develop a drug product, potential delays in development programs, and changes to development plans and budgets as programs progress could result in material changes to the amount of revenue recognized each year in the future. We also recognize stock-based compensation expense for grants of stock options, restricted stock awards, and restricted stock units under our long-term incentive plans to employees and non-employee members of our board of directors based on the grant-date fair value of those awards. The assumptions used in computing the fair value of stock option awards reflect our best estimates but involve uncertainties related to market and other conditions. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. Our financial condition is influenced by various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, and the status of competitive products. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, and the various factors that affect the cost of each trial. Under certain collaboration agreements, the amount of funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive is capped at a specified amount; therefore, we may elect to independently fund certain research and development costs in excess of such capped amounts. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for Eylea, Dupixent, Praluent, Kevzara, and Libtayo.