We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based strength across our software businesses. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2018 and in 2017 was primarily due to increased earnings net of non-cash expenses. Cash used in investing activities during 2018 was primarily for business acquisitions, most notably PowerPlan, and to a much lesser extent capital expenditures. We expect the aggregate of capital expenditures and capitalized software expenditures as a percentage of annual net revenues to be between 1.0% and 1.5%. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. The growth in organic revenues was broad-based, due primarily to our fluid handling and water meter technology. The resulting operating margin was 28.3% in the year ended December 31, 2018 as compared to 25.7% in the year ended December 31, 2017. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. We also consider the specific future outlook for the reporting unit. The quantitative assessment utilizes both an income approach (discounted cash flows) and a market approach (consisting of a comparable company earnings multiples methodology) to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. The fair value for customer relationships is determined as of the acquisition date using the excess earnings method. Under this methodology, the fair value is determined based on the estimated future after-tax cash flows arising from the acquired customer relationships over their estimated lives after considering customer attrition and contributory asset charges. The increase in 2017 as compared to 2016 was due primarily to our 2016 acquisitions. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. Although our forecasts are based on assumptions that are considered reasonable by management and consistent with the plans and estimates management uses to operate the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the expected results attributable to the businesses and/or reporting units. The most significant identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives recognized from our acquisitions are customer relationships. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements.