In fiscal 2018, net interest income improved primarily due to an increase in interest income and higher capitalized interest on information systems projects. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. The increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures, which include costs for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. We are forecasting approximately $600 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include investments in information technology systems, which are essential for supporting our operational efficiency and enhancing our business processes. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations, and we intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by continuing to strengthen our organization and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains, but we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations. The timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in higher accounts payable leverage, which is indicative of our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics. Our effective tax rates are impacted by changes in laws, location of new stores, and the resolution of tax positions with various taxing authorities, which can influence our financial performance and strategic resource allocation. We opened 99 new stores in fiscal 2018, and our expansion strategy is based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations, which underscores the importance of our information management capability in providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security.