During 2018, we incurred restructuring charges of $26.4 million that primarily consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, the closure of offices with non-cancelable lease agreements, and the redesign of our back-office functions and upgrades to certain of our software systems. The redesign of our back-office functions and software systems continued into 2018. The savings realized from these restructuring efforts have been reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. We expect annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million as a result of these restructuring efforts. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. Our corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills and other administrative functions. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP), provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. Our revenue from energy services consists mainly of fees we charge for the treatment and disposal of liquid and solid waste derived from the production of oil and natural gas. We integrate our recycling operations with our collection operations and obtain revenue from the sale of recycled commodities. Our revenue from national accounts represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide or regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated waste handling services are subcontracted to local operators. Consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges of approximately $5 million primarily related to the consolidation of back-office functions, upgrades to back-office software systems, lease exit and contract termination costs and the relocation of certain employees. We have recorded a net gain on business divestitures, net of asset impairments of $44.9 million. The impact from the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard entirely offset these increases in revenue. We believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes restructuring charges, (gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net, incremental contract startup costs, and certain insurance recoveries provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We are engaged in 75 landfill gas-to-energy and renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for 129 closed landfills. We also recorded a net gain on disposition of assets and asset impairments of $6.8 million due to the transfer of ownership of the landfill gas collection and control system and the remaining post-closure and environmental liabilities associated with one of our divested landfills.