Synopsys, Inc. provides products and services used by designers across the entire silicon to software spectrum, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our solutions help semiconductor and electronics systems companies overcome the challenges of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce their design and manufacturing costs. The complexity of customer arrangements involves hundreds of products and various license rights, requiring us to release state-of-the-art technology and provide support at each stage of the customer's design. We primarily utilize technology subscription licenses (TSLs), which are time-based licenses that provide customers with limited rights to receive or exchange certain quantities of licensed software for unspecified future technology. The majority of our arrangements are TSLs due to the nature of the business and customer requirements, which include post-contract customer support, frequent updates, and enhancements to our tools to meet customer specifications. Our growth strategy is based on building on our leadership in our electronic design automation (EDA) products, expanding our intellectual property (IP) offerings, and driving growth in the software security and quality market. We expect to experience increased variability in our total revenue as we continue to expand our product portfolio and total addressable market. The increase in revenue for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by higher TSL revenue, contributions from acquired companies, and an increase in professional services. Our expenses are impacted by changes in personnel-related costs, which are driven by increased headcount from our overall growth, including those from acquisitions. We allocate certain human resource programs, information technology, and facility expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. The increase in research and development expense was primarily due to personnel-related costs resulting from headcount increases, including those from acquisitions. Our revenues are subject to fluctuations due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. The overall growth of our business, including contributions from acquisitions, has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue. Our revenue recognition involves certain judgments, including evaluating whether persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists and whether delivery of software or services has occurred. We recognize revenue from maintenance arrangements ratably over the maintenance period and recognize revenue from professional services as such services are performed and accepted by the customers. The integration of acquired technologies represents the income tax effect resulting from the transfer of certain intangible assets among company-controlled entities. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. Our effective tax rate reflects the impact of the restructuring of our foreign intellectual property rights and other tax-related matters. We continue to monitor and manage our capital and stock repurchase expenditures to ensure ample liquidity, which is essential for supporting our IT capabilities and overall business strategy.