The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates, and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe our key competitive strengths include large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. We provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The company generated $1,022.2 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2018 compared to $788.7 million during fiscal 2017. The net increase is primarily attributable to an increase in income from continuing operations. The company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2019 to be between $85 million and $100 million. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year to year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. We expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide more than sufficient cash from operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. The company had 35 reporting units with goodwill as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the date of the last annual impairment test. The estimated fair values of each of the reporting units was substantially in excess of their respective carrying values, and therefore, no goodwill impairment was recorded. The company performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is a significant assumption in the calculation of fair values. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. The securitization facility effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of the domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. The company uses the proceeds from the securitization facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs. The company has borrowed $300 million under the securitization facility, which is collateralized by substantially all of the company's domestic operations' trade accounts receivable.