Comparable digital channel sales increased 36 percent, contributing 1.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Digital channel sales include all sales initiated through mobile applications and our websites, with our stores fulfilling the majority of these sales. The increase in sales is due to a comparable sales increase of 5.0 percent and the contribution from new stores, partially offset by the impact of the extra week in 2017. Operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $5,970 million for 2018, a decrease of $891 million, or 13.0 percent, from $6,861 million for 2017. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments. Capital expenditures increased in 2018 from the prior year primarily due to increased investments in existing stores as we further accelerated our current store remodel program. This investment acceleration follows an increase in 2017 as we accelerated our store remodel program. We expect capital expenditures in 2019 at a level consistent with 2018 as we continue the current store remodel program and open additional small-format stores. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for Target. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. We have additional liquidity through a committed $2.5 billion revolving credit facility obtained through a group of banks. In 2018, we funded our holiday sales period working capital needs through internally generated funds and the issuance of commercial paper. We believe that the amounts accrued for general liability and workers' compensation liabilities are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. We maintain insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain events, including network security matters. We recognize the income tax effects of the tax act in our financial statements in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118, which provides SEC staff guidance for the application of ASC topic 740, income taxes. We periodically reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. We believe the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit & finance committee of our board of directors. The evaluation of long-lived assets for impairment is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets, primarily at the store level. We recorded impairments of $92 million, $91 million, and $43 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. We believe that our internal analysis and investment strategies are critical to maintaining our competitive positioning and supporting our operational efficiency and business transformation initiatives.