The increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by incremental systems and technology costs, global IT restructuring costs, and higher incentive compensation accruals. The company plans to fund capital expenditures, including approximately $900 million for offices and distribution centers (including buying and merchandising systems and other information systems) to support growth. The results of sierra are reported in our marmaxx segment. Our current European operations benefit from the free movement of goods and labor between the U.K. and EU. We have developed a plan to realign our European division's supply chain to reduce the volume of merchandise flowing between the U.K. and the EU and have established resources and systems to support this plan. The increase in cash flows related to prepaid expenses and other current assets was largely due to the prefunding of certain service contracts in fiscal 2018. We continue to communicate with our associates about Brexit including by providing relevant information about additional procedures that may be required post-Brexit. In fiscal 2019, we completed a two-for-one stock split of our common stock; as such, all share and related data, as well as basic and diluted earnings per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the split. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are more than adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year. The increase in operating cash flows in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 was due to net income, adjusted for non-cash items. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations. The increase in segment margin was driven by favorable merchandise margins, primarily due to lower markdowns, along with the favorable reserve adjustment relating to a wage audit and expense leverage on occupancy costs. The increase in segment profit margin for fiscal 2019 was driven by a combination of an increase in merchandise margin and expense leverage on strong comp sales. The increase in segment profit margin decreased to 14.3% in fiscal 2019 compared to 14.6% in fiscal 2018, primarily due to the combination of higher store wage and freight costs. The increase in sales for fiscal 2019 reflects comp sales growth and a positive impact from foreign currency translation. The increase in customer traffic was a significant driver of comp sales growth across all segments. The company’s results are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in part I, item 1A, risk factors. Our e-commerce businesses represented approximately 3% of marmaxx's net sales. The increase in cash flows related to prepaid expenses and other current assets was largely due to the prefunding of certain service contracts in fiscal 2018. The increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by the incremental investments related to the 2017 tax act. The tax benefits recognized due to the 2017 tax act resulted in a net benefit to net income. The 2017 tax act significantly changes how corporations are taxed, requiring complex computations to be performed that were not previously required in U.S. tax law. The increase in operating cash flows in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 was due to net income, adjusted for non-cash items. The company plans to fund these expenditures through internally generated funds.