The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and throughout other parts of the world, primarily through joint ventures. The company's effective tax rate was lower than the respective statutory rate, primarily due to the impact of tax-exempt investment income on the calculation of the company's income tax provision. The company expects retention levels will remain strong by historical standards during 2019, with domestic renewal premium changes expected to be positive and broadly consistent with the levels attained in 2018. The company continually evaluates its investment alternatives and mix to optimize investment returns while maintaining sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations, with the primary goals of satisfying the insurance liabilities and maintaining sufficient liquidity. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company recognizes that the timing and amount of cash inflows from reinsurance agreements are directly related to the underlying payment of claims and claim adjustment expenses by the insurer, and it manages its business and evaluates its liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expenses on a net of reinsurance basis. The company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes, and it has entered into a reinsurance contract in connection with a catastrophe bond issued by Long Point Re III. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements for its pension plans. The company believes it has a strong capital position and expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company's investment strategy focuses on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company has a shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits it to issue securities from time to time. The company has entered into certain contingent obligations for guarantees related to selling businesses to third parties, certain investments, and various other indemnifications. The company considers its most significant accounting estimates to be those applied to claims and claim adjustment expense reserves and related reinsurance recoverables, investment valuation and impairments, and goodwill and other intangible assets impairments. The company utilizes various report year development methods for the construction defect components of its product lines and employs informed judgment throughout the reserving process, including the application of various individual experiences and expertise to multiple sets of data and analyses. The overall detailed analyses supporting the establishment of reserves can take several months to perform as the underlying causes of observed trends need to be evaluated. The company recognizes that unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves, and it believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for its various product lines.