Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity, and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience, and performance features. The worldwide automotive markets for alternative fuel vehicles and self-driving technology are highly competitive, and we expect them to become even more so. We believe that the unique features of our vehicles, the safety aspects of each of our vehicles, our constant innovation, and our growing brand will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles. Advancing our customer-facing infrastructure remains a top priority. Delivering vehicles to our customers and the related logistics were challenging during 2018, but we continue to improve these processes to maximize customer satisfaction. We are also expanding our servicing capabilities for our rapidly growing customer vehicle fleet, including by growing our service locations and mobile service fleet, moving to two-shift operations at service centers where needed, and optimizing our parts distribution network. We are making progress with our self-driving technology, as well as the autopilot features in our vehicles. Our neural net and functionality continue to improve, and we frequently release minor software updates and from time to time release key version updates. We are continuing to reduce customer acquisition costs of our energy generation products, transitioning away from former channel partners and shifting our sales strategy significantly to sell these products in Tesla stores and on our website and through cross-selling opportunities to our expanding base of vehicle owners. We expect that our retrofit solar system deployments will decrease slightly before stabilizing and growing in the second half of the year. We are continuing with the design iterations and testing on our solar roof product, and we are continuing installations at a slow pace with the expectation that we will ramp production with significantly improved manufacturing capabilities during 2019. We expect our energy storage products to continue to experience significant growth, and we are targeting to more than double our deployments to over 2 GWh in 2019. We are continuing to ramp production for these products at Gigafactory 1, including through a new production line, and we have seen further manufacturing efficiencies and improvements in our installation processes as we ramp. We believe that the efficiencies of local production, as well as avoiding certain tariffs on U.S.-manufactured vehicles, will allow us to offer Model 3 at a lower average selling price in the largest market for electric vehicles in the world. Our goal is to produce the world's highest quality vehicles as quickly and as cost-effectively as possible with a priority on workplace health and safety. We expect to continue to grow Model 3 production to a sustained rate of 7,000 vehicles per week at our Tesla factory by the end of 2019 as we ramp international deliveries. We remain focused on further cost improvements and on increasing the affordability of Model 3. Our Gigafactory Shanghai is expected to significantly increase the affordability of Model 3 for customers in China by reducing transportation and manufacturing costs and eliminating certain tariffs on vehicles imported from the U.S. We expect to begin production of certain trims of Model 3 at Gigafactory Shanghai by the end of 2019. We expect that much of the investment in Gigafactory Shanghai will be provided through local debt financing, supported by limited direct capital expenditures by us. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business.