The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We expect to fund our 2019 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We began implementation of the first phase of our unified plan 2020, which included several initiatives focused on increasing reliability of our service product, reducing variability in network operations, and improving resource utilization costs. As a result, network operations improved significantly as we progressed throughout the fourth quarter. We expect continued margin improvement driven by continued pricing opportunities, ongoing G55+0 productivity initiatives, and full implementation of our unified plan 2020 to better leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. Our capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We will continue to evaluate the entire network and make further changes as warranted. In addition, we are working through a terminal rationalization process to more fully optimize our train operations and crew resources. These potential changes, combined with other G55+0 initiatives, are designed to better align our management structure and decision-making processes in conjunction with our unified plan 2020 operating model. We expect to continue to implement our G55+0 and unified plan 2020 initiatives to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our 2018 operating ratio was an all-time record 62.7%, improving 0.1 point from 2017 adjusted results. We believe the adjusted results provide relevant information to our investors as they more accurately reflect ongoing financial performance. We will continue our efforts to increase detection of rail defects; improve or close crossings; and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across our network. In 2019, we will continue to implement our G55+0 and unified plan 2020 initiatives to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. We expect full implementation of all phases of the unified plan 2020 by mid-2019. Our capital plan includes expenditures to renew and improve our existing infrastructure as well as new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency. We will continue to balance investment in our network infrastructure and terminal capacity as appropriate, including new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency.