During 2018, operating profit in our U.S. domestic segment operation was negatively impacted primarily by planned costs related to our transformation strategy, which includes the deployment of new facility and technology projects. The growth in pickup and delivery and network costs was impacted by several factors, including the continued expansion of our technology-enabled network. We continue to deploy and utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity. The increased expenses in 2018 were driven by costs related to the improvement of our smart global logistics network, including additional aircraft leases to improve our air service reliability and costs related to the implementation of Saturday operations in additional markets. Our multi-year investment program in our smart logistics network impacts all asset categories, with the largest investments in buildings, facilities, and plant equipment, as well as information technology. Capital spending on information technology increased in 2018 compared to prior periods due to further development of technology-enabled enhancements and capitalized software projects. The benefits of our efficiency and growth initiatives in the U.S. will not be fully realized until future periods, highlighting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We believe that these adjusted financial measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and analysts in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance, reflecting the importance of strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility in achieving competitive advantage. The transformation strategy costs, which totaled $360 million in 2018, reflect costs associated with our ongoing investments in technology and infrastructure to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs. We incurred higher costs associated with outside contract carriers, primarily due to volume growth, higher fuel surcharges passed to us by carriers, and general rate increases, which are indicative of the market dynamics affecting our operational capabilities. Our overall volume increased across all products in 2018, largely due to continued growth in overall retail sales, with e-commerce representing a larger percentage of the total growth. This growth was focused within the retail, healthcare, and manufacturing industries, demonstrating the interfirm transactions and relationships that underpin our operational framework. We believe that our current cash position, access to commercial paper programs, and cash flow generated from operations should be adequate to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs, transformation strategy, and to fund dividend payments, share repurchases, and long-term debt payments through the next several years. The ongoing evaluation of opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund ongoing cash needs, underscores our commitment to maintaining operational agility and responsiveness to market demands. The changes in our expense allocation methodologies reflect our strategic management practices and the need to adapt to evolving business environments, ensuring that our organizational capabilities align with our long-term goals and market positioning.