We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis and advancing our research and development programs in other serious diseases. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations, and other organizations as needed to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and this process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available. We expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. Our collaborations require us to apply accounting policies that involve significant judgments and that have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our operating costs and expenses increased due to increased costs of sales related to our increased product revenues and increased expenses related to our ongoing research and development efforts. We expect that cash flows from our CF products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We have significant future capital requirements including incurring substantial operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. Our collaborative and royalty revenues are generated through collaborative research, development, and/or commercialization agreements, which typically include payment to us of one or more of the following: nonrefundable, upfront license fees; development and commercial milestone payments; funding of research and/or development activities; and royalties on net sales of licensed products. We recognize collaborative and royalty revenues generated through collaborative research, development, and/or commercialization agreements. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, and the duration of clinical trials may vary substantially according to the type, complexity, and novelty of the drug candidate and the disease indication being targeted. We utilize the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, and significant judgment is required in making assessments to maintain or reverse our valuation allowances. Our accounting policies, including those related to collaborations, intangible assets, and variable interest entities, require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management.