The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development, and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning, and monetizing real estate assets. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship, and geographic location. We monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property, including review of monthly financial statements and other operating data, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we generally aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. We also aim to structure our relevant investments to mitigate payment risk. Operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by guarantees and/or letters of credit. Our asset management process includes the ability to tailor data and information in response to changing business needs and directions. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business, which relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions, and for budget planning purposes. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute strategic plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures, while supplemental measures include funds from operations and consolidated net operating income. We use these measures to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property-level performance of our properties. The determination of the allowance for loan losses is based on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans, including general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan payments. Our investments generate cash from net operating income, and we continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements.