The waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry; however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered, and those waste streams are becoming more complex. We monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. As companies, individuals, and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we are promoting our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet their needs. Despite some industry consolidation in recent years, we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental, and private service providers based on pricing, service quality, customer experience, and breadth of service offerings. Our industry is directly affected by changes in general economic factors, as increases and decreases in consumer spending, business expansions, and construction starts generally correlate to volumes of waste generated and our revenues. Negative economic conditions, in addition to competitor actions, can make it more challenging to negotiate, renew, or expand service contracts with acceptable margins, and customers may reduce their service needs. General economic factors and the market for consumer goods, in addition to regulatory developments, can also significantly impact commodity prices for recyclable materials we sell. Our operating expenses are directly impacted by volume levels; as volume levels shift due to economic and other factors, we must manage our network capacity and cost structure accordingly. The company continued its commitment to supporting both organic and inorganic growth during 2018, allocating $1,694 million of available cash to capital expenditures and $466 million to the acquisition of solid waste businesses. We also allocated $1,806 million to our shareholders during 2018 through common stock repurchases and dividends. Our solid waste business benefited from internal revenue growth offset, in part, by merit increases and increased maintenance and repair costs. The increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2018 was driven by volume growth in our collection line of business, a bonus plan established in early 2018 targeted at improving employee retention, and merit increases. The increase in professional fees in 2018 was primarily due to the investments we are making in technology to improve our operations and our customer service and higher legal fees. We continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings. Our spending on acquisitions was $466 million, $200 million, and $611 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. The company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management, and fluctuations in our capital expenditures are a result of new business opportunities, growth in our existing business, the timing of replacement of aging assets, and investment in assets that support our strategy of continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. We are seeking expansion permits at 15 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in the critical accounting estimates and assumptions. We believe that our investment-grade credit ratings, large value of unencumbered assets, and modest leverage enable us to obtain adequate financing to meet our ongoing capital, operating, and other liquidity requirements. We have credit facilities in place to support our liquidity and financial assurance needs. The increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment during 2018 as compared to 2017 is primarily due to increased capital expenditures to support organic growth in our business. Our operating cash flows increased as a result of higher earnings from our traditional solid waste business and lower income tax payments driven by enactment of tax reform.