We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas and NGLs through our gas pipeline and midstream business. Our operations are located in the United States. Our interstate natural gas pipeline strategy is to create value by maximizing the utilization of our pipeline capacity by providing high quality, low cost transportation of natural gas to large and growing markets. The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our reportable segments are comprised of our midstream gathering and processing businesses, which include significant natural gas gathering and processing and crude oil production handling and transportation assets. We believe that accomplishing our goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our business plan includes a continued focus on growing our fee-based businesses, executing growth projects, and accomplishing cost discipline initiatives to ensure operations support our strategy. We anticipate operating results will increase through organic business growth driven by continued expansion in the northeast region and Transco expansion projects. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2019 are expected to be in a range from $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion, including projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We continue to address certain pricing risks through the utilization of commodity hedging strategies. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. We are evaluating the impact of regulatory changes on our interstate natural gas pipelines and currently expect any associated impacts would be prospective and determined through subsequent rate proceedings. Our operations are influenced by various external factors, including regulatory changes and market dynamics, which necessitate a focus on operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation. We continue to monitor developments that may impact our regulatory liabilities resulting from tax reform, and we believe that our strategic management practices will enhance our organizational capabilities and performance outcomes.