We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. We seek to deliver more innovations across core areas of vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, and the complementary spaces we have been adding over time such as genetics, biodevices, digital and data analytics. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our portfolio of vaccines, therapeutics, and diagnostics will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We are focused on providing greater value to our customers through the integration of our portfolio that spans from disease prediction and prevention to detection and treatment. We believe that we have an important role to play in supporting our veterinary customers' engagement with pet owners, who are increasingly influencing care decisions for their animals, and consumers, who are demanding more transparency about where their food comes from and how it is produced. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which we believe often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. Our total revenue is primarily derived from our diversified product portfolio of medicines, vaccines, and diagnostic products used to treat and protect livestock and companion animals. The depth of our product portfolio enables us to address the varying needs of customers in different species and geographies. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. We face competition in the regions in which we operate, and principal methods of competition vary depending on the particular region, species, product category, or individual product. Our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. We believe that it is important to not only understand overall revenue and earnings growth, but also "operational growth." Operational growth is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows, and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our future cash needs, this may be subject to the environment in which we operate. We regularly monitor our liquidity position, but there can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or an economic downturn will not impact our liquidity or our ability to obtain future financing.