item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. the discussion and analysis of our financial condition as of december 31, 2021 and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, is included in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
executive overview description of the company and business segments baxter international inc. is a global medical technology with approximately 60,000 employees worldwide who are engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products, digital health solutions and therapies used by hospitals, kidney dialysis centers, nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, doctors' offices and patients at home under physician supervision. our global footprint and the critical nature of our products and services, which are sold in over 100 countries, play a key role in expanding access to healthcare in emerging and developed countries.
we manage our global operations based on four segments, consisting of the following geographic segments related to our legacy baxter business: americas, emea and apac, and a global segment for our recently acquired hillrom business. as discussed below under "recently announced strategic actions," we are designing a new operating model intended to simplify and streamline our operations and we expect that our reportable segments will be changed to align with that new operating model when it is fully implemented.
our americas, emea and apac segments provide a broad portfolio of essential healthcare products, including acute and chronic dialysis therapies; sterile iv solutions; infusion systems and devices; parenteral nutrition therapies; inhaled anesthetics; generic injectable pharmaceuticals; and surgical hemostat and sealant products. our hillrom segment provides digital and connected care solutions and collaboration tools, including smart bed systems, patient monitoring and diagnostic technologies, respiratory health devices and advanced equipment for the surgical space.
for financial information about our segments, see note 17 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
financial results our global net sales totaled $15.1 billion in 2022, an increase of 18% over 2021 on a reported and 23% on a constant currency basis. international sales totaled $7.9 billion in 2022, an increase of 4% compared to 2021 on a reported basis and 12% on a constant currency basis. sales in the united states totaled $7.2 billion in 2022, an increase of 39% compared to 2021. refer to the net sales discussion in the results of operations section below for more information related to changes in net sales on a constant currency basis.
net income (loss) attributable to baxter stockholders totaled a loss of $2.4 billion, or $(4.83) per diluted share, in 2022. net income (loss) in 2022 included special items which adversely impacted our results by $4.2 billion, or $8.33 per diluted share. our special items, which included $3.2 billion of goodwill and intangible asset impairments in 2022, are discussed in the results of operations section below.
our financial results included r&d expenses totaling $605 million in 2022, which reflects our focus on balancing investments to support our new product pipeline with efforts to optimize overall r&d spending (including with respect to the maintenance of our portfolio).
while we continue to face continuing global macroeconomic challenges, our financial position remains strong, with operating cash flows from continuing operations totaling $1.2 billion in 2022. we have continued to execute on our disciplined capital allocation framework, as discussed in the business strategy section in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k, which is designed to optimize stockholder value creation through reinvestment in our businesses, dividends and share repurchases, as well as acquisitions and other business development initiatives and consistent with our previously stated commitment to achieve our net leverage targets.
capital expenditures totaled $679 million in 2022 as we continue to invest across our businesses to support future growth, including additional investments in support of new and existing product capacity expansions. our investments in capital expenditures in 2022 were focused on projects that improve production efficiency, invest in our quality systems and enhance manufacturing capabilities to support our business growth.
we also continued to return value to our stockholders. during 2022, we paid cash dividends to our stockholders totaling $573 million. additionally, in 2022 we repurchased 0.5 million shares through cash repurchases pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan. for information on our share repurchase plans, see note 8 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
recently announced strategic actions in january 2023, we announced the following planned strategic actions that are intended to enhance our operational effectiveness, accelerate innovation and drive additional stockholder value: (a) a proposed spinoff of our renal care and acute therapies product categories into an independent publicly traded company focused on kidney care (the proposed spinoff), (b) our development of a new operating model to simplify our operations and (c) our pursuit of strategic alternatives (including a potential sale) for our biopharma solutions (bps) product category.
this proposed spinoff is currently expected to be completed during the first half of 2024, approximately 12 to 18 months from the date of the related announcement. in 2022 we generated $4.4 billion of combined net sales from our renal care and acute therapies product categories, representing approximately 29% of our consolidated net sales. additionally, in 2022 we generated $644 million of net sales from our bps product category, representing approximately 4% of our consolidated net sales.
during 2023 and the first quarter of 2024, we expect to incur significant separation and transaction-related costs related to the proposed spinoff and our pursuit of strategic alternatives (including a potential sale) for our bps product category, which will adversely impact our earnings and operating cash flows. additionally, we expect to incur some amount of dis-synergies following those transactions due to the reduced size of our company and, as a result, we will need to undertake actions to ensure that our cost structure is appropriate to support our remaining businesses.
there can be no guarantees that the proposed spinoff, the simplified operating model or the sale of, or other strategic transaction involving, our bps product category will be completed in the manner or over the timeframes described above, or at all.
we are also designing a new operating model intended to simplify and streamline our operations and better align our manufacturing footprint and supply chain to our commercial activities. the new operating model will have significant impacts on our systems and processes across our entire company and we expect to have those broader operational changes, including our updated management reporting framework for the new operating model, fully implemented during the second half of 2023. at that time, we expect that our reportable segments will be changed to align with the new operating model.
factors affecting our results of operations supply constraints and global economic conditions we have experienced significant challenges to our global supply chain in recent periods, including production delays and interruptions, increased costs and shortages of raw materials and component parts (including resins and electromechanical devices) and higher transportation costs, resulting from the pandemic and other exogenous factors including significant weather events, elevated inflation levels, disruptions to certain ports of call around the world, the war in ukraine and other geopolitical events. due to the nature of our products, which include dense consumable medical products such as iv fluids, and the geographic locations of our manufacturing facilities, which often require us to transport our products long distances, we may be more susceptible to increases in freight costs and other supply chain challenges than certain of our industry peers. we expect to experience some of these and other challenges related to our supply chain in future periods. these challenges, including the unavailability of certain raw materials and component parts, have also had a negative impact on our sales for certain product categories (including those acquired in the hillrom acquisition) due to our inability to fully satisfy demand and may continue to have a negative impact on our sales in the future.
our results of operations are also affected by macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. the war in ukraine and the sanctions and other measures being imposed in response to this conflict have increased the levels of economic and political uncertainty. in response, we continue to monitor the developing situation with respect to ongoing business in russia and are working on appropriate contingency plans that will support our desire to serving existing, chronically ill patient populations while remaining compliant with all applicable u.s. and european union sanctions and regulations. while russia and ukraine do not constitute a material portion of our business, a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict's current scope could have an adverse effect on our business.
in addition, the existence of inflation in the united states and in many of the countries where we conduct business has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. we have experienced and may continue to experience inflationary increases in manufacturing costs and operating expenses as well as negative impacts from weakening exchange rates, caused by the covid-19 pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, and may not be able to pass these cost increases on to our customers in a timely manner or at all, which could have a material adverse impact on our profitability and results of operations. inflation and general macroeconomic factors have caused certain of our customers to reduce or delay orders for our products and services and could cause them to do so in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on our sales and results of operations.
covid-19
our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19). covid-19 has had, and we expect will continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations, supply chains and distribution systems and has increased and we expect will continue to increase our expenses. over the course of the pandemic, our business has been impacted by shifting healthcare priorities and significant volatility in the demand for our products. for further information about our revenues by product category, refer to note 10 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. significant uncertainty remains regarding the duration and overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic. concerns remain regarding the pace of economic recovery due to virus resurgence across the globe from the omicron variants, subvariants and other virus mutations as well as vaccine distribution and hesitancy. the u.s. and other governments may continue existing measures or implement new restrictions and other requirements in the future (including moratoriums on elective procedures and mandatory quarantines and travel restrictions), resulting in higher levels of absenteeism, including at our manufacturing and distribution facilities. due to the uncertainty caused by the pandemic (including whether hospital admissions, elective procedures and demand for certain of our products and services will return to pre-pandemic levels), our operating performance and financial results, particularly in the short term, may be subject to volatility.
we expect that the challenges caused by the pandemic as well as global economic conditions, among other factors, may continue to have an adverse effect on our business. for further discussion, refer to item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
recent business combinations and asset acquisitions zosyn on march 22, 2022, we entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of pfizer inc. to acquire the rights to zosyn, a premixed frozen piperacillin-tazobactam product, in the u.s. and canada. zosyn is used for the treatment of intra-abdominal infections, nosocomial pneumonia, skin and skin structure infections, female pelvic infections and community-acquired pneumonia. under the terms of the acquisition, we paid the acquisition price of $122 million and received specified intellectual property, including patent rights, in the first quarter of 2022 and will receive additional intellectual property, including the product rights to zosyn, in the first quarter of 2023. under the arrangement, we are entitled to receive profit sharing payments from sales of zosyn until the product rights transfer to us in march 2023. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the agreement to acquire the rights to zosyn.
hillrom on december 13, 2021, we completed our acquisition of all outstanding equity interests of hill-rom holdings, inc. (hillrom) for a purchase price of $10.5 billion. including the assumption of hillrom's outstanding debt obligations, the enterprise value of the transaction was approximately $12.8 billion.
hillrom was a global medical technology leader whose products and services help enable earlier diagnosis and treatment, optimize surgical efficiency, and accelerate patient recovery while simplifying clinical communication and shifting care closer to home. hillrom made those outcomes possible through digital and connected care solutions and collaboration tools, including smart bed systems, patient monitoring and diagnostic technologies, respiratory health devices, advanced equipment for the surgical space and more, delivering actionable, real-time insights at the point of care.
in 2022 the patient support systems, front line care and global surgical solutions product categories of our hillrom segment collectively generated net sales of $2.9 billion. during 2022, we also recognized $2.8 billion of goodwill impairments and $332 million of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments related to goodwill and trade name intangible assets that arose from the hillrom acquisition. see notes 2, 4, 5 and 17 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about the hillrom acquisition, goodwill and intangible asset impairments, hillrom acquisition financing arrangements and hillrom segment results, respectively.
perclot on july 29, 2021, we acquired certain assets related to perclot polysaccharide hemostatic system (perclot), including distribution rights for the u.s. and specified territories outside of the u.s., from cryolife, inc. for an upfront purchase price of $25 million and the potential for additional cash consideration of up to $36 million, which had an acquisition-date fair value of $28 million, based upon regulatory and commercial milestones. perclot is an absorbable powder hemostat indicated for use in surgical procedures, including cardiac, vascular, orthopedic, spinal, neurological, gynecological, ent and trauma surgery as an adjunct hemostat when control of bleeding from capillary, venous, or arteriolar vessels by pressure, ligature, and other conventional means is either ineffective or impractical. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of perclot.
transderm scop on march 31, 2021, we acquired the rights to transderm scop (tds) for the u.s. and specified territories outside of the u.s. from subsidiaries of glaxosmithkline for an upfront purchase price of $60 million including the cost of acquired inventory and the potential for additional cash consideration of $30 million, which had an acquisition-date fair value of $24 million, based upon regulatory approval of a new contract manufacturer by a specified date. we previously sold this product under a distribution license to the u.s. institutional market. tds is indicated for post-operative nausea and vomiting in the u.s. and motion sickness in european markets. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of tds.
caelyx and doxil on february 17, 2021, we acquired the rights to caelyx and doxil, the branded versions of liposomal doxorubicin, from a subsidiary of johnson & johnson for specified territories outside of the u.s for approximately $325 million in cash. we previously acquired the u.s. rights to this product in 2019. liposomal doxorubicin is a chemotherapy medicine used to treat various types of cancer. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of caelyx and doxil.
results of operations special items the following table provides a summary of our special items and the related impact by line item on our results for 2022 and 2021.
