item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in item 1a. additionally, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") in our 2021 annual report on form 10-k for management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, which we filed with the sec on february 25, 2022 and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
in this md&a section, we refer to the following "adjusted" financial measures: adjusted operating companies income (loss) ("oci"); adjusted oci margins; adjusted net earnings attributable to altria; adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to altria; and adjusted effective tax rates. these adjusted financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. these adjusted financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. for a further description of these non-gaap financial measures, see the non-gaap financial measures section below.
executive summary our business we have a leading portfolio of tobacco products for u.s. tobacco consumers age 21+. our vision by 2030 is to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a smoke-free future. we are moving beyond smokingtm, leading the way in moving adult smokers away from cigarettes by taking action to transition millions to potentially less harmful choices - believing it is a substantial opportunity for adult tobacco consumers, our businesses and society.
our wholly owned subsidiaries include leading manufacturers of both combustible and smoke-free products. in combustibles, we own pm usa, the most profitable u.s. cigarette manufacturer, and middleton, a leading u.s. cigar manufacturer.
our smoke-free portfolio includes ownership of usstc, the leading global mst manufacturer, and helix, a leading manufacturer of oral nicotine pouches. additionally, we have a majority-owned joint venture, horizon, for the u.s. marketing and commercialization of hts products and, through a separate agreement, we have the exclusive u.s. commercialization rights to the iqos system and marlboro heatsticks through april 2024.
our investments in equity securities include abi, the world's largest brewer, cronos, a leading canadian cannabinoid company, and juul, a u.s. based e-vapor company.
the brand portfolios of our tobacco operating companies include marlboro, black & mild, copenhagen, skoal and on!. trademarks and service marks related to altria referenced in this form 10-k are the property of altria or our subsidiaries or are used with permission.
for a description of altria, see item 1. business of this form 10-k ("item 1").
trends and developments in this md&a section, we discuss factors that have impacted our business as of the date of this form 10-k. in addition, we are aware of certain trends and developments that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material impact on our business, including the value of our investments in equity securities, in the future. in this trends and developments section, we focus on the potential effects on our business resulting from the continued elevated rate of inflation, supply chain disruptions, ongoing geopolitical events and recent regulatory actions.
we continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. high rates of inflation occurred in 2022, driven by increasing global energy, commodity and food prices, which were further exacerbated by other factors, including supply and demand imbalances, labor shortages and the russian invasion of ukraine. high inflation, high gas prices and rising interest rates could continue to impact our business by negatively impacting adult tobacco consumers' disposable income and future purchase behaviors. during 2022, cigarette retail share for the industry discount segment increased. we continue to expect potential fluctuations in discount product share for cigarettes and mst products as price sensitive adult tobacco consumers react to their economic conditions and will monitor the effect of these dynamics on adult tobacco consumers and their purchase behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of smoke-free products. increases in inflation also have a direct and adverse impact on our msa expense and other direct and indirect costs. we expect inflation to continue at increased levels in 2023, and the extent of any effects on adult tobacco consumers' purchase behaviors depends in part on the magnitude and duration of such increased inflation levels. see operating results by business segment - tobacco space - business environment for additional information on evolving trends in the tobacco industry and the impacts to our business from increased inflation.
volatility in domestic and global economies and disruptions in the supply and distribution chains are expected to continue in 2023, resulting from several factors, including the on-going impacts of inflation, supply and demand imbalances across many sectors such as energy and commodities, raw materials availability and geopolitical events. we continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through, among other actions, proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts, evolution of our safety, health and environmental protocols at our facilities and prudent oversight of our liquidity. see operating results by business segment - tobacco space - business environment for additional information on the supply chain and other impacts of the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment on our business.
tobacco companies are subject to broad and evolving regulatory and legislative frameworks that could have a material impact on our business. for example, the fda has issued proposed product standards regarding menthol in cigarettes and characterizing flavors in cigars, and, in june 2022, the biden administration published plans for future potential regulatory actions that include the fda's plans to develop a proposed product standard that would establish a maximum nicotine level for cigarettes and certain other combustible tobacco products. in addition, certain states and localities are considering or have passed legislation to ban flavors in one or more tobacco products, including california where a ban on the sale of most tobacco products with characterizing flavors became effective in december 2022. see operating results by business segment - tobacco space - business environment for additional information on the nature, scope and potential impacts of regulatory and legislative developments.
in june 2022, the fda issued marketing denial orders ("mdos") to juul ordering all of juul's products currently marketed in the united states off the market. in july 2022, the fda administratively stayed the mdos on a temporary basis, citing its determination that there are scientific issues unique to the juul pmta that warrant additional agency review. this administrative stay temporarily suspends the mdos, and juul's products currently remain on the market. see operating results by business segment - tobacco space - business environment - fsptca and fda regulation - fda regulatory actions - electronic nicotine delivery system products for additional information regarding the mdos. we considered, among other factors, the impact of the fda's actions in conducting our quarterly quantitative valuations of our investment in juul during 2022, which resulted in us recording non-cash, pre-tax unrealized losses of approximately $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. we will continue to monitor and consider developments in the fda's additional review, among other factors, in our quarterly quantitative valuations of juul.
the adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes have impacted global businesses, including abi, and the global markets in 2022, and we expect this dynamic to continue in 2023. abi's business has continued to be impacted by supply chain constraints across certain markets, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation, commodity cost headwinds and the russian invasion of ukraine (as evidenced by abi fully impairing its joint venture with exposure to russia and ukraine in the first quarter of 2022). additionally, the macroeconomic and geopolitical factors have contributed to significant changes in certain foreign exchange rates, including the euro to usd exchange rate, and in the global equity markets. we evaluated these and other factors related to the decline in the fair value of our equity investment in abi below its carrying value, and concluded that the decline was other than temporary, which resulted in us recording a non-cash, pre-tax charge of $2.5 billion in the third quarter of 2022. the fair value of our equity investment in abi had share price and market valuation recovery during the fourth quarter of 2022.
see note 5 and critical accounting policies for additional information on our investments in equity securities.
in october 2022, we modified our heated tobacco portfolio of smoke-free products by (i) entering into an agreement with pmi to, among other things, transition and ultimately conclude our relationship with respect to the iqos system in the united states and (ii) entering into a joint venture with japan tobacco for the u.s. marketing and commercialization of heated tobacco stick products. for further discussion of (i) the agreement with pmi, see note 4, and (ii) the joint venture, see item 1 and note 1. background and basis of presentation to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 1").
while the impairment of our equity investment in abi and reduction in the estimated fair value of our equity investment in juul had a material adverse effect on our financial results in 2022, to date, our operating companies have not experienced any material adverse effects from the trends and developments discussed above. additionally, we do not believe that these trends and developments have impacted our ability to achieve our vision. as the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments and vision.
consolidated results of operations the changes in net earnings attributable to altria and diluted earnings per share ("eps") attributable to altria for the year ended december 31, 2022, from the year ended december 31, 2021, were due primarily to the following:
