Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. Demand for applied global services' solutions are driven by Applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5G networks, smart vehicles and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Applied's results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's research, development and engineering investments across semiconductor systems and display and adjacent markets focus on the development of new unit process systems and integrated materials solutions. Areas of investment include etch, deposition, metrology and inspection, patterning, packaging and other technologies to improve chip performance, power, area, cost and time-to-market. Applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter, due to changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. The timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is also affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. Applied's ability to leverage its IT capabilities effectively supports business needs and has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company continues to prioritize existing research, development and engineering investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies. Applied's broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force. Applied's customers include manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips, liquid crystal and organic light-emitting diode displays, and other electronic devices. The semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, with industry spending driven by demand for electronic products and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes. Applied's global operations are actively managed in collaboration with its employees, customers and suppliers, particularly in response to ongoing market dynamics and external influences impacting the business environment.