2022 was a transformative year for AMD as we took several major steps that scaled and reshaped our business. In February 2022, we completed our strategic acquisition of Xilinx, Inc., which expanded our technology and product portfolio to include adaptable hardware platforms that enable hardware acceleration and rapid innovation across a variety of technologies. With the acquisition of Xilinx, we have access to a new set of markets and customers, further strengthening and diversifying our business model. In May 2022, we expanded our data center solutions capabilities with the acquisition of Pensando Systems, Inc. We now offer high-performance data processing units and a software stack that complements our existing products. Our 2022 financial results reflect the strength of our diversified business model despite the challenging PC market conditions in the second half of 2022. The increase in net revenue was driven by a 64% increase in data center segment revenue primarily due to higher sales of our EPYC server processors and a significant increase in embedded segment revenue from the prior year period driven by the inclusion of Xilinx embedded product sales. We continued executing our product technology roadmap by delivering a number of new leadership products and technologies during 2022. For data center, we launched our 4th gen AMD EPYC processors designed to deliver optimizations across market segments and applications, while helping businesses free data center resources to create additional workload processing and accelerate output. We also unveiled our 3rd gen AMD EPYC processors with AMD 3D V-Cache technology for leadership performance in technical computing workloads. The AMD Instinct ecosystem offers exascale-class technology to a broad base of high-performance computing and artificial intelligence customers, designed to address the demand for compute-accelerated data center workloads and reduce the time to insights and discoveries. In the embedded segment, we introduced the AMD Ryzen embedded R2000 series, second-generation mid-range system-on-chip processors optimized for a wide range of industrial and robotics systems. We also introduced the Kria KR260 robotics starter kit, enabling rapid development of hardware-accelerated applications for robotics and industrial communication and control. Our operating results tend to vary seasonally, and we report our financial performance based on four reportable segments: data center, client, gaming, and embedded. The significant increase in embedded net revenue was primarily driven by the inclusion of Xilinx embedded product revenue as a result of the acquisition of Xilinx. Our research and development expenses increased by 76%, primarily driven by strategic investments across all of our segments, including an increase in headcount through acquisitions and organic growth. The increase in marketing, general, and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in headcount through acquisitions and organic growth, go-to-market activities, and acquisition-related costs. Our operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities reflect our ongoing commitment to resource allocation and operational flexibility. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures and purchase commitments, over the next 12 months and beyond. The fair values of all of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values, indicating effective management of our technology resources and capabilities.