Amgen's approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We are engaging in activities and setting goals to improve our focus on diversity, inclusion and belonging, which fosters innovation and supports our ability to serve patients. Our external business development activities for 2022 included the acquisition of Chemocentryx, adding recently launched Tavneos to our inflammation portfolio. We also continued to advance our biosimilar program, with launches in new markets. Our innovative pipeline and strategic transactions are essential for maintaining operational flexibility and responding to market dynamics. The dynamics of the pandemic were most significant on our product sales in the early months, with demand beginning to show some recovery in late 2020. However, the cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic has suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, which continues to impact our business. The increase in global sales for certain products was driven by volume growth, partially offset by declines in net selling prices and unfavorable changes to foreign currency exchange rates. We expect that net selling prices will continue to decline at a portfolio level driven by increased competition. Our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment-grade credit ratings, and it places restrictions on maturities and concentration by asset class and issuer. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or syndicated credit facilities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. Our operations are subject to the tax laws, regulations and administrative practices of the United States, the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, U.S. state jurisdictions and other countries in which we do business. Significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient for any assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. We are currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2016-2018 with respect to issues similar to those for the 2010 through 2015 period. We continue to believe our accrual for income tax liabilities is appropriate based on past experience, interpretations of tax law, application of the tax law to our facts and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities; however, due to the complexity of the provision for income taxes and uncertain resolution of these matters, the ultimate outcome of any tax matters may result in payments substantially greater than amounts accrued and could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.