Arista Networks is an industry leader in data-driven, cognitive cloud networking for next-generation data center and campus workspace environments. At the core of Arista's platform is our EOS, combined with a set of network applications and our Ethernet switching and routing products using merchant silicon, delivering a cloud networking solution with high performance scale and availability, and enabling network automation, visibility, and security. We believe that cloud computing represents a fundamental shift from traditional legacy network architectures. As organizations of all sizes have moved workloads to the cloud, spending on cloud and next-generation data centers has increased rapidly, while traditional legacy IT spending has grown more slowly. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services, and industry consolidation. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. The programmability of EOS has allowed us to expand our software applications to address the ever-increasing demands of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, analytics, and network detection and response, and has further allowed us to integrate rapidly with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. This enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, prototype expenses, third-party engineering costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and continue to invest in our technology. We also believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months. Our material cash requirements will have an impact on our future liquidity. We believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from operations and from our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Our material cash requirements include purchase obligations representing an estimate of all non-cancellable open purchase orders and contractual obligations made either directly by Arista or by our contract manufacturers on our behalf, in the ordinary course of business for which we have not received the goods or services. We continue to work closely with our contract manufacturers and supply chain partners to ramp production following a period of delayed component sourcing and workforce disruptions. The increase in working capital requirements primarily consisted of an increase in inventory in response to a significant increase in business volume, increased lead times, and supply chain disruptions.