We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by, among other things, providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a seamless offering of multiple elements of travel, allowing us to provide a more tailored and flexible consumer experience, which we refer to as the "connected trip," and we expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. Our strategy to provide more payment options to consumers and travel service providers, increase the number and variety of accommodations available on booking.com, and enable our long-term connected trip strategy, booking.com increasingly processes transactions on a merchant basis, where it facilitates payments from travelers for the services provided. This allows booking.com to process transactions for travel service providers and to increase its ability to offer secure and flexible transaction terms to consumers, such as the form and timing of payment. We believe that expanding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, cloud computing costs, and outsourced data center costs. Information technology expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to increased cloud computing costs, payments to contractors, and software license fees. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our total marketing expenses, which are comprised of performance and brand marketing expenses that are substantially variable in nature, were $6.0 billion in 2022, up 58% versus 2021 and up 21% versus 2019 as a result of the improving demand environment and our efforts to invest in marketing. Our performance marketing expense, which represents a substantial majority of our marketing expense, is primarily related to the use of online search engines, meta-search and travel research services, and affiliate marketing to generate traffic to our platforms. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings. We have observed an overall longer-term trend of an increasing mix of room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties as consumer demand for these types of properties has grown, and as we have increased the number and variety of alternative accommodation properties available to consumers on booking.com. The competition for technology talent in our industry is intense, including among established technology companies, startups, and companies transitioning to digital, and this level of competition could continue in the future. As a result of the competitive labor market and inflationary pressure on compensation, our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent are increasing, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our financial results are driven by certain operating metrics that encompass the booking and other business activity generated by our travel and travel-related services. We rely on marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Our marketing expenses, which are substantially variable in nature, increased significantly in 2022 compared to 2021, due primarily to the continued improvement in travel demand as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic lessened in 2022 versus 2021. Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, but because we report our results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results and the financial condition of our businesses outside of the U.S. are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars.