Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The COVID-19 pandemic affected our operating businesses in varying ways and degrees, particularly in 2020 and 2021. Significant disruptions of supply chains and higher costs emerged in 2021 and persisted in 2022. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of these events on our businesses. Our insurance businesses possess two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett, and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories. Time-value-of-money is an important element in establishing prices for these contracts. We normally receive all premiums at the contract inception date, which are immediately available for investment. Ultimate claim payments can extend for decades and are expected to exceed premiums, producing underwriting losses over the claim settlement periods. We believe that investment gains and losses on investments in equity securities, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported quarterly or annual results or evaluating the economic performance of our operating businesses. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We maintain significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 as more guidance becomes available. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. Our claim liability estimates recorded at the end of 2021 were reduced by $653 million during 2022, which produced a corresponding increase to pre-tax earnings. We believe there are no coverage disputes at this time for which an adverse resolution would likely have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. We believe it is reasonably possible that average claims severities will change by at least one percentage point from the projected severities used in establishing the recorded liabilities at December 31, 2022.