In 2022, we continued to invest in both our family of apps and our metaverse efforts based on our company priorities. Our advertising revenue was impacted by a reduction in advertising demand during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by reduced marketer spending due to a more challenging macroeconomic environment and limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to iOS and the regulatory environment. We rely on targeting and measurement tools that incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users. As a result, we have implemented, and will continue to implement, changes to our products and user data practices, which reduce our ability to effectively target and measure ads. We are developing privacy-enhancing technologies to deliver relevant ads and measurement capabilities while reducing the amount of personal information we process, including by relying more on anonymized or aggregated third-party data. In addition, we are developing tools that enable marketers to share their data into our systems, as well as ad products that generate more valuable signals within our apps. We are making significant investments in artificial intelligence and machine learning to improve our delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities. Our financial results and key community metrics for 2022 reflect our ongoing commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities and infrastructure. We initiated several measures to pursue greater efficiency and to realign our business and strategic priorities, including a pivot towards a next-generation data center design. Our restructuring efforts included a layoff of approximately 11,000 employees and a focus on cost management initiatives. We expect that investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and headcount will continue to drive expense growth in 2023, which will adversely affect our operating margin and profitability. Our reported headcount includes a substantial majority of the approximately 11,000 employees impacted by the layoff announced in November 2022. The increase in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure has been a significant factor in our financial performance. We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $30 billion to $33 billion in 2023, primarily directed toward developing our family of apps and enhancing our technology infrastructure. The majority of our investments are directed toward developing our family of apps, which includes expenses related to headcount, data centers, and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. Our investments in the metaverse include developing virtual and augmented reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies for the metaverse. We believe this is the next chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators. The impact of severance and other personnel costs recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022 was not material after offsetting with the savings from the decreases in payroll, bonus, and other benefits expenses. We continue to innovate our advertising tools to help marketers prepare campaigns and connect with consumers, including developing growing formats such as reels ads and our business messaging ad products. The challenges posed by regulatory developments and changes in mobile operating systems necessitate ongoing adaptation and investment in our technology capabilities to maintain competitive advantage and operational efficiency.