Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. The industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models, presenting opportunities to conceive new products and technologies that can further transform the industry and our business. We push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, as we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment and the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, and enterprise services, allowing management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance. Microsoft cloud revenue increased driven by Azure and other cloud services, while productivity and business processes revenue increased driven by Office 365 commercial and LinkedIn. The metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends, which assess the health of our core businesses within these segments. Operating expenses increased driven by investments in cloud engineering, LinkedIn, gaming, and commercial sales. Our products and services are generally sold with a right of return, and we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. We have made significant investments in cloud engineering, gaming, and LinkedIn, which are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and operational efficiency. Our research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development, and we have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved. The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty, and we evaluate the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings, and we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology. Our fair value processes include controls designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded, which enhance our information management capability and support our strategic resource allocation decisions. The changing demands of customers and users necessitate a continuous evolution of our IT capabilities, ensuring we remain responsive to market dynamics and competitive forces.