To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. Our consolidated gross margin percentage increased to 45% for 2022 from 38% for 2021, as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products, primarily due to reductions in manufacturing costs. Manufacturing cost reductions were driven by strong execution in ramping our 1α DRAM and 176-layer NAND technology nodes. We expect that inflationary pressure will continue to be a headwind to costs in the first quarter of 2023. To address our elevated inventory levels and reduce supply growth, in the first quarter of 2023, we are selectively reducing facility utilization in both DRAM and NAND. As part of our plan, in September 2022, we broke ground on a leading-edge memory manufacturing fab in Boise, Idaho. Construction of the fab is expected to begin in calendar 2023 with DRAM production targeted to start in calendar 2025. In addition, in October 2022, we announced plans to build a second leading-edge DRAM manufacturing fab in Clay, New York. We plan to start site preparation work in calendar 2023 and expect construction to begin in calendar 2024, with production anticipated to ramp in the latter half of the decade. We expect these new fabs to fulfill our requirements for additional wafer capacity starting in the second half of the decade and beyond, in line with industry demand trends. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. Cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect, from time to time, to engage in a variety of financing transactions for such purposes, including the issuance of securities. Funding of certain significant capital projects is also dependent on the receipt of government incentives, which are subject to conditions and may not be obtained. Our cash and investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. We are in the process of assessing whether the book minimum tax would impact our effective tax rate. Various tax reforms are being considered in multiple jurisdictions that, if enacted, contain provisions that could increase our tax expense. We continue to monitor the potential impact of these various tax reform proposals to our overall global effective tax rate and financial statements. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. We also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition. We base fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. An accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.