The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to a $386 million increase in personnel-related costs. Technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining, and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising, and infrastructure. We have built our own global content delivery network ("Open Connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to Open Connect, payroll and related personnel expenses, and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing, and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery, and personnel-related costs, as well as for strategic acquisitions and investments. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. The payments for content assets decreased $810 million, from $17,469 million to $16,660 million, or 5%, as compared to the increase in the amortization of content assets of $1,796 million, from $12,230 million to $14,026 million, or 15%. We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. The accounting for tax incentives is dependent on the particular type of incentive, including the nature of the benefit and the location the incentive is earned. In general, tax incentives are realized as cash receipts and may be received prior to or after a title launches on our service. Upon a title's launch, any amounts we are eligible for through qualified production spend but have not received are recognized in "other current assets" or "other non-current assets" on the consolidated balance sheets as receivables. We derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. We offer a variety of streaming membership plans, the price of which varies by country and the features of the plan. The increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulted from our price changes, partially offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies. The COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. Recently, there has been a return to more normal societal interactions, including the way we operate our business. We cannot predict the future impacts of this ongoing and any new pandemic(s). Our ability to obtain financing will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. We anticipate that our future capital needs from the debt market will be more limited compared to prior years. Our business model is subscription-based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. We believe constant currency information is useful in analyzing the underlying trends in average monthly revenue per paying membership.