Oracle provides products and services that address enterprise information technology (IT) environments. Our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. These models include on-premise deployments, cloud-based deployments, and hybrid deployments. We offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service, and deployment combinations that best suit our customers' needs. Our cloud and license business markets, sells, and delivers a broad spectrum of enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies through our cloud and license offerings. Revenue streams included in our cloud and license business are cloud services and license support revenues, which include license support revenues earned by providing Oracle license support services to customers that have elected to purchase support services in connection with the purchase of Oracle applications and infrastructure software licenses for use in cloud, on-premise, and other IT environments. Substantially all license support customers renew their support contracts with us upon expiration to continue to benefit from technical support services and the periodic issuance of unspecified updates and enhancements. Our cloud services revenues provide customers access to Oracle cloud applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud-based deployment models that Oracle develops, provides unspecified updates and enhancements for, deploys, hosts, manages, and supports. The proportion of our cloud services and license support revenues relative to our cloud license and on-premise license revenues has increased, and we expect this trend to continue. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including customer satisfaction with our offerings, the continued renewal of our cloud services and license support customer contracts, and our ability to manage Oracle cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of, and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. Our hardware business provides a broad selection of enterprise hardware products and hardware-related software products, including Oracle engineered systems, servers, storage, and industry-specific hardware offerings. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, broad sets of intellectual property, and best practices. We continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy, as we may acquire companies, products, services, and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies that are delivered through various deployment models. We continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our own sales force and also market certain of our offerings through indirect channels. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods, and we expect this growth to continue as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations to meet current and expected customer demand.