We empower enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to protect themselves against today's most sophisticated cyber threats. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by industry-leading artificial intelligence and automation. We are a leading provider of zero trust solutions that start with the next generation of zero trust network access to secure remote workforces and extend into securing all users, applications, and infrastructure with zero trust principles. Our security solutions are designed to reduce customers' total cost of ownership by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues and new revenues as we continue to grow our end-customer base. We maintain a field sales force that works closely with our channel partners in developing sales opportunities. Our product revenue grew to $1.4 billion or 24.8% of total revenue for fiscal 2022, representing year-over-year growth of 21.7%. Our subscription and support revenue grew to $4.1 billion or 75.2% of total revenue for fiscal 2022, representing year-over-year growth of 32.0%. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, and we strive to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, in part, by providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while working remotely. Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to grow our customer base, increase touch points with end-customers, and expand our global presence. Our operating activities have consisted of net losses adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations is receipts from our product revenue and subscription and support revenue. The increase in research and development expense was driven by increased shared costs and third-party product development costs. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on the factors described above. We account for multiple agreements with a single customer as a single contract if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract. Our appliances and software licenses have significant standalone functionalities and capabilities and, accordingly, are distinct from our subscriptions and support services, as the customer can benefit from the product without these services and such services are separately identifiable within the contract.