Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The board receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the company's strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption and digitalization. We are driven by an approach called pep+ (pepsico positive). Pep+ is a strategic end-to-end transformation of our business, with sustainability and human capital at the center of how the company will strive to create growth and value by operating within planetary boundaries and inspiring positive change for the planet and people. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. To identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. The Pepsico risk committee (PRC) meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. The PRC is also responsible for reporting progress on our risk mitigation efforts to the board. The PRC is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically diverse, senior management group, including Pepsico's chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, sector chief executive officers and the heads of corporate affairs, human resources, research & development, information technology, sustainability, strategy, transformation, international beverages, commercial, global operations, marketing and financial planning & analysis. The board has tasked designated committees of the board with oversight of certain categories of risk management, and the committees report to the board regularly on these matters. Given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the committees of the board, the board believes it is useful and effective for the full board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. The board receives updates through presentations, memos and other written materials, teleconferences and other appropriate means of communication, with numerous opportunities for discussion and feedback, and continuously evaluates its approach in addressing top risks as circumstances evolve. Our operations in russia accounted for 5% and 4% of our consolidated net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. The ongoing conflict could result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets or additional impairment charges. We cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will continue to affect our employees, customers, operations or business partners or our ability to achieve certain of our sustainability goals. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws or regulations. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth.