In 2022, we experienced strong demand and low vacancy in the global logistics markets, which drove increases in market rents, translating into significant rent change on rollover and same-store growth in our operating portfolio. Our operating results were robust, and we ended the year in a solid financial position despite challenging headwinds from capital markets, ongoing inflation, and rising interest rates. We expect some decline in asset valuations in 2023 and will continue to be disciplined in evaluating capital deployment activities, including a focus on build-to-suit developments. Our strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset management and property management services, which fluctuate due to changes in portfolio size and the fair value of properties. We also allocate costs of property management and leasing functions based on the square footage of the relative portfolios. Our investment in the development portfolio was $4.2 billion at December 31, 2022, with a total estimated investment of $7.5 billion when completed and leased. We plan to continue allocating capital in 2023 to renovate and modernize our operating portfolio, including sustainable and efficient building features. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities and distributions from co-investment ventures is considered adequate to meet anticipated future development and acquisition requirements. The Duke transaction, completed in October 2022, involved the issuance of equity and assumption of debt, significantly impacting our financial position. We assess our business operations based on net operating income (NOI) of our two operating segments: real estate and strategic capital, which helps management and investors understand our operating results. The strategic capital segment's revenues are influenced by the size of portfolios through acquisitions and dispositions, as well as the timing of promotes. We evaluate our business and review our operating fundamentals on an owned and managed basis, which includes consolidated properties and properties owned by our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Our same-store metrics are used to analyze ongoing business operations, and we manage our business based on the same-store results of our operating portfolio. We recognize net earnings from unconsolidated entities, which can be impacted by variances in revenues and expenses, the size and occupancy rate of the portfolio, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our general and administrative expenses increased in 2022 due to inflationary pressures and higher compensation expenses. We capitalize certain internal costs related to development and building improvement activities. Our liquidity and capital resources overview indicates that we expect to fund cash needs from various sources, including fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures and proceeds from property dispositions. We are engaged in negotiations for the acquisition or disposition of properties and have equity commitments related to certain co-investment ventures. Our critical accounting policies involve estimates that require management judgment about the effect of uncertain matters on our financial condition and results of operations. We assess the carrying values of long-lived assets whenever events indicate that the carrying amounts may not be fully recoverable, which is influenced by our intent to sell properties in the near term. We utilize funds from operations as a non-GAAP financial measure to assess our operating performance, excluding certain items that may not reflect our core operating performance over the long term.