We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products, with our business and operating segments organized on the basis of products and services. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The increase in research and development expenses in fiscal 2022 was driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies, primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses. We believe that 5G combined with high-performance, low-power processing and on-device intelligence will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. Our QCT revenues increased primarily due to an increase in average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products along with higher integrated circuit shipments in handsets. We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China, and current U.S./China trade relations may negatively impact our business, growth prospects, and results of operations. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. Our principal sources of liquidity include existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash generated from operations, and cash provided by our debt programs. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly. Our purchase obligations primarily relate to purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products, including those under multi-year capacity commitments, and certain other expenses, some of which relate to research and development activities and capital expenditures. We expect continued weakness in the macroeconomic environment, which will negatively impact consumer demand for smartphones and other devices that incorporate our products and technologies. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with our expected cash flow generated from operations and expected financing activities, will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. Our research and development expenditures were $8.2 billion in fiscal 2022, reflecting our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities and supporting business needs. We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments, and we assess the business impacts that COVID-19 had on our investees. We believe that our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources to further organizational goals, and we continue to focus on enhancing our information management capability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access.