Technology is the foundation of our company, and we make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of these advantages. Our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements: a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products, discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities, and efficiency, which means constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. Together, these competitive advantages help position the company in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its effects are impacting and will likely continue to impact market conditions and business operations across industries worldwide, including at our company. Therefore, we remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years and continue to monitor potential impact on our operations. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products, and we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling our products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best long-term growth opportunities. Our investments in R&D and SG&A reflect our commitment to enhancing our capabilities and responding to changing market dynamics. We also recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our capital expenditures are expected to be higher than historical levels as we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning. The U.S. Chips and Science Act provides funding for manufacturing grants and research investments, which we expect to leverage as part of our strategic resource allocation. Our results of operations provide details of our financial results and highlight our focus on operational efficiency and market responsiveness. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers and will continue to do so. Our cash flow from operations underscores the strength of our business model, and we believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. We consider our accounting policies to be important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment, particularly in the areas of income taxes and inventory valuation allowances. The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws, and significant judgment is necessary to determine the likelihood of sustaining tax positions. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates due to changes in customer demand, technology shifts, and other factors.