We continue to execute our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, focusing on the parts of our market that value our integrated global network and building capabilities that matter to our customers. We are shifting our strategic framework to better and bolder by seeking to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities to drive new services, while at the same time increasing efficiencies and remaining disciplined with capital allocation. We completed the acquisition of delivery solutions, a digital platform that optimizes customer deliveries across multiple networks, and the acquisition of Bomi Group, which will accelerate our growth in healthcare logistics by expanding our footprint and bringing additional expertise in cold chain logistics. We have two reportable segments: U.S. domestic package and international package, which are together referred to as our global small package operations. In the U.S. domestic package segment, revenue growth resulted from higher fuel revenue, driven by increases in both price per gallon and in fuel surcharge rates as part of our pricing initiatives, as well as improvements in revenue quality and customer mix. In our international package segment, revenue increased slightly, driven by fuel revenue, revenue quality actions and favorable shifts in customer and product mix. We expect overall average daily volume year-over-year growth rates will continue to decline in the first half of 2023 and then grow through the remainder of the year as economic conditions improve. Operating expenses increased year over year, driven by higher fuel prices and higher compensation and benefits expense, primarily in our U.S. domestic package segment. We anticipate that the cost per piece growth rate will be elevated in the first quarter of 2023 and will then moderate throughout the remainder of the year. We expect our productivity initiatives will continue to help offset rising compensation and benefit costs. We supplement the presentation of our operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of transformation strategy costs. We believe excluding the impact of these charges better enables users of our financial statements to view underlying business performance from the perspective of management. Our current investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1.0 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals. Total capital expenditures increased in 2022, primarily due to spending on buildings, facilities and plant equipment, largely due to facility automation and capacity expansion projects in our global small package business. Information technology expenditures increased due to additional deployments of technology equipment and continuing investments in our digital capabilities and network automation. We expect our capital expenditures will be approximately $5.3 billion in 2023, of which approximately 50 percent will be allocated to expansion projects. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations. Our strategic execution strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in the generation of strong cash flows for the year. We anticipate these factors will continue to impact us into 2023. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures and pension contributions. We expect inflation and other market factors will continue to impact compensation cost in certain parts of our business in 2023.