We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, focusing on specialty markets. Our strategy involves combining transformative advances in the understanding of causal human biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop innovative medicines. This approach includes advancing multiple compounds from each program into early clinical trials to obtain patient data that can inform the selection of the most promising compounds for later-stage development. We aim to rapidly follow our first-in-class therapies that achieve proof-of-concept with potential best-in-class candidates to provide durable clinical and commercial success. We invest in research and development to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. To supplement our internal research programs, we acquire technologies and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, and other organizations to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest. Our business requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products, as we build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require additional investments in different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our strategy involves obtaining and maintaining appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain expanded reimbursement for our CF medicines and pipeline therapies in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We seek to acquire products, product candidates, and other technologies that align with our corporate and research and development strategies. Our collaboration agreements with various companies include upfront payments, and we expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies. We dedicate substantial management resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for the research and development of our products and product candidates. We expect our development expenses to continue to increase as a result of our advancing pipeline programs. Our research expenses have been increasing as we invest in our pipeline and expand our cell and genetic therapy capabilities. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, and the duration of clinical trials may vary substantially according to the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidate.