AbbVie uses its expertise, dedicated people, and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. The company's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. Following the closing of the Allergan acquisition in 2020, AbbVie implemented an integration plan designed to reduce costs, integrate and optimize the combined organization. As a result of the successful execution of the integration plan, AbbVie realized $2.5 billion of annual cost synergies in 2022. To achieve these integration objectives, AbbVie incurred total cumulative charges of $2.3 billion through 2022. AbbVie continues to closely manage manufacturing and supply chain resources around the world to help ensure that patients continue to receive an uninterrupted supply of their medicines. The company intends to execute its strategy and advance its mission by leveraging AbbVie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. AbbVie expects to achieve its strategic objectives through revenue growth driven by increasing market share and indication expansion, advancing its hematologic oncology portfolio, and maximizing its existing eye care portfolio. The company’s long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. AbbVie's pipeline currently includes over 80 compounds, devices, or indications in development, focused on important specialties such as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, and eye care. The company expects multiple mid-stage programs to transition into late-stage programs in the next 12 months. AbbVie believes that the non-GAAP measure of change in net revenues at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the GAAP measure of change in net revenues at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another. The effective income tax rates for these periods also reflected the benefit from U.S. tax credits principally related to research and development credits. AbbVie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. The company regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans, and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. AbbVie has a $4.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility that enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants. The company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements, and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives. Changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes to one or a number of inputs, including discount rates, the probabilities of achieving the milestones, and estimated future sales. The estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views.