The company's strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development and distribution expansion and to achieve efficiencies by modernizing its technology and streamlining its operations. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward these objectives. The company continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and the use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance applications by allowing the customer and an operator to see the same screen through their smart devices. Further, the company continues to utilize its virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online. The company has designed its discount rate methodology for both the U.S. and Japan insurance business, and the adoption of new accounting guidance will not impact financial statements for Aflac Japan under FSA requirements or for Aflac U.S. under applicable statutory requirements. The global information security program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan that is designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. The company employs policy reserve matching investment strategies, which is a Japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces SMR interest rate sensitivity since PRM-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. The company has created a robust governance framework to support implementation of the updated standard. The company has also completed the modernization of its actuarial technology platform to enhance its modeling, data management, experience study, and analytical capabilities, increase the end-to-end automation of key reporting and analytical processes, and optimize its control framework. The company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives, and preserving shareholder value. The company seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, a U.S. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen, and a portfolio of unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The company has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loans. The company is also a signatory to the principles for responsible investment, a global framework for incorporating environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations into investment and ownership decisions. The company believes its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. The company has also put in place internal controls related to the new processes created as part of implementing the updated standard. The company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings. The company evaluates the company's financial performance both including and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation to monitor cumulative currency impacts and the currency-neutral operating performance over time. The company intends to maintain a minimum SMR of 500% for Aflac Japan and a target combined RBC over time of approximately 400% for Aflac U.S., consistent with the company's risk management practices.