The preparation of financial statements requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. The accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions are related to the determination of loss reserves, future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts, and the valuation of embedded derivative liabilities for fixed index annuity and life products. Our insurance companies may use both treaty and facultative reinsurance to minimize their net loss exposure to any single catastrophic loss event or to an accumulation of losses from a number of smaller events or to provide greater diversification of our businesses. We have an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our firm-wide risk appetite. The enterprise risk management department supervises and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a consolidated view of AIG's major risk positions. The operational risk management function oversees adherence to the operational risk policy and risk and control framework, which includes risk identification, assessment, measurement, management, and monitoring of operational risk exposures. The investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit by targeting an asset allocation mix that supports estimated cash flows of our outstanding liabilities and provides diversification from an asset class, sector, issuer, and geographic perspective. Our investment strategies are assessed at the segment level and involve considerations that include local and general market and economic conditions, duration and cash flow management, risk appetite and volatility constraints, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations, tax, regulatory and legal investment limitations, and, as applicable, environmental, social, and governance considerations. We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio selection and asset-liability management, including spread management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities. We utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure associated with changes in levels of interest rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equity prices, and other risks. Our credit risk management department closely reviews the credit quality of the foreign portfolio's non-rated fixed maturity securities. We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in market risk drivers, including equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, and inflation. We have established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy to monitor and manage risk exposures. The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches. We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk, and we actively analyze the latest climate science and policies to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models, and strategic planning.