We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. Our brokerage segment generates revenues by identifying, negotiating, and placing all forms of insurance or reinsurance coverage, as well as providing risk-shifting, risk-sharing, and risk-mitigation consulting services. We provide management and administrative services to captives, pools, risk-retention groups, healthcare exchanges, and small underwriting enterprises, including claims and loss processing assistance, feasibility studies, actuarial studies, data analytics, and other administrative services. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. Our ability to generate additional tax credits from our clean energy investments ended in December 2021, and we do not expect to generate any revenue or earnings from such investments in 2023 unless Congress reinstates the law allowing for such tax credits. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $200.0 million in 2023, part of which is related to expenditures on information technology and software development projects. We utilize various models to determine the value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, such as discounted cash flow to value amortizable intangible assets. We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control of a business is obtained, 100% of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. We believe that the adjusted non-GAAP presentation of our information provides stockholders and other interested persons with useful information regarding certain financial metrics that may assist in analyzing our operating results as they develop a future earnings outlook for us. Our ability to generate additional tax credits from our clean energy investments ended in December 2021. We expect to fund the acquisition of Buck via free cash flow and short-term borrowings, and we anticipate that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted, for our non-cash expenses, which include depreciation, amortization, change in estimated acquisition earnout payables, deferred compensation, restricted stock, and stock-based and other non-cash compensation expenses. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualified for tax credits under IRC Section 45. We anticipate positive net cash flow related to IRC Section 45 activity in 2023, although there are several variables that can impact net cash flow from clean energy investments in any given year. We believe that we have sufficient capital and access to additional capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs.