In February 2022, we completed our strategic acquisition of Xilinx, Inc., which expanded our technology and product portfolio to include adaptable hardware platforms that enable hardware acceleration and rapid innovation across a variety of technologies and established AMD in multiple embedded markets where we have traditionally not had a significant presence. With the acquisition of Xilinx, we have access to a new set of markets and customers, further strengthening and diversifying our business model. In May 2022, we expanded our data center solutions capabilities with the acquisition of Pensando Systems, Inc. We now offer high-performance data processing units and a software stack that complements our existing products. With the Xilinx and Pensando acquisitions, we are well positioned to provide the industry's broadest set of leadership compute engines and accelerators to help enable best performance, security, flexibility, and total cost of ownership for leading-edge data centers. Our 2022 financial results reflect the strength of our diversified business model despite the challenging PC market conditions in the second half of 2022. We continued executing our product technology roadmap by delivering a number of new leadership products and technologies during 2022. For data center, we launched our 4th Gen AMD EPYC processors with next-generation architecture, technology, and features, designed to deliver optimizations across market segments and applications while helping businesses free data center resources to create additional workload processing and accelerate output. We also unveiled our 3rd Gen AMD EPYC processors with AMD 3D V-Cache technology for leadership performance in technical computing workloads. Together, the AMD Instinct and ROCm ecosystem offers exascale-class technology to a broad base of high-performance computing and artificial intelligence customers, designed to address the demand for compute-accelerated data center workloads and reduce the time to insights and discoveries. We introduced the AMD Ryzen embedded R2000 series, second-generation mid-range system-on-chip processors optimized for a wide range of industrial and robotics systems, machine vision, IoT, and thin-client equipment. The introduction of the AMD Ryzen 7000 series desktop processors powered by the new "Zen 4" architecture for gamers, enthusiasts, and content creators further illustrates our commitment to innovation and technology deployment. Our operating results tend to vary seasonally, and we report our financial performance based on the following four reportable segments: data center, client, gaming, and embedded. The increase in data center operating income was primarily driven by higher revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses. The significant increase in embedded net revenue was primarily driven by the inclusion of Xilinx embedded product revenue as a result of the acquisition of Xilinx in February 2022. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash flows from operations along with our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures and purchase commitments, over the next 12 months and beyond. Our strategic investments across all of our segments, including an increase in headcount through acquisitions and organic growth, demonstrate our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities and operational efficiency.