Amgen's approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas: inflammation, oncology/hematology and general medicine. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Rising healthcare costs, uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including higher inflation and rising interest rates, and geopolitical conflicts continue to pose challenges to our business. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our innovative pipeline is advancing, and we are focused on maintaining operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation to adapt to market dynamics. We monitor the impact of external influences on our business, including changes in the healthcare ecosystem and competitive actions from biosimilars and generics. Our investment choices reflect a commitment to enhancing our technology capabilities and operational efficiency, which are critical for sustaining competitive advantage. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. Our compensation, benefits and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to company values, and align with the interests of the company's shareholders. We have achieved key regulatory approvals and continue to advance our biosimilar program, which is expected to launch in new markets. Our financial activities, including cash flows from operating activities, support investment in our business while returning capital to shareholders through the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases. The dynamics of the pandemic were most significant on our product sales in the early months, with demand beginning to show some recovery in late 2020. However, the cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic has suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, impacting our business. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in providing care for patients and in supplying investigational drug supply. Our investment in innovation, both internally and externally, is a strategic priority, as is our commitment to advancing our environmental sustainability efforts. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. We are committed to optimizing our capital structure while continuing to invest in our business and returning capital to stockholders.