The products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. We operate our business in the broader context of the macroeconomic forces around us, including the competitive environment, client and customer activities and preferences, and the various regulatory and legislative developments. Accordingly, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors" - and other factors as discussed herein. The business, political and regulatory environments in which we operate are subject to elevated uncertainty and substantial, frequent change. Management believes that adjusted operating measures, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitate a more meaningful trend analysis. Our financial targets include adjusted operating earnings per diluted share growth of 12% to 15%, and adjusted operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income of over 30%. We have been operating in a historically low interest rate environment but have recently experienced a substantial increase in rates with uncertainty about where rates will go in the future. The ability to maintain our unaffiliated third-party distribution channels and the impacts of sales of unaffiliated products are critical to our operations. We utilize three primary levers to manage our long-term care business, including an active approach of steadily increasing rates, a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks, and prudent management of our investment portfolio. Our corporate actuarial department calculates the fair value of the embedded derivatives on a monthly basis, and during this process, control checks are performed to validate the completeness of the data. The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives is reviewed monthly with senior management. Our effective tax rate was 19.6% for 2022 compared to 17.6% for the prior year. We have access to collateralized borrowings, which may include repurchase agreements and federal home loan bank advances. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements. We expect to be an applicable corporation required to compute the corporate alternative minimum tax; however, we have not determined if we will be liable for the tax in 2023. We have extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior, and we perform a thorough policyholder behavior analysis at least annually to validate the assumptions included in our benefit reserve, embedded derivative and deferred acquisition cost balances. We believe cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, our availability of revolver borrowings, access to debt markets, and dividends from our subsidiaries will be sufficient to fund our short-term and long-term operating liquidity needs and stress requirements. The ability to analyze differences in experience, such as presence of a living benefit rider, existence of surrender charges, and tax qualifications provide us an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. The results of operations of the consolidated investment entities are reflected in the corporate & other segment, and while the consolidation of the CIEs impacts our balance sheet and income statement, our exposure to these entities is unchanged and there is no impact to the underlying business results.