Our management's discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about business outlook, which are based on management's expectations and assumptions as of the date of this annual report. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. We have built a reputation for our innovative culture, operational excellence, and commitment to safety and the environment. Our passionate, talented, and committed employees are driven by our higher purpose to create innovative solutions that benefit the environment, enhance sustainability, and address the challenges facing customers, communities, and the world. Our gases, equipment, and applications expertise enable our customers to improve their sustainability performance by increasing productivity, producing better quality products, reducing energy use, and lowering emissions. We also develop, engineer, build, own, and operate some of the world's largest industrial gas and carbon-capture projects, supplying clean hydrogen that will support global transportation, industrial markets, and the broader energy transition away from fossil fuels. We expect several new projects to contribute to our results in 2023, including the second phase of jigpc's gasification and power project. Sustainability is our growth strategy, and we have the financial capacity to support our zero- and low-carbon hydrogen projects. We believe there will be additional opportunities for clean hydrogen and carbon capture technologies, which are further supported by the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Our ability to complete projects and recover the carrying value of assets could be impacted by future events. Our on-site business model, which has contractual protection from energy cost fluctuations, continues to provide stable cash flow. The financial measures discussed are presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), except as noted. We present certain financial measures on an adjusted, or non-GAAP, basis because we believe such measures provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our historical financial performance. We continue to evaluate the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act on our business. Our management has reviewed critical accounting policies and estimates that require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. The estimated economic useful life of an asset is monitored to determine its appropriateness, especially when business circumstances change. Changes in technology, changes in the estimated future demand for products, excessive wear and tear, or unanticipated government actions may result in a shorter estimated useful life than originally anticipated. We use reasonable and supportable assumptions when performing impairment reviews and cannot predict the occurrence of future events and circumstances that could result in impairment charges. The majority of our investments are ventures with other industrial gas companies, and we review our equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. We utilize the income approach to estimate the fair value of our investments, which considers the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the investee.