We are a global technology leader that designs, develops, and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based information technology solutions and services, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our ability to predict the impact of the pandemic on our business remains limited, and its effects on our business are unlikely to be fully realized until future periods. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Our semiconductor solutions segment includes all of our product lines and intellectual property licensing. Our infrastructure software segment includes our mainframe, distributed, and cyber security solutions, and our fibre channel storage area networking business. We have established strong relationships with leading original equipment manufacturer customers across multiple target markets. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand. Our ability to fund our requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022. Our debt and liquidity needs will increase as a result of the pending VMware merger, and we intend to fund the cash portion of the consideration with new, fully committed debt financing. Our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective, or complex judgments by management. We assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility, as well as the committed debt funding related to the pending VMware merger, will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months.