We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support long-term growth initiatives. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to our supply chain initiatives, which includes expanded hub and mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and new stores. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. We anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements and stock repurchases. During fiscal 2022, we achieved record net income of $2.4 billion, an 11.9% increase over the prior year, and sales growth of $1.6 billion, an 11.1% increase over the prior year. Domestic commercial sales increased 26.5%, which represents 28.8% of our domestic auto parts sales. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to inflation, fuel costs, wage rates, supply chain disruptions, hiring and other economic conditions. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. Additionally, there is increased demand for used vehicles as a result of new vehicle inventory shortages. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. We believe this increase is due to the nation returning to pre-pandemic levels, but we are unable to predict if this increase will continue, due to rising fuel prices, general macroeconomic conditions, or otherwise. We believe the two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long-term are miles driven and the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road. We have also experienced continued accelerated pressure on wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2022. The regulatory changes are expected to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase employees' wages substantially over the next few years. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to our supply chain initiatives, which includes expanded hub and mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and new stores. We invest a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable debt securities. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due and fund our share repurchases over the short-term and long-term. We believe our adjusted after-tax return on invested capital is an important indicator of our overall operating performance. Our adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense ratio was 2.1:1 as compared to 2.0:1 as of the comparable prior year end. We target our debt levels to a specified ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings. We have repurchased a total of 152.5 million shares at an aggregate cost of $30.1 billion. We will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases under our share repurchase program as we deem appropriate.