Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We connect consumers who wish to make travel reservations with travel service providers around the world through our online platforms. We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by, among other things, providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a seamless offering of multiple elements of travel, allowing us to provide a more tailored and flexible consumer experience, which we refer to as the "connected trip," and we expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. We believe that expanding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. The competition for technology talent in our industry is intense, including among established technology companies, startups, and companies transitioning to digital, and this level of competition could continue in the future. As a result of the competitive labor market and inflationary pressure on compensation, our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent are increasing, which may adversely affect our results of operations. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, cloud computing costs and outsourced data center costs, payments to contractors, and data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to increased cloud computing costs, payments to contractors, and software license fees. We have observed an overall longer-term trend of an increasing mix of room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties as consumer demand for these types of properties has grown, and as we have increased the number and variety of alternative accommodation properties available to consumers on booking.com. Our global adrs increased approximately 25%, on a constant currency basis, in 2022 as compared to 2019, driven primarily by higher adrs for accommodations located in Europe as well as increases in adrs across all other regions as compared to 2019. The year-over-year increase in gross bookings in 2022 was due primarily to the increase in room nights and the increase in accommodation adrs of approximately 15% on a constant-currency basis, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. We derive substantially all of our revenues from enabling consumers to make travel service reservations. We also earn revenues from advertising services, restaurant reservations and restaurant management services, and various other services, such as travel-related insurance revenues. Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, but because we report our results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results and the financial condition of our businesses outside of the U.S. are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars. We generally enter into derivative instruments to minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use consumer experience are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation.