BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. The company leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. BlackRock is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index, and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. BlackRock's strategy remains to accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology, delivering whole portfolio solutions and becoming a leader in sustainable investing. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock is creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, and trading systems, to provide a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. The company is also investing to scale Aladdin for its next leg of growth through the migration of Aladdin from BlackRock-hosted data centers to the cloud, expected to bring enhanced capabilities and support greater computing scale and flexibility for clients. Through this migration and BlackRock's strategic partnership with Snowflake, the company is building Aladdin Data Cloud, a next-generation solution that integrates Aladdin and non-Aladdin data, allowing clients to access and use data across their organization, unlocking their full potential for collaboration, creativity, and innovation. BlackRock's long-term strategy includes a focus on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions, which encompasses a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. Digital wealth tools are an important component of BlackRock's retail strategy, as the company scales and customizes model portfolios, extends Aladdin Wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management powered by Aladdin. BlackRock's management believes that the company's liquid assets, continuing cash flows from operations, and borrowing capacity under existing credit facilities provide sufficient resources to meet short-term and long-term cash needs, including operating, debt, and other obligations. The company is committed to providing clients with choice and executing in accordance with their chosen objectives, aligning with expected future client demand for attractive yields in fixed income, outsourcing solutions, ETFs, private markets, and Aladdin technology, which are expected to shape growth opportunities going forward. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the firm to invest for the long term by balancing investments for future growth with prudent discretionary expense management.