The following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of Boston Scientific Corporation and its subsidiaries. Economic trends and uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, monetary policy, and changes in tax laws could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. Existing and future potential geopolitical dynamics may create economic, supply chain, energy, and other challenges, which impact, and may in the future negatively impact our business. In particular, international conflicts may result in sanctions, tariffs, and other measures that restrict international trade and negatively affect our business operations and results. We experienced increases in cost and limited availability of raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain. In 2023, we expect the impact of macroeconomic and supply chain conditions on our business to be similar to 2022. We remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. Our R&D expenses increased as a result of targeted investments across our businesses, and we expect to continue to make investments in clinical trials and innovative technologies to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will address unmet clinical needs and contribute to profitable sales growth. We have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise-level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors. Cybersecurity issues, including those involving vulnerabilities introduced by our use of third-party software, are analyzed by subject matter experts and a crisis committee for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks. We have taken steps to better understand our readiness, including the resilience of our critical business functions, with the goal of reducing the impact if such an event were to occur. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We believe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level. The 2023 restructuring plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. The implementation of the 2023 restructuring plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by a significant amount by the end of 2025 as program benefits are realized. We expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in risk factors, which could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. The use of non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted net income and operational net sales, provides investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allows investors to see our results through the eyes of management.