Cadence is a leader in electronic system design, building upon more than 30 years of computational software expertise. Our strategy is to provide the technology necessary for our customers to develop products across a variety of vertical markets including consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, healthcare, and life sciences. Our products and services enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. We completed our acquisitions of OpenEye and Future Facilities during fiscal 2022, which are expected to add important new technologies and capabilities to our system design and analysis technology portfolio that we believe will enhance our ability to pursue attractive opportunities in the markets we serve. Our business model provides some resilience against macroeconomic factors, and we continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of these or similar circumstances on our business and financial results. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expense, which are influenced by changes in the number of employees, stock-based compensation, and acquisition-related costs. We have been impacted by expanded trade restrictions, including restrictions concerning advanced node IC production in China, and we expect the impact of these expanded trade restrictions on our business to be limited. Our operating margin increased during fiscal 2022, primarily because revenue growth in each of our five product categories exceeded growth in operating expenses. We primarily generate revenue from licensing our software and IP, selling or leasing our emulation and prototyping hardware technology, providing maintenance for our software, hardware, and IP, and providing engineering services. The timing of our revenue is significantly affected by the mix of software, hardware, and IP products generating revenue in any given period. Approximately 76% of our cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances and cash flows generated from operations and financing activities will be sufficient to meet the needs of our domestic and international operating activities and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases, for at least the next 12 months. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2022 was primarily due to improved results from operations and timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We have made significant investments in research and development activities and technical sales support, which are critical to our ability to innovate and maintain competitive advantage in the market. Our strategic resource allocation is focused on enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs and improve operational efficiency. The increase in our recurring revenue reflects our customers' ongoing investment in complex designs for their products, which include the design of electronic systems. Our acquisitions are aimed at enhancing our technology capabilities, which are essential for supporting our customers' evolving needs and driving business transformation.