We are strengthening and leveraging our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, ecommerce and data and analytics, enabling us to be more responsive in today's rapidly changing world. Our digital transformation is of paramount importance to our success going forward. We continue to invest behind our brands, including through advertising, and to develop initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental, veterinary and skin health professionals and traditional and ecommerce retailers. We are also changing the way we work to drive growth and how we approach innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitization to respond to the dynamic retail landscape and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers. The retail landscape, the ease of new entrants into the market in many of our categories and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers demand that we work differently and faster in an agile, authentic and culturally relevant manner to drive innovation. The investments needed to drive growth are supported through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. We seek to maximize the impact of our environmental, social and governance programs and lead in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion strategies, which we are working to integrate across our organization. We continue to broaden our ecommerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. Significant items impacting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022 included a non-cash charge to adjust the carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets related to the Filorga skin health business, primarily due to the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The company is engaged in manufacturing and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale and has major manufacturing facilities, warehousing facilities and distribution centers in every region around the world. We continue to monitor the impact of the war in Ukraine, COVID-19 and the challenging market conditions on our business and the related uncertainties and risks. We believe that we are well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments, resilient global supply chain, dedicated and diverse global team and focused business strategy. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through science-led, core and premium innovation; pursuing higher-growth adjacent categories and segments; expanding in faster growing channels and markets; and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency. We plan to continue to invest behind our digital and analytics capabilities and higher growth businesses. The substantial growth in ecommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. The company's digital capabilities are crucial for adapting to the evolving competitive landscape and consumer preferences, which increasingly favor online shopping and innovative product offerings.