Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, including capital and liquidity management, by focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Higher non-interest expense was primarily driven by increased marketing spend, as well as continued investment in technology. Our credit card business generated net income from continuing operations of $4.9 billion, primarily driven by higher average loan balances and higher net interchange fees due to an increase in purchase volume. Non-interest expense increased by $2.0 billion to $11.6 billion in 2022, primarily driven by increased marketing spend, as well as continued investment in technology. We provide a variety of lending products, including credit cards, auto loans, and commercial lending products, with underwriting decisions generally based on an analysis of the net present value of expected revenues, expenses, and losses. Our credit policies establish standards in customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management, supported by detailed policies and procedures for each component of the credit process. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality and continually monitor our portfolio to ensure resilience to economic downturns. Our capital management processes are linked to risk management practices, including the enterprise-wide identification, assessment, and measurement of risks to ensure that all relevant risks are incorporated in the assessment of the company's capital adequacy. Our liquidity framework uses internal and regulatory stress testing and the evaluation of other balance sheet metrics to confirm that we maintain a fortified balance sheet that is resilient to uncertainties that may arise as a consequence of systemic, idiosyncratic, or combined liquidity events. We manage our interest rate risk primarily by entering into interest rate swaps and other derivative instruments. Our economic value of equity sensitivity measure estimates the impact on the net present value of our assets and liabilities, including derivative exposures, resulting from movements in interest rates. We are exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily from the intercompany funding denominated in pound sterling and the Canadian dollar that we provide to our businesses in the U.K. and Canada. We manage these transaction risks by using forward foreign currency derivatives and cross-currency swaps to hedge our exposures. Our enterprise-wide risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and consists of elements such as governance and accountability, risk identification, assessment, measurement and response, monitoring and testing, and risk data and enabling technology. Our risk appetite statement defines the board of directors' tolerance for certain risk outcomes at an enterprise level and enables senior management to manage and report within these boundaries. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex, and our compliance management program establishes expectations for determining compliance requirements, assessing the risk of new product offerings, and monitoring for control performance. We continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance program to fully address these expectations.