At the beginning of fiscal 2022, we re-aligned our reporting structure under two reportable segments: U.S. healthcare solutions and international healthcare solutions. The U.S. healthcare solutions segment provides data analytics, outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Additionally, it delivers packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers. Our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors, such as industry growth trends, including drug utilization, the introduction of new, innovative brand therapies, and the rate of conversion from brand products to those generic drugs and biosimilars. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 included investments in various technology initiatives, including technology initiatives at Alliance Healthcare. We currently expect to spend approximately $500 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2023, which will include investments relating to various technology initiatives, including technology investments at Alliance Healthcare and those required to comply with new regulatory requirements. The acquisition of Alliance Healthcare increased our days sales outstanding and days payable outstanding as it has longer payment terms with customers and manufacturers. We have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the December and March quarters that may require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our period-end working capital account balances. The increase in distribution, selling, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the June 2021 acquisition of Alliance Healthcare. We recorded goodwill impairments of $75.9 million and $6.4 million in our Profarma reporting unit in connection with our fiscal 2022 and 2021 impairment tests, respectively. We have exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-U.S. operations, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure. We manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. The unfavorable impact of a hypothetical decrease in interest rates on cash and cash equivalents would be partially offset by the favorable impact of such a decrease on variable-rate debt. We believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits recognized in our financial statements for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based upon current facts and circumstances. Our customer sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if the products can be resold at full value or returned to suppliers for full credit. We evaluate our receivables for risk of loss by grouping our receivables with similar risk characteristics. The calculation of the required allowance requires judgment by management as to the impact of those and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade receivables. We engage third-party appraisal firms to assist management in determining the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Our reporting units include pharmaceutical distribution services, U.S. consulting services, MWI, Alliance Healthcare, Innomar, World Courier, and Profarma. We have a $2.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in November 2026. In October 2022, we amended and restated the multi-currency revolving credit facility to extend the expiration to October 2027. The multi-currency revolving credit facility contains covenants, including compliance with a financial leverage ratio test, as well as others that impose limitations on indebtedness of subsidiaries and asset sales, with which we were compliant as of September 30, 2022.