We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2022 was driven primarily by an increase in revenue per car partially driven by the scarcity of vehicles due to global supply chain disruptions and an increase in volume resulting from higher miles driven due to the reopening of the United States economy. The increase in vehicle sales for fiscal 2022 was primarily the result of increased volume and higher average auction selling prices, which we believe was due to a change in the mix of vehicles sold, increased demand, and reduced supply. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. We believe the long-term trend of increases in total loss frequency will continue. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to acquiring land, opening and improving facilities, capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements, acquiring yard equipment, and lease buyouts of certain facilities. We believe that the longer-term impact on our business will depend on potential adverse operational impacts from outbreaks of COVID-19 at any of our locations; additional outbreaks of COVID-19 in one or more of our geographic markets; and deteriorating economic conditions generally. Our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of service fees and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. We expect to continue to use cash flows from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. We have certain contracts with insurance companies, primarily in the U.K., in which we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. We also purchase vehicles in the open market, primarily from individuals, and resell them for our own account.