In an increasingly connected and digital world, CVS Health is meeting people wherever they are and changing health care to meet their needs. The health care benefits segment has the information and resources to help members, in consultation with their health care professionals, make more informed decisions about their health care. The health care benefits segment offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical management capabilities and health information technology products and services. The company believes its integrated health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes and lowers overall health care costs. The company is expected to benefit from enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives, which aim to reduce the company's operating cost structure in a way that improves the consumer experience and is sustainable. Key drivers include investments in digital, technology and analytics capabilities that will streamline processes and improve outcomes. The pharmacy services segment provides a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, including plan design offerings and administration, formulary management, and retail pharmacy network management services. The company operates a group purchasing organization that negotiates pricing for the purchase of pharmaceuticals and rebates with pharmaceutical manufacturers on behalf of its participants. The pharmacy services segment's clients are primarily employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups, health plans, and other sponsors of health benefit plans throughout the United States. The retail/ltc segment sells prescription drugs and a wide assortment of health and wellness products and general merchandise, provides health care services through its minuteclinic® walk-in medical clinics, and conducts long-term care pharmacy operations. The company has more than 9,000 retail locations and more than 1,100 minuteclinic locations, as well as online retail pharmacy websites. The company believes that investments in technology and digital capabilities are crucial for enhancing operational efficiency and improving customer relationships. The company has made incremental investments in business operations and technology resources to support growth. The company expects changes to its business environment as government officials continue to propose and enact significant modifications to public policy and existing laws and regulations that govern or impact the company's businesses. The company believes its IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company has also recorded office real estate optimization charges related to the planned reduction of corporate office real estate space in response to its new flexible work arrangement. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, and potential share repurchases, which are all part of its strategic resource allocation. The company's ability to leverage its IT capabilities, along with its investments in digital transformation and operational flexibility, is expected to enhance its competitive advantage and improve overall firm performance.