The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements. Discover Financial Services ("DFS") is a digital banking and payment services company, providing digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We expect continued loan growth driven by recent account growth and our current expectations of sales trends. Our digital banking segment reported pretax income of $5.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to $6.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest income was primarily driven by a higher average level of receivables and higher yield on loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. The increase in professional fees was due primarily to investments in technology and increased consulting costs. We continue to assess the potential impact of proposed regulations regarding climate, cybersecurity, and other ESG metrics and risk. The provision for credit losses increased as compared to the prior year, primarily driven by continued loan growth. The allowance for credit losses reflects management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost. Establishing the estimate for expected credit losses requires significant management judgment, including considerations of macroeconomic conditions and consumer behavior. Our liquidity portfolio consists of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, which we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations. We also maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The board of directors approves this policy, and the asset and liability management committee is responsible for its implementation. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly to ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our primary contingency liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio securities, which we could sell, repo, or borrow against, and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. The overall economic environment directly impacts the macroeconomic variables that are used in the loss forecast models. The timing and substance of any additional changes to existing guidance or new guidance are uncertain. We believe loan modification programs are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties and help to prevent defaults. The transition process regarding the cessation of LIBOR will continue through the end of 2023, and we have prepared for this transition by actively reducing LIBOR exposures in our derivatives portfolio. The increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume. The increase in marketing and business development was driven by growth investments in card and consumer banking.