The company has taken an intentionally flexible approach to distribution, refining and adjusting plans that may impact the results of operations of the businesses within Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution (DMED), including cost allocation, revenue timing, viewership timing and patterns, and the total mix of content on a business/distribution platform. The direct-to-consumer business generates revenue from subscription fees, advertising sales, and pay-per-view and premier access fees, with operating expenses including programming and production costs, technology support costs, and distribution costs. The increase in programming and production costs at DMED was due to higher costs at direct-to-consumer, increased sports programming costs, and an increase in production cost amortization due to theatrical revenue growth. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, using total segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses separate from non-operating factors. The increase in operating cash flow at Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (DPEP) was due to higher operating cash receipts driven by higher revenue, partially offset by an increase in operating cash disbursements due to higher operating expenses. The company believes that information about total segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from non-operational factors that affect net income. The company expects its fiscal 2023 spend on produced and licensed content, including sports rights, to be in the low $30 billion range, reflecting ongoing investments in technology and content. The increase in capital expenditures at corporate primarily reflects investments in facilities, information technology infrastructure, and equipment. The company currently expects its fiscal 2023 capital expenditures will be up to approximately $6.7 billion compared to fiscal 2022 capital expenditures of $4.9 billion, driven by higher spending across the enterprise. The company has incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of employees, guests, and talent, which may impact operational efficiency and business performance. The company's investments in parks, resorts, and other property for fiscal 2022 and 2021 reflect a commitment to enhancing technology capabilities and infrastructure. The restructuring and change in business strategy, once determined, could result in impairment charges, impacting financial performance and operational flexibility. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is critical in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s strategic decisions regarding technology deployment and investment choices are essential for achieving operational efficiency and enhancing firm capabilities. The impact of COVID-19 related disruptions on financial and operational results will be dictated by the duration and severity of the pandemic and governmental actions imposed in response to it.