We provide a global, vendor-neutral data center, interconnection and edge solutions platform with offerings that aim to enable our customers to reach everywhere, interconnect everyone and integrate everything. Global enterprises, service providers and business ecosystems of industry partners rely on our IBX data centers and expertise around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and to protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Our interconnected data centers around the world allow our customers to increase information and application delivery performance to users, and quickly access distributed IT infrastructures and business and digital ecosystems, while significantly reducing costs. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall cost and increasing flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, has continued to drive new customer growth and bookings. To serve the needs of the growing hyperscale data center market, including the world's largest cloud service providers, we have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate Xscale data centers. Strategically, we will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, including but not limited to demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, clouds and software partners, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, automation capabilities, developer talent pool, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis and in-place customers. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase across all three regions as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform, and to integrate recent acquisitions. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. Our management believes that the inclusion of non-GAAP financial measures provides consistency and comparability with past reports and provides a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and ability to perform in subsequent periods. We believe that our sources of liquidity, including our expected future operating cash flows, are sized to adequately meet both the near and long-term material cash commitments for the foreseeable future. Our business model consists of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature. Our adjusted EBITDA results have improved due to the improved operating results discussed earlier, as well as due to the nature of our business model. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. Our cabinet utilization rate varies from market to market among our IBX data centers across our Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions. We continue to evaluate our operating requirements and financial resources in light of future developments. Our business strategy includes pursuing additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build-out of new IBX data centers, in certain of our existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year, as well as potential acquisitions and joint ventures.