The following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. We are focused on maintaining high cash margins and a low-cost structure to drive an increasing return on capital and operational excellence, and to mitigate inflationary pressures through improvements and efficiencies in our drilling and completion programs. We are utilizing our free cash flow to meet our quarterly return of capital commitment and for debt repayment rather than expanding our drilling program. Our capital expenditures for each period are discussed further below. The increase in operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily resulted from an increase of $2.8 billion in our total revenue, a decrease of $397 million in net cash paid on settlements of derivative contracts, and fluctuations in other working capital balances due primarily to the timing of when collections are made on accounts receivable and payments are made on accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The majority of our net cash used for investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was for the purchase and development of oil and natural gas properties and related assets, including the Firebird acquisition. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. Continued prolonged volatility in the capital, financial and/or credit markets due to the war in Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic and/or adverse macroeconomic conditions may limit our access to, or increase our cost of, capital or make capital unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. We expect to maintain flexibility and use a combination of our growing and sustainable base dividend, variable dividend, and opportunistic share repurchase program to generate the highest value proposition for our stockholders. The increase in income from our equity investments primarily reflects higher capacity utilization and price realizations for our midstream investees in 2022 compared to 2021, as well as an increase of $38 million in income from our investment in an interconnected gas gathering system in the Midland Basin, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. We have also increased the weighting of ESG metrics in our annual short-term incentive compensation plan to motivate our executives and our employees to advance our environmental responsibility goals. Our capital budget for 2023 is $2.50 billion to $2.70 billion, with approximately $2.25 billion to $2.41 billion allocated primarily for drilling and completing horizontal wells across our operated and non-operated leasehold acreage. The amount and timing of our capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within our control. We could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, and the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure, and capital. We will continue monitoring commodity prices and overall market conditions and can adjust our rig cadence and our capital expenditure budget up or down in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions. Our working capital requirements are supported by our cash and cash equivalents and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We may draw on our revolving credit facility to meet short-term cash requirements, or issue debt or equity securities as part of our longer-term liquidity and capital management program.