Fastenal has invested in, developed, and deployed capabilities that allow us to illuminate and provide greater control over a customer's supply chain. These capabilities range from service models that take advantage of our local presence and/or our ability to more efficiently manage complex procurement needs, to hardware and software technologies that promote actionable data capture, improve operating efficiencies and reduce supply chain risk. We strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to support our growth, our product and technology development, and the needs of our customers. Our approach to addressing the marketplace is captured in our tagline where industry meets innovation. We support customer-facing resources with a supply chain capability that is speedy, efficient, and cost-effective. This has formed the foundation of our high-touch model since inception. Our in-market network forms the foundation of our business strategy, and we will continue to open or close locations as is deemed necessary to sustain and improve our network, support our growth drivers, and manage our operating expenses. We had an increase in our remaining FTE employee headcount related primarily to personnel investments in information technology, manufacturing, and operational support, such as purchasing and product development. In 2022, we experienced a slight increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings, reflecting a significant increase in our conversion percentage in the second half of 2022. Our inventories increased, reflecting significant inflation in the value of stocked parts, the addition of inventory to support the growth of our manufacturing and construction customers, and deeper inventory stocking due to disruption in supply chains. In 2022, our net capital expenditures increased, primarily related to higher spending on FMI equipment and investments in automation and upgrades at our hubs. We expect our net capital expenditures in 2023 to reflect spending on upgrades to and investments in automation at certain hubs, the beginning of construction of a distribution center in Utah, and higher spending on information technology. Our employee-related expenses increased in 2022 from 2021, which was related to higher base pay and employment taxes from higher FTE during the period and moderate wage inflation. We believe the markets are efficient, meaning that companies that grow market share are those that develop differentiated capabilities that provide the greatest value to the customer. We believe the relative underperformance of our non-residential construction customers reflects deliberate shifts in our branch strategy that de-emphasized walk-in and over-the-counter transactions. Our growth drivers include our FMI offerings, onsite channel, and international expansion, all of which tend to require significant investments in inventory and technology resources. Our digital footprint and changes to our go-to-market strategies allowed us to expand our operating margins in the period. We believe that net cash provided by operating activities will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs for these items in the short-term over the next 12 months and also in the long-term beyond the next 12 months.