We believe the actions we have taken in recent years to build a solid balance sheet, successfully expand low-cost operations, and maintain flexible organic growth options while maintaining liquidity allow us to continue to execute our business plans in a prudent manner and preserve substantial future asset values. Our operations have been impacted by inflationary cost pressures, including increased costs for energy, sulfuric acid, and maintenance and supplies. We plan to continue to carefully manage costs and drive efficiencies to mitigate cost increases. We monitor market conditions and will continue to adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. Our financial policy is aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a solid balance sheet and increasing cash returns to shareholders while advancing opportunities for future growth. The policy includes a base dividend and a performance-based payout framework, whereby up to 50% of available cash flows generated after planned capital spending and distributions to noncontrolling interest would be allocated to shareholder returns and the balance to debt reduction and investments in value-enhancing growth projects. We are committed to maintaining the validation of all of our copper producing sites with the copper mark, a comprehensive assurance framework designed to demonstrate the copper industry's responsible production practices. We are advancing efforts to improve copper recovery from our leach processes, including initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics. We believe these leach innovation initiatives provide potential opportunities to produce incremental copper from our large existing leach stockpiles and lower-grade material currently classified as waste. Initial results support the potential for incremental low-cost additions to our production and reserve profile. We are engaged in various studies associated with potential future expansion projects primarily at our mining operations. The costs for these studies are charged to production and delivery costs as incurred. The installation of additional milling facilities at PT Freeport Indonesia is currently expected to be completed in late 2023, which would increase milling capacity to approximately 240,000 metric tons of ore per day to provide for continued annualized copper and gold production volumes of approximately 1.6 billion pounds of copper and 1.6 million ounces of gold. We are planning an expansion to double the concentrator capacity of the Bagdad operation in Northwest Arizona. We are advancing plans for expanded tailings infrastructure projects to support Bagdad's long-range plans. Our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. We closely monitor market conditions and will continue to adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. We expect to maintain a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity position as we focus on building long-term value in our business, executing our operating plans safely, responsibly, and efficiently, and prudently managing costs and capital expenditures. We have significant mineral reserves, mineral resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 111.0 billion pounds of copper, 26.9 million ounces of gold, and 3.53 billion pounds of molybdenum.