The fedex services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. Our capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to include increased investment in information technology and strategic initiatives aimed to optimize operations across our networks. We will continue executing targeted actions to improve productivity and lower costs both through advanced technology and optimization of operations. Our expected capital expenditures for 2023 also include investments in facilities and equipment at fedex ground, and the fedex express indianapolis and memphis hub expansion and modernization programs. We are making strategic technology investments to improve safety and efficiency within our operations, as well as executing targeted actions to enhance the hiring process, improve retention, and align staffing levels with network demands. The constrained labor market affected the availability and cost of labor resulting in higher purchased transportation costs, network inefficiencies, and higher wage rates. We expect higher revenue and operating income for 2023 as we continue to utilize technology to improve the customer experience and deliver profitable growth. Our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in technology, and the amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including anticipated volume growth and new or enhanced services. The identification of these costs as integration-related expenditures is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures. We are focused on creating solutions to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members. The increase in operating results in corporate, other, and eliminations was primarily due to improved operating income at fedex logistics, driven by market capacity constraints related to the covid-19 pandemic. Our business is capital intensive, with approximately 55% of our owned assets invested in our transportation and information system infrastructures. We will continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. Our 2022 results also include business realignment costs associated with our workforce reduction plan in europe. We expect savings from our business realignment activities to be between $275 million and $350 million on an annualized basis beginning in 2024. We incurred costs associated with the workforce reduction plan in europe and expect the pre-tax cost of our business realignment activities to be approximately $420 million through 2023. The net impact of fuel had a significant benefit to operating income in 2022 as higher fuel surcharges outpaced increased fuel prices. Our capital expenditures increased during 2022 primarily due to increased spending on package handling equipment, vehicles and trailers, facilities, and information technology. We will continue to manage network capacity to demand levels, flexing our network and making adjustments as needed to align operating costs to volumes. Our expected capital expenditures for 2023 include continued investments in the fedex express indianapolis hub and fedex express memphis world hub, which are expected to total $1.5 billion each over the life of each project.