During fiscal 2022, we continued to advance our platform-first, cloud delivered strategy in our software segment, which led us to divert resources from less strategic areas of our business to facilitate incremental investment in higher value, more strategic areas. We also continued our transition from private data centers to external service providers to host our technology infrastructure. Our management regards annual contract value bookings as an important indicator of future revenues, which reflects our ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support of business strategies. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents balances, along with available borrowings from our revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements, including the evaluation of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. Our business overview highlights our strategies and initiatives, including the promotion of adoption of our most predictive scores and the development of scores that use alternative data to enhance conventional credit bureau data. The increase in our on-premises and SaaS software revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in point-in-time recognition due to a large license deal, as well as an increase in over-time recognition due to SaaS growth. We also experienced a strategic shift to emphasize software over services, which aligns with our focus on operational efficiency and business transformation. Our software segment revenues increased due to a higher unit price across several business-to-business offerings and an increase in unsecured credit originations volume. The total revenue impact from our divestiture was significant, reflecting our strategic decisions to optimize resource allocation and enhance stockholder value. Our research and development expenses, which include costs incurred in the development of new products and services, decreased due to a reduction in headcount and third-party cloud computing costs. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily driven by a reduction in personnel and labor costs, indicating our focus on operational flexibility and efficiency. We assess goodwill for impairment annually, considering macro-economic conditions and market dynamics, which underscores our commitment to maintaining organizational effectiveness and performance excellence. Our capital resources and liquidity outlook indicates that we are well-positioned to respond to competitive pressures and take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, which is critical for sustaining our competitive advantage in the market. We continue to evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, which reflects our ongoing commitment to leveraging IT capabilities as strategic resources to enhance our overall business performance.