In addition to historical information, this annual report contains forward-looking statements concerning expectations regarding supply chain constraints, increased inflation, and the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad visibility and segmentation of the digital attack surface through our integrated cybersecurity platform products and services, which feature automated protection, detection, and response along with consolidated visibility across both Fortinet-developed solutions and a broad ecosystem of third-party solutions and technologies. Our cybersecurity platform portfolio leverages a common operating system across our product offerings and helps organizations better secure their environments and reduce their security and network complexities. The Fortinet operating system has an open architecture designed to integrate Fortinet solutions with third-party solutions in a single ecosystem, enabling automated detection and response across the attack surface. Our product offerings consist of our core platform and our enhanced platform technologies, which include secure networking, network and security operations, endpoint security, and cloud security. Our FortiGuard security subscription services provide coordinated protection for the ever-expanding attack surface through core platform appliances and enhanced platform technology products. Our proprietary application-specific integrated circuits are designed to enhance security processing capabilities implemented in software by accelerating computationally intensive tasks. Networking functionality and security capabilities are integrated into the FortiOS operating system, which provides centralized management, visibility, automation, and intelligence sharing to simplify operations and respond rapidly to threats. We derive a majority of product sales from our core platform network security appliances, which include a broad set of built-in security and networking features. Our zero trust access solutions enable customers to know and control who and what is on their network, providing security for work-from-anywhere deployments. Our cloud security solutions help customers connect securely to their individual, hybrid cloud, multi-cloud, and virtualized data center environments. Our security operations offerings enable security operations center teams to identify, investigate, and remediate potential incidents. The rich set of FortiGuard security subscription services is built to provide comprehensive protection for users and applications, including market-leading offerings for intrusion prevention systems, web filtering, and cloud sandboxing. We continue to invest in our research and development organization, with a focus on software development and the ongoing development of our hardware products. Our operating income increased significantly, benefiting from improved sales productivity and a favorable operating expense structure. We expect to continue to increase our data center, office, and warehouse capacity to support growth and the expansion of existing services or introduction of new services. Our cash flows from operating activities reflect the continued growth of our business and our ability to manage working capital effectively. We have seen significant growth in our deferred revenue balance, which is primarily driven by our growing customer base and expansion of service offerings. The overall performance of our business is influenced by worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions, including inflation, interest rates, and supply chain disruptions. We have also undertaken actions to protect our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic, including transitioning to remote work and monitoring local health protocols.