The technologies segment's revenue was up despite continued delays in customer order activity as revenue from IT services increased on several programs, particularly with the group's federal civilian customers. The technologies segment's operating margin decreased 40 basis points compared with 2021 due primarily to the mix of service activity and product volume. Significant contract awards in the technologies segment during 2022 include an IDIQ contract from the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) to provide hybrid cloud services and IT design, engineering, and operations and sustainment services. The contract has a maximum potential value of $4.5 billion over 10 years. Additionally, an IDIQ contract to provide IT infrastructure and modernization support services for the U.S. Air Forces in Europe under the Europe-wide Information Technology and Enterprise Network (EITEN) program has a maximum potential value of $910 million. The technologies segment's total estimated contract value remained steady compared with year-end 2021, indicating a stable outlook for IT capabilities. Our emphasis on cash flow generation is underpinned by an operating discipline focused on cost control and working capital management, which supports our ability to invest in IT resources and capabilities. We evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook, believing agility is a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. Our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, which encompasses IT capabilities that enhance operational efficiency and support business strategies. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, which includes leveraging IT capabilities to enhance our competitive positioning. The technologies segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers, highlighting the importance of IT capabilities in meeting diverse customer needs. The segment's total estimated contract value is an important indicator of future orders and revenue, reflecting the ongoing demand for IT services and solutions. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities is crucial for transforming our firm into a competitive force. The integration of IT capabilities into our operational processes is essential for achieving strategic alignment and enhancing organizational effectiveness. The evolving nature of IT capabilities underscores the importance of providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access, which are critical for supporting business needs and driving performance improvements.