Management uses non-GAAP measures in its financial, investment, and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. These measures allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons, and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items not considered a component of core operating performance. The automotive industry and GM continue to experience supply chain and logistics disruptions from multiple suppliers that have impacted, and may continue to impact, planned production schedules. Despite these challenges, improved parts availability enabled an increase in production and improvement in dealer inventory levels for certain vehicles. The company anticipates that higher interest rates will have an approximately $1.0 billion unfavorable impact on results of operations in 2023, as a result of lower forecasted pension income. The ongoing supply chain disruptions, macro-economic impact of COVID-19, and geopolitical tensions continue to place pressure on the automotive industry and vehicle sales. The company continues to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and government actions and measures taken to prevent its spread, which may affect operations. As the company assesses performance and the needs of its evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required, which may lead to future asset impairments or other charges impacting operating results. The company’s vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion, guiding its growth-focused strategy to invest in electric vehicles (EVs), autonomous vehicles (AVs), software-enabled services, and subscriptions while strengthening market position in profitable internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles. The company is committed to good citizenship through sustainable operations and a leading health and safety culture. The board of directors uses certain non-GAAP measures as key metrics to determine management performance under performance-based compensation plans. The company expects to generate commercial EV tax credits and credits from battery component production that will increase net income and impact income tax cash payments. The company’s liquidity plans are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those described in the risk factors section. The company continues to evaluate opportunities to strengthen its competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce long-term obligations, acquisitions, dispositions, and investments with joint venture partners, as well as strategic alliances believed to generate significant advantages. The company’s automotive financing segment, GM Financial, continues to monitor and evaluate opportunities to optimize its liquidity position and the mix of its debt. GM Financial's available liquidity increased primarily due to increased borrowing capacity on unpledged eligible assets, resulting from the issuance of securitization transactions and unsecured debt. GM Financial structures liquidity to support at least six months of expected net cash flows, including new originations, without access to new debt financing transactions or other capital markets activity. The company’s strategic management practices emphasize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency.