We continue to invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures, including significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings and improve our existing offerings across our businesses. We also expect to continue to invest in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, particularly in support of AI. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which includes our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will focus on expanding our products and services to stay in front of trends in order to maintain and grow our business. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, where we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. The revenues that we derive from non-advertising products and services are increasing and may adversely affect our margins. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. Our business evolves as we periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and the number of impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated by the corresponding click and impression activity. The increase in other cost of revenues from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to increases in data center costs and other operations costs as well as hardware costs. We expect tac paid to our distribution partners and Google network partners to increase as our revenues grow. The increase in tac from 2021 to 2022 was due to an increase in tac paid to distribution partners and to Google network partners, primarily driven by growth in revenues subject to tac. Our operating expenses are generally incurred during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either R&D, sales and marketing, or general and administrative. The main components of our R&D expenses are compensation expenses for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D related to our existing and new products and services. We also expect to continue to invest in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, particularly in support of AI. In January 2023, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and network equipment, resulting in a change in the estimated useful life of our servers and certain network equipment to six years, which we expect to result in a reduction of depreciation for the full fiscal year 2023 for assets in service as of December 31, 2022. Our capital expenditures, which primarily reflected investments in technical infrastructure, were $31.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022.