The discussion provides an analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations from management's perspective. The increase in online sales in fiscal 2022 was a result of customers continuing to leverage our digital platforms and reflects our ongoing investments to enhance these platforms and related fulfillment capabilities, which support our interconnected retail strategy. The increase in comparable average ticket was primarily driven by inflation, as well as demand for new and innovative products. The decrease in comparable customer transactions reflects the impact of macroeconomic factors during fiscal 2022, including indications of price sensitivity to the broader inflationary environment and a gradual shift in consumer spending from goods back to services. These inventory management actions reflect strategic investments in inventory to support the demand environment, promote higher in-stock levels, and pull forward merchandise for seasonal events in response to global supply chain disruption, as well as investments in our new supply chain facilities. Our operating expenses increased, primarily reflecting leverage from a positive comparable sales environment and lower incentive compensation, partially offset by wage investments for hourly associates and increased operational costs, including planned investments designed to drive efficiencies in our stores. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to invest in the business, fund dividend payments, and fund any share repurchases through the next several fiscal years. Our material cash requirements include contractual and other obligations arising in the normal course of business, including long-term debt and related interest payments, operating and finance lease obligations, and purchase obligations. We follow a disciplined approach to capital allocation, prioritizing investing in the business, followed by paying dividends, with the intent of then returning excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. We plan to invest approximately $3 billion back into our business in the form of capital expenditures, in line with our expectation of approximately two percent of net sales on an annual basis. However, we may adjust our capital expenditures to support the operations of the business, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment, as necessary or appropriate. The net proceeds from the issuance of senior notes were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding indebtedness and repurchases of shares of our common stock. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, associate compensation, operations, occupancy costs, and income taxes. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Changes in working capital were driven by inventory management actions and the related timing of vendor payments. The valuation under the retail inventory method is based on a number of factors such as markups, markdowns, and inventory losses. We calculate shrink based on actual inventory losses identified as a result of physical inventory counts during each fiscal period and estimated inventory losses between physical inventory counts. The estimate for shrink occurring in the interim period between physical inventory counts is calculated on a store-specific basis and is primarily based on recent shrink results.