The management and franchise segment provides services, including hotel management and licensing of our IP, with revenues from this segment including management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners and licensing fees from strategic partners, including co-branded credit card providers, and HGV for the right to use our IP. We charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing and information technology services, while a third party manages or operates such franchised hotels. Our technology and reservation systems are critical components that support our operational capabilities and enhance our competitive positioning in the hospitality industry. The effectiveness of our management and franchise business depends on our ability to perform under our management and franchise contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party hotel owners and franchisees, which allows us to generate new incremental opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on its geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner, and other factors, which reflects our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility. Our relationships with third parties enable us to maintain our current presence as contracts mature and also generate new opportunities, thereby enhancing our overall business performance. The increase in revenues from our strategic partnerships resulted from new cardholder acquisitions and increased cardholder spend under our co-branded credit card arrangements. The rise in travel and tourism and increased overall consumer spending during the year ended December 31, 2022, also contributed to a significant increase in licensing and other fees. Our owned and leased hotels had currency neutral increases in certain operating expenses as a result of increased occupancy, including labor costs, utilities, and variable rent, which is generally based on a percentage of hotel revenues or profits. We capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase. Our investment policy focuses on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments, which includes corporate capital and information technology expenditures. We believe that our cash position and sources of liquidity will meet anticipated requirements for operating and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll, and other commitments for the foreseeable future based on current conditions. Our long-term liquidity requirements consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness, as well as capital improvements to the hotels within our ownership segment and corporate capital expenditures. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts related to owning and leasing hotels or corporate operations is limited by the amount of inherent fixed costs. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments and to pay interest on our debt depends on our future operating performance, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hospitality industry that may be beyond our control.