Management has continued its focus on liquidity and cash flows as well as improving its operating performance through profitable revenue, efficient operations, and margin enhancement. Management's focus and the related results enabled Howmet to end 2022 with a solid financial position. The company has aligned its operations consistent with how the CEO assesses operating performance and allocates capital. The company produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for 737 MAX airplanes. The company also produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for Boeing 787 airplanes. The segment adjusted EBITDA for all reportable segments totaled $1,352 in 2022, $1,200 in 2021, and $1,152 in 2020. The increase in cash provided from operations of $284, or 63%, between 2022 and 2021 was due to lower working capital, higher operating results, and lower pension contributions. The company has a disciplined approach to cash management and the strengthening of its balance sheet. Management continued to focus on actions to improve Howmet's cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. Such actions included procurement efficiencies and overhead rationalization to reduce costs, working capital initiatives, and maintaining a sustainable level of capital expenditures. The company anticipates that significant expansion projects will be funded through various sources, including cash provided from operations. The company has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and operational performance, which is expected to contribute to future sales growth. The company’s operations consist of four worldwide reportable segments: engine products, fastening systems, engineered structures, and forged wheels, with segment performance evaluated based on a number of factors, primarily segment adjusted EBITDA. The company’s focus on technology projects across all segments is reflected in the increase in research and development expenses, which were $32 in 2022 compared with $17 in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher spending on technology projects across all segments. The company has also focused on improving its operational efficiency through various initiatives, including technology upgrades and automation projects. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s strategic management practices include a focus on operational flexibility and the effective support of business needs through its IT capabilities. The company has continued to invest in its technology infrastructure to enhance its operational efficiency and support its business strategies. The company’s management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the company to provide users of the consolidated financial statements with useful and reliable information about the company's operating results and financial condition.