We are a provider of market infrastructure, data services, and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations, and government entities. Our products provide customers with access to mission-critical tools designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. Our business environment has been characterized by growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation, increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies, and rising demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation serves emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements. Our mortgage technology business aims to enable greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to ensure that each completed loan transaction adheres to secondary market standards. The ICE mortgage technology network provides originators connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitates the secure exchange of information between customers and a broad ecosystem of third-party service providers, as well as lenders and investors critical to consummating loan transactions. Our data and analytics revenues increased due to the addition of new customers and increased purchases by existing customers. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. Our segments do not engage in intersegment transactions. The acquisition of Black Knight, Inc. enhances our position as a provider of electronic workflow solutions for the rapidly evolving U.S. residential mortgage industry. Black Knight provides a comprehensive and integrated ecosystem of software, data, and analytics solutions serving the real estate and housing finance markets. This ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. We expect to incur capital expenditures and software development costs that are eligible for capitalization, which we believe will support the enhancement of our technology, business integration, and continued growth of our businesses. Our technology and communication expenses consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We seek to mitigate credit risk by rigorously selecting counterparties and monitoring them on an ongoing basis. The ICE clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member margin deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks.