Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. For our consumer and professional tax offerings, we have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious filings. We received ISO 27001 certification for a portion of our systems, and we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems is critical as we help customers manage their financial lives. Industry trends indicate that artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming multiple industries, including financial technology. Disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems, and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights, and increase speed of service. These shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase. Our total service and other revenue was $11.0 billion or 86% of our total revenue in fiscal 2022, and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2022 as well as our future prospects. Our key challenges include the need to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships, which increasingly depend on the strength of our third-party business relationships. We are focused on enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs and to transform our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. We continue to evaluate and refine our return to workplace strategy, and our transition to a hybrid model where our workforce will spend a portion of their time working in our offices and a portion of their time working from home is part of our broader strategy to enhance operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics. The acquisition of Credit Karma and Mailchimp reflects our commitment to expanding our technology portfolio and enhancing our service offerings, which are integral to our business strategy alignment and market positioning. We are committed to investing in our IT infrastructure to ensure operational efficiency and to support our organizational goals, thereby enhancing our overall firm capabilities and performance outcomes.