In designing our products, we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use. Our da Vinci products fall into five broad categories: da Vinci surgical systems, da Vinci instruments and accessories, da Vinci stapling, da Vinci energy, and da Vinci vision, including Firefly fluorescence imaging systems and da Vinci endoscopes. We also provide a comprehensive suite of systems, learning, and services offerings. Digitally-enabled for nearly three decades, these offerings aim to decrease variability by providing dependable, consistent functionality and an integrated user experience. Our systems category includes robotic platforms, software, vision, energy, and instruments and accessories. Our learning category includes educational technology, such as simulation and telepresence, as well as technical training programs and personalized peer-to-peer learning opportunities. Our services category assists and optimizes minimally invasive programs through readiness, on-demand support, consultation for minimally invasive program optimization, and hospitals customized analytics. Within our integrated ecosystem, our focus is to decrease variability in surgery by offering actionable insights, with digital solutions, to take action with the potential to improve outcomes, personalize learning, and optimize efficiency. We have commercialized the following da Vinci surgical systems: the da Vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da Vinci S surgical system in 2006, the da Vinci Si surgical system in 2009, and the fourth generation da Vinci Xi surgical system in 2014. We extended our fourth-generation platform by adding the da Vinci X surgical system, commercialized in 2017, and the da Vinci SP surgical system, commercialized in 2018. The da Vinci SP surgical system accesses the body through a single incision, while the other da Vinci surgical systems access the body through multiple incisions. All da Vinci systems include a surgeon's console, imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software. We are in the early stages of launching our da Vinci SP surgical system, and we have an installed base of 121 da Vinci SP surgical systems as of December 31, 2022. We have received FDA clearance for the da Vinci SP surgical system for urologic and certain transoral procedures, and we have received regulatory clearance in South Korea, where the da Vinci SP surgical system may be used for a broad set of procedures. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances. We offer approximately 70 different multi-port da Vinci instruments to provide surgeons with flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed to perform a particular surgery. These multi-port instruments are generally robotically controlled and provide end effectors that are similar to those used in either open or laparoscopic surgery. We offer advanced instrumentation for the da Vinci X and da Vinci Xi platforms, including da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. We are also highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. The loss of critical members of our team, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could significantly harm our operations, business, and ability to compete. The current macroeconomic environment is impacting our customers financially and operationally as well. Hospitals are experiencing staffing shortages and supply chain issues that could affect their ability to provide patient care. Additionally, hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation drive up operating costs, rising interest rates make access to credit more expensive, and fiscal stimulus programs enacted during the COVID-19 pandemic wind down.