The ITW business model is the company's core source of value creation and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The 80/20 front-to-back process is a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the company and its customers, enabling ITW businesses to consistently achieve world-class operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation while generating superior financial performance. The company has focused on leveraging its IT capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs through the application of data-driven insights generated by the 80/20 practice. ITW's decentralized, entrepreneurial culture allows businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive, with significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW business model to customize their approach to best serve specific customer needs. The strategic sourcing initiative has established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, contributing to the company's ongoing enterprise strategy. The company has undertaken a complete review of its performance, focusing on businesses delivering consistent above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. ITW determined that solid and consistent above-market organic growth is the core growth engine to deliver world-class financial performance and compelling long-term returns for its shareholders. The company has made considerable progress on its path to full potential, with the ITW business model and unique set of capabilities serving as a source of strong and enduring competitive advantage. The company remains focused on portfolio discipline, 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence, and full-potential organic growth. ITW's businesses have the right "raw material" in terms of market and business attributes that best fit the ITW business model and have significant potential to drive above-market organic growth over the long term. The company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent long-term performance. The 80/20 front-to-back process is a rigorous, iterative, and highly data-driven approach to identify true differentiation and the ability to drive sustainable, high-quality organic growth. ITW will continue to drive 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence across the company, producing further customer-facing performance improvement and additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level. The collection of capabilities and competitive advantages built and honed since 2012 through the execution of ITW's enterprise strategy provided the company with options to respond to challenges, including those presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. The company has focused on protecting the health and well-being of its colleagues, serving customers with excellence, maintaining financial strength, and leveraging its strengths to position itself to fully participate in recovery. The company expects these efforts to contribute meaningfully to accelerate its progress toward full-potential organic growth. The company continues to focus on delivering strong results in any environment while executing its long-term strategy to achieve and sustain ITW's full potential performance. The company has clearly defined action plans aimed at leveraging the performance power of the ITW business model to achieve full-potential organic growth in every division, with specific focus on market penetration, customer-back innovation, and strategic sales excellence.