The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing drives demand for our process control and yield management solutions. Our products, services, and expertise are used by our customers to measure, detect, analyze, and resolve critical and nanometric level product defects, helping them to manage manufacturing process challenges and to obtain higher finished product yields at lower cost. The favorable end market dynamics are driving our customers to make increased investments in our process control and yield management solutions as part of their overall capital investment plans. These trends also drive demand for our other products, where the increase in technology complexity is expected to continue and further accelerate as more devices become interconnected and dependent on other electronic devices. We are organized into four reportable segments, including semiconductor process control, which encompasses a comprehensive portfolio of inspection, metrology, and data analytics products that help IC manufacturers achieve target yields throughout the semiconductor fabrication process. Our business is affected by the concentration of our customer base and our customers' capital equipment procurement schedules as a result of their investment plans. The increase in product revenues is primarily attributable to strong demand for many of our products as customers prioritize technology development investments and expand their capacity to meet resilient semiconductor end customer demand. Research and development expenses may fluctuate with product development phases and project timing, and we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our R&D to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. Our solutions are generally not sold with a right of return, nor have we experienced significant returns from or refunds to our customers. We account for a contract with a customer when there is approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, and the contract has commercial substance. The timing of revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections may result in accounts receivable, contract assets, and contract liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Our liquidity may be affected by many factors, including the normal ongoing operations of the business, spending for business acquisitions, and other factors such as uncertainty in the global and regional economies and the semiconductor, semiconductor-related, and electronic device industries. We expect that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, cash dividends, stock repurchases, and other contractual obligations. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. The increase in our gross margin during the fiscal year is primarily attributable to a higher revenue volume of products and services sold and a more profitable mix of products and services sold, partially offset by an increase in service and manufacturing costs. We continue to monitor our supply chain and work with our suppliers to identify and mitigate potential gaps to ensure continuity of supply.