In operating our business, we seek to grow our portfolio of brands through innovation, category development, and commercial execution, leveraging our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocating capital in value-creating ways. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars: elevating our core business through delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities, and expanding our markets, particularly in personal care. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. We believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities position us well relative to changing consumer product and shopping preferences. Our results of operations have been affected by the evolving macro business environment, including unprecedented volatility related to the global COVID-19 pandemic, which has disrupted supply chains and impacted consumer purchasing patterns. We aim to drive sales growth at or ahead of category growth rates through innovation, premiumization, strong brand building plans, and digital marketing investment as part of our elevate and expand growth strategy. The competitive landscape is characterized by increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters, and e-tailers, which has resulted in increased pressure on pricing and other competitive factors. We adjust our product prices based on variables including demand, the competitive environment, technological improvements, and changes in our raw material, distribution, energy, and other input costs. Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts, and financing costs, which we manage through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, and pricing actions. We continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our force program, which drives ongoing supply chain productivity. The volatility of global markets affects our production costs and the demand for our products, particularly in developing and emerging markets, where political, economic, and currency volatility can impact our operations. We are also actively monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures to address the evolving threat landscape. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue executing our strategies for long-term success, which include delivering balanced, sustainable growth by growing our brands in line with or ahead of category growth, leveraging our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocating capital in value-creating ways.