During the year, our continued investment in the pro customer helped generate broad-based demand with positive comparable sales in our core pro categories. Our perpetual productivity improvement (PPI) initiatives continued to gain efficiencies through our enhanced labor management tools, store inventory management system, and improved pricing capabilities. We expect these initiatives and our investments in the business to deliver operating margin productivity and drive meaningful long-term shareholder value going forward. We have continued to invest in our front-line associates, reflecting our commitment to becoming the employer of choice in retail. The total home strategy remained our focus for the year, which reflects our commitment to provide a full complement of products and services for pro and DIY consumers alike, enabling a total home solution for every project across the home. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. The following table provides the allocation of capital expenditures for 2022 and 2021: existing store investments 75%, strategic initiatives 15%, new stores, new corporate facilities and international 10%. We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months. Our cash flows from operations, combined with our continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, remain adequate to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. The company recognized a pre-tax $2.1 billion long-lived asset impairment of the Canadian retail business. We have a $2.0 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement, which has a maturity date of December 2026 and an aggregate availability of $2.0 billion. The amount available to be drawn under the credit agreements is reduced by the amount of borrowings under our commercial paper program. Our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed or an asset will be otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Our self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon our estimates of the discounted ultimate cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical experience. We have also converted 11 geographic areas to our market-based delivery model for big and bulky product, where product flows directly to customer homes from our distribution network, bypassing stores altogether. Our strategic initiatives aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term reflect our focus on enhancing our operational capabilities. The core demand drivers of our business are disposable personal income, home price appreciation, and the age of the housing stock. We believe we are well-positioned to gain market share through our total home strategy. The company’s methods of determining non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the method used by other companies and may not be comparable. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful insight for analysts and investors in evaluating what management considers the company's core operating performance.