We believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. Our management agreements vary, but our management fees generally consist of base management fees and incentive management fees. Base management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue. The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revpar and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates. The increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher revpar, higher co-branded credit card fees, and unit growth. In 2022, we earned incentive management fees from 61 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 47 percent in 2021. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods in excess of the amounts already recorded, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations. We made capital and technology expenditures of $332 million in 2022 and $183 million in 2021, primarily reflecting higher spending on improvements to our worldwide technology systems. Our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity investments. Our credit facility supports our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. We currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and liquidity needs. We expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $850 million to $1 billion for 2023, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities. Our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. We expect to continue to return cash to stockholders through a combination of share repurchases and cash dividends. Our segment results in 2022 improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of COVID-19. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: U.S. & Canada and International. We continue to monitor global economic conditions, and although we are not currently seeing signs of a slowdown in lodging demand, the lodging booking window is short and trends can change quickly. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.