Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on four strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, creating a winning growth culture, and scaling sustainable snacking. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our attractive global footprint, strong core of iconic global and local brands, marketing, sales, distribution and cost excellence capabilities, and top talent with a growth mindset, will drive consistent top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. We are providing all of our employees with compensation and with help in securing shelter in neighboring countries, where required and needed. We have also made cash and in-kind donations to several humanitarian aid organizations in the region. As a food company, we continue to work to support the continuity of food supply and provide packaged foods to consumers. We are complying and will comply with applicable international sanctions and other measures that have been or may be imposed on Russian entities. We continue to evaluate the situation in Ukraine and Russia and our ability to control our operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis, and we continue to consolidate both our Ukrainian and Russian subsidiaries. Our decision to suspend new capital investments in Russia has not had a material impact on our ability to meet demand within our Russian business during 2022. We believe the war in Ukraine has had a negative impact on our business throughout the rest of our Europe operating segment, but the impact of this is difficult to quantify. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Core snacks categories continued to expand due to the continued growth of snacking as a consumer behavior around the world. As part of our strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets, and improving our availability across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing, and tax planning. We experienced significantly higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor, and fuel costs that have continued to rise. We believe our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets and secure financing at competitive rates are key strengths and give us significant flexibility to meet our short- and long-term financial commitments. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. Our investments in JDE Peet's and KDP also provide us additional flexibility. We believe our current plans for each of these brands reduce the risk of impairment in future periods, but if the brand earnings expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. We use several accepted valuation methods, including relief from royalty, excess earnings, and excess margin, that utilize estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates in determining a brand's global fair value.