Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations indicates that our cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our consolidated gross margin percentage increased to 45% for 2022 from 38% for 2021, as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products, primarily due to reductions in manufacturing costs driven by strong execution in ramping our 1α DRAM and 176-layer NAND technology nodes. We expect these new fabs to fulfill our requirements for additional wafer capacity starting in the second half of the decade and beyond, in line with industry demand trends. We also expect that inflationary pressure will continue to be a headwind to costs in the first quarter of 2023. Our operating income increased primarily due to higher bit shipments and manufacturing cost reductions. R&D expenses for 2022 increased 17% as compared to 2021 primarily due to higher employee compensation from increases in headcount, higher volumes of development and prequalification wafers, and higher depreciation expense. The changes in revenue for each business unit indicate that CNBU revenue increased primarily due to increases in bit shipments to cloud, enterprise, and networking markets. The ability to tailor data and information in response to changing business needs and directions is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage. Our management believes that the accounting policies critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. Our effective tax rate increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to the geographic mix of our earnings and a valuation allowance recorded against our Idaho deferred tax assets. The changes resulted in a one-time increase to cost of goods sold of approximately $293 million in 2021. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We plan to invest in two leading-edge memory manufacturing fabs in the United States, contingent on CHIPS Act support through grants and investment tax credits. Our board of directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock through open-market purchases, block trades, privately-negotiated transactions, derivative transactions, and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The declaration and payment of any future cash dividends are at the discretion and subject to the approval of our board of directors. The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher net income adjusted for non-cash items and the effect of lower receivables, partially offset by an increase in inventories.