Nike has aligned its product creation and category organizations around a new consumer construct focused on men's, women's, and kids' while continuing to invest in data and analytics, demand sensing, insight gathering, inventory management, and other areas to create an end-to-end technology foundation, which is expected to further accelerate its digital transformation. The company believes that this unified approach will accelerate growth and unlock more efficiency for its business, while driving speed and responsiveness as it serves consumers globally. During fiscal 2022, Nike continued to invest in its digital transformation and brand campaigns, expecting to maintain multi-year investment plans to transform its business for the future. The company has experienced elevated transportation, logistics, and fulfillment costs due to market dynamics, which partially offset gross margin expansion. Nike's strategic technology investments have increased, reflecting a focus on enhancing operational efficiency and supporting heightened digital demand. The company has also streamlined its strategic execution of the consumer direct acceleration, resulting in a net reduction of its global workforce and incurring pre-tax charges related to employee termination costs. Despite challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic and market dynamics, Nike achieved record revenues, driven by growth in its direct business, which represented approximately 42% of total Nike brand revenues for fiscal 2022. The company has invested in its infrastructure to support future growth, specifically focused on digital capabilities and improvements across its supply chain. Nike's operational playbook is leveraged to mitigate impacts across the business, including balancing inventory across geographies and employing a seasonless approach to products. The company expects that its consumer direct acceleration strategy will continue to drive business towards long-term financial goals, despite the operating environment remaining volatile. Additionally, strategic technology investments have been made to support the company's digital capabilities and enhance its operational flexibility. The increase in demand creation expense is primarily due to higher advertising and marketing spend against brand campaigns, as well as continued investments in digital marketing to support heightened digital demand. Nike's global brand divisions, which include costs associated with Nike direct global digital operations and enterprise technology, have also seen increased expenses due to higher strategic technology investments. The company remains committed to effectively managing its business and mitigating financial market risks to achieve its financial goals over the long term by executing against the operational strategies outlined.