A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. We rely on information technology, and improvements in that technology, in all aspects of our business. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of information technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, data breach, or other operational difficulties. Although we maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. While we have previously experienced cybersecurity events that have had minimal impact, future events may result in more significant impacts to our operations, reputation or results of operations. These potentially impactful events could include unauthorized access to our systems, viruses, ransomware, and/or compromise, acquisition, or destruction of our data. We also could be impacted by cybersecurity events targeting third parties that we rely on for business operations, including third party vendors that have access to our systems or data and third parties in our supply chain. Such a direct or indirect cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service, cause safety failures or operational difficulties, decrease revenues, increase operating costs, impact our efficiency, damage our corporate reputation, and/or expose us to litigation or government action or increased regulation, which could result in penalties, fines or judgments. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems. If we fail to develop, acquire or implement new technology, or otherwise fail to maintain, protect or integrate our information technology systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. The increase in purchased services in 2022 was due to inflationary pressures which resulted in higher intermodal-related expenses, and increased operational and transportation expenses, as well as higher technology-related costs. The increase in purchased services in 2021 was due to increased technology costs, higher intermodal-related expenses, and increased costs associated with operational technology. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. Our ability to provide rail service to our customers depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, data exchange and communications. Deterioration in the supply chain or operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things: emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and, the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases.