The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily due to higher payroll-related costs, corporate-level professional fees, corporate occupancy costs, and information technology costs associated with the growth of the company, including the merger with Vereit. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided from operating activities, and borrowing capacity is sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable, thus requiring the recognition of an impairment. The increase in total revenue primarily relates to the merger with Vereit and acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. We expect to use our credit facility to acquire additional properties and for other general corporate purposes. Our revolving credit facility also has a $1.0 billion expansion feature, which is subject to obtaining lender commitments. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings under our revolving credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 1.8% per annum. We may choose to mitigate our financial exposure to exchange rate risk for properties acquired outside the U.S. through the issuance of debt securities denominated in the same local currency and through currency derivatives. We may leave a portion of our foreign cash flow unhedged to reinvest in additional properties in the same local currency. The increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to the acquisition of properties in 2022 and 2021, which was partially offset by property sales in those same periods. The impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 primarily relate to properties sold, in the process of being sold, or vacant. We identify the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as an impairment triggering event for properties occupied by certain of our clients experiencing difficulties meeting their lease obligations to us. The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily due to the issuance of $4.65 billion in principal of notes associated with the exchange offer and assumption of $839.1 million in principal of mortgage debt, both associated with our merger with Vereit in November 2021. Our total outstanding borrowings of senior unsecured notes and bonds, term loan, mortgages payable, revolving credit facility, and commercial paper were $17.9 billion, or approximately 29.9% of our total market capitalization of $59.9 billion. We regularly review our credit facility and commercial paper programs and may seek to extend, renew or replace our credit facility and commercial paper programs, to the extent we deem appropriate. Our credit ratings assigned by credit rating agencies can impact the interest rates charged in those transactions. We believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure. Our cash obligations are expected to be funded through cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, short-term term loans, and through public securities offerings. The increase in contractually obligated reimbursements by our clients in the periods presented is primarily due to the growth of our portfolio due to acquisitions. We anticipate maintaining the availability of our ATM program in the future, including the replenishment of authorized shares issuable thereunder. The increase in total expenses is primarily due to the increase in portfolio size, resulting in higher utilities, repairs and maintenance, property-related legal expenses, property taxes, insurance expenses, and reserves for contractually obligated reimbursements by our clients.