We experienced earnings growth in 2022, due primarily to increased producer activity across our operations, higher realized commodity prices, and higher average fee rates. Our business interruption insurance includes coverage for incurred costs and losses that are either unavoidable or incurred to mitigate or reduce losses and lost earnings. We expect to continue to operate ngl pipeline assets in medford along with existing offices for regional operations. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting diversified supply basins from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region and the permian basin with purity ngls demand from the petrochemical and refining industries and ngl export demand in the gulf coast. Our natural gas gathering and processing segment has invested in growth projects in ngl-rich areas in the williston basin. We operate an integrated, reliable and diversified network of ngl and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation and storage assets connecting supply in the rocky mountain, mid-continent and permian regions with key market centers. Our capital-growth projects include the construction of our demicks lake iii natural gas processing plant, our mb-5 fractionator, and the viking compression project. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually as of July 1, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. Our ability to efficiently reduce our ghg emissions, including through the use of lower carbon power alternatives, management practices and system optimizations, is critical to our operational effectiveness. The pace of technological advancements and industry innovation, including those focused on reducing ghg emissions and advancing other climate-related initiatives, and our ability to take advantage of those innovations and developments are essential for maintaining competitive advantage. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. The timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances is vital for our operational strategy. Our working capital deficits were driven primarily by current maturities of long-term debt. We expect our cash from operations in the remainder of 2023 and in 2024 to be impacted by incurred costs and losses resulting from the medford incident for which we will no longer receive business interruption proceeds. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement, which expires in June 2027, and access to $1.0 billion available through our "at-the-market" equity program. We assess hedging relationships at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis to determine whether the hedging relationship is, and is expected to remain, highly effective. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows and short- and long-term debt. We expect total capital expenditures, excluding afudc and capitalized interest, of $1.3-$1.5 billion in 2023. We believe this non-gaap financial measure is useful to investors because it and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. The impact of the transformation to a lower-carbon economy, including the timing and extent of the transformation, as well as the expected role of different energy sources, including natural gas, ngls and crude oil, in such a transformation, is a significant consideration in our strategic planning.