Our long-term business strategy requires capital to invest in new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain our existing stores, develop enhanced information technology systems and tools, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. We believe the increased sales are the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same-day and overnight access to inventory from our regional distribution centers and hub store network, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, the omnichannel experience, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance, and our continued focus on serving both DIY and professional service provider customers. The strength of our distribution network and our strong supplier relationships allowed us to maintain better in-stock inventory positions than the broader market and contributed to our sales growth. Our comparable store sales increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, was driven by increases in average ticket values for both professional service provider and DIY customers and positive transaction counts from professional service provider customers, partially offset by negative transaction counts from DIY customers. We opened 187 and 168 net new stores during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We anticipate new store growth will be 180 to 190 net new store openings in 2023. Our material cash requirements necessary to maintain the current operations of our long-term business strategy include, but are not limited to, inventory purchases, human capital obligations, including payroll and benefits, contractual obligations, including debt and interest obligations, capital expenditures, payment of income taxes, and other operational priorities. We expect to fund our short- and long-term cash and capital requirements with our primary sources of liquidity, which include funds generated from the normal course of our business operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, and senior note offerings. We believe the key drivers of demand over the long term for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, the number of U.S. registered vehicles, the annual rate of light vehicle sales, and the average vehicle age. Our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. For many of our product offerings, this quality differentiation reflects "good," "better," and "best" alternatives. Consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of enhanced sales and profitability in our industry. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. We believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles, and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.