Occidental's operational priorities for 2022 were to maximize operational efficiencies by investing in high return assets to generate long-term sustainable free cash flow that will provide cash flow stability throughout the commodity cycle. Occidental aims to maximize shareholder returns through a combination of enhancing its existing asset base with new investments in its core cash-generative oil and gas and chemical businesses as well as emerging low-carbon businesses with a focus on its net-zero pathway. The company focuses on operational excellence and capital efficiency, which includes advancing technologies and business solutions to help drive a sustainable low-carbon future. Occidental's oil and gas segment implements its strategy primarily by operating and developing areas where reserves are known to exist and optimizing capital intensity in core areas, maintaining a disciplined approach to capital expenditures with a focus on high-return, cash-flow-generating opportunities. The business strategy emphasizes the use of innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions and maximize efficiencies to deliver lower breakeven costs and generate excess free cash flow. Occidental's midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize value by optimizing the use of its gathering, processing, transportation, storage, and terminal commitments, while providing access to domestic and international markets. The segment evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to Occidental's subsidiaries as well as third parties. Occidental's low-carbon ventures seek to leverage its carbon management expertise through the development of carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) projects and invests in emerging low-carbon technologies that are expected to reduce its carbon footprint. The company is committed to achieving net-zero greenhouse gas emissions from its operations and energy use before 2040, with an ambition to do so before 2035. Occidental's operational flexibility to achieve low development and operating costs positions its oil and gas segment to support the transition to net-zero and create opportunities in a low-carbon future. The company’s investment choices and strategic resource allocation are designed to enhance its operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in a volatile market. Occidental's focus on technology deployment and process optimization is evident in its commitment to advancing its digital infrastructure and enhancing its information management capabilities. The company believes that its knowledge and experience in CO2 separation, transportation, use, recycling, and storage will be instrumental in supporting its transition to a less carbon-intensive economy. Occidental's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force. The firm’s IT capabilities are integral to its strategic management practices, enabling it to respond effectively to market dynamics and external influences while driving innovation and enhancing operational efficiencies across its business segments.