We offer a comprehensive portfolio of technology solutions and services, supported by HR and compliance expertise, that help our clients address the evolving challenges of HR. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client base; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, total revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. A key component of our service delivery strategy is to be a proactive partner with our clients and to develop and release integrated solutions within Paychex Flex to meet their current and future needs. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong service delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We continue to make investments in technology a priority as companies look to leverage technology solutions to maintain operations, stay connected to employees, and increase productivity. Our fiscal 2022 technology and solution developments provide a unique combination of data, technology, and service designed to meet the evolving needs of employers and employees. We have continued to evolve our products to help business leaders find, hire, and retain employees quickly and effectively with an eye on driving engagement and managing labor costs. Our proprietary, robust SaaS Paychex Flex platform allows clients to process payroll themselves or have our service team handle everything for them. These services are included as part of the integrated HCM solution within Paychex Flex or provided through the PEO platform. We believe that success in this mission will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. The workplace is evolving, and we lead the way by making complex HR, payroll, and benefits simple for our clients. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small- and medium-sized businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. We support our small-business clients, reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. Our technology solutions are designed to address the evolving challenges of HR, allowing us to maintain operational efficiency and enhance client satisfaction. We believe these investments are critical to our success, as they enable us to adapt to changing market dynamics and client needs while maintaining a competitive advantage. Our unique blend of technology solutions and expertise provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees, positioning us to navigate the challenges of the future business environment effectively.