Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The board receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the company's strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption and digitalization. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. To identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. This framework includes oversight responsibility for Pepsico's integrated risk management framework, including risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, human capital management and supply chain and commodity inflation. The board believes it is useful and effective for the full board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. Given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the committees of the board, the board and management consider short-, medium- and long-term potential impacts on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, including looking at the internal and external environment when evaluating risks, risk amplifiers and emerging trends, and considers the risk horizon as part of prioritizing the company's risk mitigation efforts. The Pepsico Risk Committee meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. The PRC is also responsible for reporting progress on our risk mitigation efforts to the board. The PRC is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically diverse, senior management group, including Pepsico's chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, sector chief executive officers and the heads of corporate affairs, human resources, research & development, information technology, sustainability, strategy, transformation, international beverages, commercial, global operations, marketing and financial planning & analysis. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws and regulations. The conflict has resulted and could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems, reputational risks, heightened risks to employee safety, business disruptions, significant volatility of the Russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets and other corporate banking services, including working capital facilities, reduced availability and increased costs for transportation, energy, packaging, raw materials and other input costs. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth.