We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, including leveraging technology to create efficiencies that help us better serve customers. Our capital and liquidity priorities are to support customers, fund business investments, and return excess capital to shareholders while maintaining appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the Basel III framework, and other regulatory expectations. Our success will depend upon effectively managing capital and liquidity, execution of our strategic priorities, management of credit risk in our portfolio, and our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment. The impact of market credit spreads on asset valuations, loan demand, and changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions are key factors affecting financial performance. We strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and needs. Retail banking's core strategy is to help all of our consumer and small business customers move forward financially, leveraging technology to make banking easier for our customers. A key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities and ATM access while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. We are continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as the usage of alternative channels has increased. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, payments, and investment products. Our technology strategy includes oversight of significant technology initiatives and programs that can position the use of technology to drive strategic advantages. We actively manage our operational risks related to new products and services, changes in processes and procedures, or the implementation of new technology. Our risk management framework includes the identification and assessment of risks associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology. We monitor the effectiveness of our technology and systems to ensure they support our business objectives and enhance operational efficiency. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and achieving our strategic goals. We are committed to enhancing our technology infrastructure to support our operational capabilities and improve our responsiveness to market dynamics. The ability to manage and utilize technology resources effectively is critical to our long-term success and performance.