We have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts of inflationary costs, such as enhancements in operational processes and investments in technology to reduce payroll hours. Centralized management costs increased due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. In order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors, we have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program, which includes upgrades to the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. We expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline, although our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities. Our development and expansion activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run, but in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost. We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers, and reduce operating costs. We expect to continue to support demand levels with increased marketing expense, lowering rental rates to new customers, and increased promotional discounting. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is impacted by the levels of growth within our same store facilities as well as within our acquired facilities and newly developed and expanded facilities. We have experienced recent inflationary impacts on our cost of operations, including labor, utilities, and repairs and maintenance, and costs of development and expansion activities. We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. Our current and expected capital resources include cash and retained operating cash flow, which we expect to satisfy through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financings. We have a $500.0 million revolving line of credit that we are able to use as temporary bridge financing until we are able to raise longer-term capital. We have made investments in led lighting and the installation of solar panels, which we expect to continue, as these investments are anticipated to enhance operational efficiency and reduce costs. Our centralized management costs include technology support, hardware, and software, as well as centralized administration of payroll, benefits, training, facilities management, customer service, pricing and marketing, operational accounting and finance, and legal costs. We expect to continue to invest in technology to enhance our operational capabilities and improve our competitive positioning in the market.