The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position. We believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows: management's plan and liquidity in the face of the global pandemic impact of COVID-19, we paused our guest cruise operations in March 2020 and began resuming guest cruise operations in 2021, with our full fleet in service by June 2022. As part of our liquidity management, we rely on estimates of our future liquidity which include numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal assumptions used to estimate our future liquidity consist of expected timing of cash collections for cruise bookings, expected sustained increase in revenue per available passenger cruise day, expected increase in occupancy levels, reaching historical levels in the spring of 2023, and inflationary increases to our operating costs. We will continue to pursue various opportunities to raise additional capital to fund obligations associated with future debt maturities and/or to extend the maturity dates associated with our existing indebtedness or facilities. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). We employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. We periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long-term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance vessels within those classes. The significant deferred drydock costs consist of maintenance activities necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. We believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. However, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or when events or circumstances dictate. The impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, and if necessary, a goodwill impairment test. The estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations. We have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. We have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted on our cash flows, liquidity and financial position by the COVID-19 pandemic. The company continually identifies and evaluates actions to maintain adequate liquidity. These include further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses and administrative costs and additional financings.