Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a fully integrated biotechnology company that invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for people with serious diseases. Our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing products and obtaining regulatory approvals. We expect to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, which require additional resources. The scope and progress of our research and development efforts, as well as the timing of expenses, are critical factors influencing our financial results. We have entered into various collaborative arrangements to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize products, which may require us to deliver various rights, services, and goods across the entire life cycle of a product. The recognition of up-front payments and development milestones earned from collaborators is deferred and recognized over the development period, typically using an input method based on research and development costs incurred relative to the total expected cost. Due to the variability in the scope of activities and the length of time necessary to develop a drug product, potential delays in development programs, and changes to development plans and budgets, revisions to our estimates are likely to occur periodically. Our research and development expenses included stock-based compensation expense, and we anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for our marketed products. The amount of funding required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs, regulatory requirements, and the various factors that affect the cost of each trial. We also anticipate continuing to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of our marketed products. Our financial condition is supported by existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our credit facility, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs under collaboration agreements. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The lengthy process of seeking regulatory approvals and compliance with applicable statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We have entered into collaboration and licensing agreements that may require us to pay amounts contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which could be significant. Our collaborators provide us with estimated expenses for the most recent fiscal quarter, and we review our estimates each period, making revisions as necessary. The company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for expected future tax consequences of events included in the financial statements, and significant judgment is required in making this assessment. We capitalize inventory costs associated with our products prior to regulatory approval when future commercialization is considered probable. Our intangible assets are reviewed for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an indicator of impairment exists, we compare the projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset to the carrying amount. The company has guaranteed all obligations under the credit facility, which includes operating covenants and a maximum total leverage ratio financial covenant. We were in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022.