The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, and resources. 2022 was transformative for SLB as we set new safety, operational, and performance benchmarks for our customers and strengthened our market position both internationally and in North America. We effectively harnessed our refocused portfolio, fit-for-basin technology, and performance differentiation to gain greater market access and improved pricing, particularly in the drilling markets where we significantly outperformed rig count growth. Additionally, we made significant progress in our sustainability initiatives during the year, including launching several new transition technologies to support the decarbonization of oil and gas. Our transition technologies portfolio revenue grew more than 30% year-on-year, and we project it will cross the $1 billion revenue mark in 2023. The secular trends of digital and decarbonization are set to accelerate with significant digital technology advancements, favorable government policy support, and increased spending on low-carbon initiatives and resources. These positive activity dynamics will be amplified by higher service pricing and tighter service sector capacity. The impact of loosening COVID-19 restrictions and an earlier than expected reopening of China could support further upside potential over 2023. Overall, the combination of these effects will result in a very favorable mix for SLB with significant growth opportunities in our core, digital, and new energy, and we expect another year of very strong growth and margin expansion. Digital & Integration fourth-quarter revenue of $1.0 billion increased 12% sequentially, propelled by the year-end exploration data licensing sales in the US Gulf of Mexico and Africa; increased asset performance solutions project activity in Ecuador and higher digital sales internationally. Digital & Integration pretax operating margin of 38% expanded 386 bps sequentially, due to improved profitability in exploration data licensing and digital solutions. Full-year revenue of $3.7 billion increased 13% year on year, primarily driven by increased asset performance solutions project activity in Ecuador and Canada and higher exploration data licensing sales in the US Gulf of Mexico. Digital & Integration pretax operating margin of 36% expanded 177 bps year on year largely due to improved profitability in exploration data licensing. The increase in working capital was largely the result of receivables increasing significantly, driven primarily by the fact that SLB's fourth quarter 2022 revenue increased 27% as compared to the same period last year. The increase in inventories was a result of the significant activity growth that SLB experienced in 2022 that is expected to continue in 2023. SLB believes these amounts, along with cash generated by ongoing operations, will be sufficient to meet future business requirements for the next 12 months and beyond. SLB's functional currency in Argentina is the US dollar, and it uses Argentina's official exchange rate to remeasure its Argentine peso-denominated net assets into US dollars. The central bank of Argentina maintains certain currency controls that limit SLB's ability to access US dollars in Argentina and remit cash from its Argentine operations. SLB has an investment in the Arabian Drilling Company, an onshore and offshore gas and oil rig drilling company in Saudi Arabia, that it accounts for under the equity method. During the fourth quarter of 2022, SLB sold a portion of its equity interest in ADC in a secondary offering that resulted in SLB receiving net proceeds of $223 million. SLB recognizes the impact of a tax position in its financial statements if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position.