Stryker is one of the world's leading medical technology companies, and we are driven to make healthcare better. We offer innovative products and services in medical and surgical, neurotechnology, orthopaedics, and spine that help improve patient and healthcare outcomes. Our goal is to achieve sales growth at the high end of the medical technology industry and maintain our long-term capital allocation strategy that prioritizes acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases. The global economy is experiencing increased inflationary pressures due to global supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. These conditions may cause our customers to decrease or delay orders for our products and services. In 2022, we achieved reported net sales growth of 7.8%. We continued our capital allocation strategy by investing in acquisitions and paying dividends to our shareholders. In February 2022, we completed the acquisition of Vocera, a leader in the digital care coordination and communication category, which reflects our strategic benefits of expanding our presence in adjacent markets and advancing innovations. This acquisition is part of our strategy to enhance our digital aspirations and improve our operational efficiency. Our operations have been adversely impacted by inflationary pressures primarily related to labor, steel, and transportation costs, as well as the impact of purchasing electronic components at premium prices. The successful bidders in China’s volume-based procurement programs may be guaranteed sales volume for certain products, while unsuccessful bidders may lose unit sales volume. We have been a winning bidder in certain national and regional volume-based procurement programs, which has impacted our commercial operations. The prices required for a successful bid have negatively impacted the commercial operations of certain products in China. Our business in China represented approximately 2.4% of our revenues in 2022. We recorded a goodwill impairment charge related to our spine business, which reflects the challenges in our operational capabilities. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates despite the current macroeconomic environment. Operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures, with excess operating cash used to fund acquisitions. We supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund our activities as necessary. We maintain debt levels that we consider appropriate after evaluating a number of factors including cash requirements for ongoing operations, investment and financing plans, and overall cost of capital. Our overall cash position reflects our business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors, and tax considerations. The ultimate cost to resolve certain legal matters and product recalls may be materially different from the current estimates and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We are involved in various ongoing proceedings, legal actions, and claims arising in the normal course of business, which may impact our operational capabilities and strategic resource allocation. Future changes in the judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in our impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets could result in significantly different estimates of fair values, which may materially affect our results of operations.