The integration of acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. Our selective acquisition strategy has also been an important contribution to the growth of our business. We believe our key competitive strengths include large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. This has generally enabled us to price our products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, business curtailments and other measures. The disruption in the supply chain has resulted in increased freight costs, raw material costs and labor costs from the ongoing inflationary environment. Our business has been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected by disruptions in our ability to timely obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. We continue to evaluate the nature and extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business, supply chain, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt. Our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. We believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business acquisitions, pay dividends to our shareholders and make opportunistic investments in our own stock, subject to any restrictions in our existing credit agreement and market conditions. The company continues to actively manage its accounts receivable, the related agings and collection efforts in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors, such as the Russia and Ukraine conflict. The company estimates its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2023 to be approximately 2% to 3% of net sales, which is consistent with its historical annual spend as a percentage of net sales. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year-to-year are funded using existing cash on hand and are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. The securitization facility effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of the domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. The company uses the proceeds from the securitization facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs.