This year was a strategic turning point for Truist as we began to shift our focus to executional excellence and purposeful growth. We continued to have strong momentum during the year with regards to other environmental, social, and governance initiatives that we have undertaken. We showed care for our teammates with a bold increase in our minimum wage; created new ways to meet clients' needs through initiatives like Truist One Banking and enhanced digital offerings like Truist Assist, Truist Invest Pro, and Truist Trade. In addition, we fulfilled our purpose to inspire and build better lives and communities in many ways throughout the year. Truist's business is dynamic and complex. Consequently, management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. During this process, management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. Achieving key strategic objectives and long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. Management focuses on integrated relationship management to deepen relationships, improve client experiences, and/or deliver the bank as one team; digitizing the enterprise through our "T3 strategy" to create a world-class client experience and streamline, simplify, and automate processes and operations; and making Truist a great place to work through our purpose-driven and inclusive culture, competitive compensation and benefits, and compelling career development and growth opportunities. Truist has made a number of strategic investments to deploy capital and expand on its businesses. The company has also established a technology risk framework that provides the foundation for technology risk strategy, program, and oversight and defines key objectives, operating model components, risk domains, and capabilities to manage this risk. Truist maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security/cybersecurity framework implemented through people, processes, and technology whereby Truist actively monitors and evaluates threats, events, and the performance of its business operations and continually adapts its risk mitigation activities accordingly. The cybersecurity strategy is enabled by continuous enhancement of Truist's multilayered defenses including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. Truist's framework requires annual exercises at a minimum to test Truist's preparedness. The board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cybersecurity risk and approves related information security policies. Truist's technology risk management includes the use of models for many purposes, including the valuation of financial positions, estimation of credit losses, and the measurement of risk. The company utilizes a comprehensive range of stress testing techniques to help monitor risks across trading desks and to augment standard daily VAR and other risk limits reporting. The stress testing framework is designed to quantify the impact of extreme, but plausible, stress scenarios that could lead to large, unexpected losses. Truist's risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite. The company has developed and employs a risk framework that further guides business functions in identifying, measuring, responding to, monitoring, and reporting on possible exposures to the organization.