We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. In support of our enterprise strategy, we expanded our supply chain capacity and digital fulfillment capabilities, including adding one new distribution center and six new sortation centers to support our growth and commitment to fast delivery times, while helping our teams work more efficiently and managing our shipping costs. We fulfilled over 50 percent of our digital sales through our same-day fulfillment options. We completed 140 full store remodels and invested in hundreds of other stores through projects to increase efficiency of our same-day services. We invested in optimizing front-end space in high-volume locations to increase the efficiency of our same-day services and built-out and opened approximately 250 Ulta beauty shop-in-shops. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. Our comparable sales growth slowed significantly, reflecting sales decreases in our discretionary categories that substantially offset growth in our frequency categories. In response to this shift in demand, we took several actions to address our inventory position and create additional flexibility in a rapidly changing environment. We expect capital expenditures in 2023 to support full-store remodels and other existing store investments, new stores, and supply chain projects. Supply chain projects will add replenishment capacity and modernize our network, including the use of sortation centers to enhance our last-mile delivery capabilities. Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities, and to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations, working capital and capital expenditure requirements, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit & risk committee of our board of directors. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for Target. We believe that our investments in technology capabilities and digital infrastructure will enhance our operational efficiency and support our business transformation initiatives. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix, and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. Our ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes is critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force.