The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology, and back office operations are included in merger-related costs. We continue to perform rationalization activities to identify duplicative networks, backhaul services, and other agreements, in addition to decommissioning certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems. To allow for the realization of these synergies associated with network integration, we retired certain legacy networks, including the legacy Sprint CDMA network and the legacy Sprint LTE network. We expect merger synergies from selling, general and administrative expense reductions and cost of service expense reductions. We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiation with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations, which could affect the amount or timing of the restructuring costs and related payments. We commenced a substantial multi-year investment working with leading external cybersecurity experts to enhance our cybersecurity capabilities and transform our approach to cybersecurity. We plan to continue to make substantial investments to strengthen our cybersecurity program in future periods. The increase in postpaid service revenues is expected to be partially offset by a decrease in wholesale and other service revenues, primarily driven by the sale of the wireline business. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect a reduction in capital expenditures related to these efforts following 2022. Future capital expenditure requirements will include the deployment of our recently acquired C-band and 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses. We have entered into uncommitted financing lease facilities with certain third parties that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services. We expect to enter into additional financing lease commitments during the year ending December 31, 2023. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the government commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. The components comprising core adjusted EBITDA increased primarily due to higher total service revenues, lower cost of equipment sales, excluding merger-related costs, and lower cost of services, excluding merger-related costs. We utilize adjusted EBITDA and core adjusted EBITDA as benchmarks to evaluate our operating performance in comparison to our competitors.