Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity and delivery capabilities, improving and developing battery technologies, and increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles. We are also increasingly focused on products and services based on artificial intelligence, robotics, and automation. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing production rate, efficiency, and capacity at our current factories. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs, and increase affordability. We will continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as autopilot and FSD, and other software features. We expect to continue to benefit from ongoing electrification of the automotive sector and increasing environmental awareness. We must work constantly to similarly increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our total deliveries. We began transitioning to a more even regional mix of vehicle builds each week, which led to an increase in cars in transit at the end of the year. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will also have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing, and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability, and optimize our supercharger locations to ensure cost-effectiveness and customer satisfaction. We remain focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously ramping new products, ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, and piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies. Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and we will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects in upcoming periods. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business. We believe that our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following December 31, 2022, as well as in the long-term. We expect our capital expenditures to support our projects globally to be between $6.00 to $8.00 billion in 2023 and between $7.00 to $9.00 billion in each of the following two fiscal years. We are committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. We continue to seek to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for solar roof. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products and hire additional personnel, particularly skilled electricians, to support the ramp of solar roof.