The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality and patient experience, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in clinic, in-home, behavioral, and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in fully accountable value-based plans rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Optum Insight revenues and earnings from operations increased due to growth in technology and managed services, with managed services revenue growth driven by business combinations and new health system partnerships. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors such as product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations, including minimum medical loss ratio thresholds and similar revenue adjustments. The commercial risk market remains highly competitive in the small group, large group, and individual segments. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, care activity, and prescription drug costs. We endeavor to mitigate those increases by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. Our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdictions, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by Optum Health, and adjusted scripts for Optum Rx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings, and cash flows at each business. The metrics also allow management and investors to evaluate and understand business mix, including the level and scope of services provided to people and pricing trends when comparing the metrics to revenue by segment. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. We continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs, and technology applications and may include acquisitions.