We utilize a proprietary software application, Total Control®, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. Total Control® is a unique customer offering that enables us to develop strong, long-term relationships with our larger customers. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control® platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. Our strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, which includes a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single lead contact who can coordinate the cross-selling of the various services we offer throughout our network. We believe that the expansion of our specialty business, as exhibited by our acquisition of General Finance Corporation, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, will further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We have a dedicated team responsible for reducing waste in our operational processes, with the objectives of condensing the cycle time associated with preparing equipment for rent, optimizing our resources for delivery and pickup of equipment, improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations, and implementing customer service best practices. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We expect that North American industry equipment rental revenue will increase approximately 4 percent based on our analyses of industry forecasts and macroeconomic indicators. The impact of inflation and increased interest rates may be significant in the future. We continue to assess the economic environment in which we operate and take appropriate actions to address the economic and other challenges we face. Our operations are impacted by global economic conditions, including inflation, increased interest rates, and supply chain constraints, and we take actions to modify our plans to address such economic conditions. Our size gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages. Our general strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, and we have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. We have experienced and are continuing to experience inflationary pressures, and a portion of inflationary cost increases is passed on to customers. The most significant cost increases that are passed on to customers are for fuel and delivery. The impact of inflation and increased interest rates may be significant in the future. Our digital capabilities and strategic acquisitions allow us to invest our capital to expand our business, further driving our ability to accomplish our strategic goals.