We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of causal human biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop innovative medicines. This approach includes advancing multiple compounds from each program, spanning multiple modalities, into early clinical trials to obtain patient data that can inform selection of the most promising compounds for later-stage development, and to inform discovery and development of additional compounds. We aim to rapidly follow our first-in-class therapies that achieve proof-of-concept with potential best-in-class candidates to provide durable clinical and commercial success. To supplement our internal research programs, we acquire technologies and programs and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations, and other organizations, as needed, to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. As we advance our product candidates through clinical development toward commercialization and market and sell our approved products, we build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials and to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require additional investments in different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis and increasing the number of people with cystic fibrosis eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions, expanded reimbursement, and the development of new medicines. We expect to continue to grow our cystic fibrosis business by increasing the number of people with cystic fibrosis who are eligible and able to receive our medicines, including younger people, and providing improved treatment options for people who are already eligible for one of our medicines. We have established a strategic collaboration and licensing agreement focused on discovering and developing therapeutics for specific diseases. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may be similar to or different from the collaborations and licenses that we have engaged in previously. Our business strategy seeks to acquire products, product candidates, and other technologies that are aligned with our corporate and research and development strategies and complement and advance our ongoing research and development efforts.