We believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. In line with our commitment to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, we remain focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. Enhancements made through these initiatives are intended to seamlessly and digitally connect all the company's functions required to service our customers in order to provide the best experience and service. We continue to make these investments to further digitalize our customer self-service and implement technologies to further enhance the safety, reliability and efficiency of our collection operations. Additionally, in 2022, we implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system and a human capital management system, which will drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified and connected employee experience. Our strategic focus, combined with strong operational execution resulted in increased revenue, income from operations and income from operations margin driven primarily by both yield and volume growth in our collection and disposal business. We remain diligent in offering a competitively profitable service that meets the needs of our customers and are focused on driving operating efficiencies and reducing discretionary spend. We continue to invest in our people through market wage adjustments, investments in our digital platform and training for our team members. We are also currently experiencing margin pressures from other commodity-driven business impacts, particularly from higher fuel prices. The constrained labor market has resulted in increased costs for wage adjustments, overtime hours and training new hires. We are encouraged by our results in 2022 and remain focused on delivering outstanding customer service, managing our variable costs with changing volumes and investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and reduce our cost to serve. Our acquisition spending in 2022 was primarily attributable to the purchase of a controlling interest in a business intended to accelerate our film and plastic wrap recycling capabilities. The company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management to prioritize investments for expansion, the replacement of aging assets and assets that support our strategy of continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. We expect to spend between $2.0 billion and $2.1 billion on capital expenditures to support our normal course business in 2023. Additionally, we expect to spend approximately $1.1 billion on capital expenditures for recycling and renewable energy growth projects in 2023. Our overall strategic pricing efforts are focused on recovering our higher cost to service our customers that we experience in our business by increasing our average unit rate. We believe that our strategic investments in our digital platform and sustainability initiatives will enhance our operational capabilities and support our long-term growth objectives. The impacts of COVID-19 on the global economy increased rapidly during the second quarter of 2020, affecting our business in most geographies and across a variety of our customer types. Over the past two years, our volumes have recovered, largely exceeding volumes from the pre-pandemic levels in 2019. We continue to monitor developments in the market and adapt our service offerings to meet the evolving needs of our diverse customer base.