We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our strategy is to provide a large-scale, reliable, and clean energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2023 are expected to be in a range from $1.40 billion to $1.70 billion, excluding the mountainwest acquisition. Growth capital spending in 2023 primarily includes transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements, projects supporting the northeast g&p business and projects supporting growth in the haynesville basin, including the louisiana energy gateway project. We also expect to invest capital in the development of our upstream oil and gas properties. Our ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. The mountainwest acquisition expands our existing transmission and storage infrastructure footprint into major markets in Utah, Wyoming, and Colorado. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of safe, clean, and reliable energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include a global recession, which could result in downturns in financial markets and commodity prices, as well as impact demand for natural gas and related products. We continuously monitor these regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations. Implementation of new or modified regulations may result in impacts to our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment. We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates for our interstate natural gas transmission pipelines. We have continued to focus on earnings and cash flow growth, while continuing to improve leverage metrics and operating costs metrics. Our expected long-term rates of return on plan assets are based on historical returns, forward-looking capital market expectations, as well as the investment strategy and relative weightings of the asset classes within the investment portfolio. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of growth capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities including the repurchase of our common stock. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that reduce emissions, and meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within the following reportable segments: transmission & gulf of mexico, northeast g&p, west, and gas & ngl marketing services, consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance and allocates resources.