We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising, and data service businesses. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. As such, we continue to allocate more capital to supply chain, omni-channel initiatives, technology and store remodels and less to new store and club openings. We have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our portfolio, primarily in the Walmart International segment, including the buyout of noncontrolling interest shareholders and the exit from operations in certain countries. We define our financial framework as strong, efficient growth, consistent operating discipline, and strategic capital allocation. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club and through Walmart+, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives that complement our flywheel strategy. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to pressure from inflation, swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence, volatility in employment trends, supply chain pressures, and ongoing uncertainties related to global health epidemics or pandemics, any of which may impact our results. Our total revenues increased primarily due to increases in net sales, which were driven by strong positive comparable sales for the Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments, as well as positive comparable sales in all of our international markets. Additionally, net sales were negatively impacted by a decrease related to the divestiture of our operations in the U.K. and Japan and fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our global investment activities, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures, and other cash requirements. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. We believe our cash flows from operations, current cash position, short-term borrowings, and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements and contractual obligations, which includes funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, and share repurchases.