Our commercial airplanes and global services businesses depend heavily on commercial airlines, and are subject to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, technological advances, price and other competitive factors. The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements and performance standards. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense-related programs with the United States Department of Defense. Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the political environment, U.S. foreign policy, macroeconomic conditions, and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation. Our sales to the U.S. government are subject to extensive procurement regulations, and changes to those regulations could increase our costs. We are also subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under U.S. government contracts. We rely on other companies, including U.S. and non-U.S. subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components, and sub-assemblies. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences financial difficulties, delivery delays, or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs. We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, and management oversight in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect, and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually. As the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders.