The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors, such as Google, Apple, Alibaba, Tencent, Amazon, and Facebook, have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. The gross profit earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a typical desktop transaction due to different consumer purchasing patterns. As a result, it is increasingly important for us to develop and maintain effective mobile apps and websites optimized for mobile devices to provide consumers with an appealing, easy-to-use mobile experience. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of Booking.com, Agoda.com, and Rentalcars.com, and our international business represents a substantial majority of our financial results. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We have observed increased brand advertising by online travel companies, meta-search services, and travel service providers, particularly in North America and Europe, which may make our brand advertising efforts more expensive and less effective. Our performance advertising efficiency is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability, including costs per click, cancellation rates, and our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological changes, as the markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing consumer demands. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We rely on performance and brand advertising channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites and grow our business. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, and other expenses associated with operating our services. We have experienced rapid growth in consumer traffic to our websites and through our mobile apps, and if our systems cannot be expanded to cope with increased demand or fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and decreased customer satisfaction. Our reliance on third-party distribution channels to distribute accommodation, rental car, and airline ticket reservations means that any interruption in these third-party services could prevent us from booking related reservations and have a material adverse effect on our business. We also face risks related to the growth rate and the global expansion of our business, including compliance with legal, regulatory, or tax requirements in multiple jurisdictions, which places demands on our time and resources.