Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We continue to deploy set-top boxes for our internet protocol ("IP") and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our x1 platform, and cloud DVR technology throughout our footprint. We have experienced, and may experience in the future, declines in the number of residential video customers due to competitive pressures and the impact of rate adjustments. We are responding to this competition, and have attempted to mitigate industry-wide declines in residential video customers at traditional multichannel video providers, through our x1 platform and sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings and service offerings targeted at specific market segments. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet services and business services and by launching additional services, such as our security and automation services. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 and DOCSIS FDX and the continued development of our x1 set-top boxes, cloud DVR and wireless gateways. Our businesses rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses. Cyber threats and attacks are directed at both known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities and are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Network, information systems and technology-related events, including those caused by us, such as process breakdowns, security architecture or design vulnerabilities, or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services. The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and the fact that we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television networks, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.