We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. The markets for our services are highly competitive from new and existing competitors. Our principal competitors include other vendors of financial services technology, data processing affiliates of large companies, and processing centers owned and operated as user cooperatives. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. We expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new well-funded competitors and new technologies. If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. Security breaches, computer malware or other "cyber attacks" could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. These events could create costly litigation, significant financial liability, increased regulatory scrutiny, financial sanctions and a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients. We may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, billers and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. If we are unsuccessful in offering products or services that gain market acceptance, or if third parties insufficiently promote our products and services, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients, to attract new ones and to grow profitably. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly, with traditional financial institutions and other market entrants regularly introducing and implementing new payment, deposit, lending, investment and risk management products. Regulatory conditions and cybersecurity scrutiny have continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance and sales personnel is critical to our success. If we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients, and we believe that our sizable and diverse client base gives us a solid foundation for growth.