We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data, including our new kite konnect platform. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, which could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information. While we have invested in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. The health care industry is subject to various federal, state, and international laws and regulations pertaining to data privacy and security. Violations of these laws or any related regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including substantial fines, civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs. We rely on relationships with other companies for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics, and commercialization of product candidates and revenues. Failure to maintain these relationships or poor performance by these companies could negatively impact our business. The products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and are subject to extensive regulation. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including those related to promotion and manufacturing, we could be subject to penalties including fines, suspensions of regulatory approvals, product recalls, and criminal prosecution. We depend on third-party contract research organizations to conduct our clinical trials, and if there is any dispute or disruption in our relationship with these organizations, our clinical trials may be delayed. We also rely on technology partners to assist in the development and maintenance of the kite konnect platform, which is critical to ensure positive prescriber and patient experience. If the technology platform is incomplete, insufficiently maintained, or develops technological issues, we may experience a disruption to the sales and logistics of our yescarta business. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and changes in tax laws could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the commercial performance of our current and future products, the progress and scope of our R&D efforts, and the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities. We continually review our R&D pipeline and the status of development and reallocate resources among the R&D portfolio that we believe will best support the future growth of our business. Our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase stock will depend upon our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions. We may face significant liability resulting from our products that may not be covered by insurance, which could materially reduce our earnings.