Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies to the marketplace in a timely manner. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services, including products and services that may be outside of our historical core business. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations. The internet is accessed through a variety of platforms and form factors that continue to evolve with the advancement of technology and user preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices and modalities, our business could be adversely affected. The functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices and modalities may make the use of our products and services or the generation of advertising revenue through such devices more difficult. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms and devices. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers and advertisers continue to exist in a dynamic, multi-platform environment. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of increasing competition, changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix. We believe our margins could experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects of our business as well as the continuing shift to mobile. We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. Additionally, changes in public policies governing a wide range of topics may adversely affect our business. The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields involves a variety of new regulatory issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. Various regulatory agencies are reviewing aspects of our search and other businesses, which can lead to increased scrutiny from other regulators and legislators that may affect our reputation, brand, and third-party relationships. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, and content providers; are not appropriately timed with market opportunities; or are not effectively brought to market. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain state-of-the-art security protections that shield against theft and security breaches. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various factors, including natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, and cyber attacks. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems.