Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. Strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans, and growth strategy, including the risks associated with our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access consumer software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We need to continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and our competitors may introduce superior products and services, reduce prices, or have greater technical, marketing, and other resources. The manner in which we respond to future developments, as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments, may affect our future operating results. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, and other information security breaches that could disrupt our business operations. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We rely on third-party vendors to host certain of our sensitive and personal information and data, and any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders. We must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various events beyond our control. We have invested, and expect to invest, in new business models, geographies, strategies, and initiatives, which may involve significant risks and uncertainties. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important as we continue transitioning to offer more connected services. We are also subject to increased risks associated with our international operations, including compliance with different or more restrictive privacy, data protection, and other laws. Our future growth depends on our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We have also started to increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties for the distribution of certain of our product offerings, which could adversely affect our financial results. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms, and if we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive.