Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities underscores the significance of IT capability in transforming a firm into a competitive force. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, and national and international political circumstances. Difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our ability to attract new capital and investors depends in part on the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business, including seeding new strategies, funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, co-investments, and supporting investment vehicles that we sponsor. We have also used our balance sheet to provide credit support to our general partner's obligations to our funds and to support certain transactions by our funds. Our capital markets segment generates fees through a variety of activities in connection with the issuance and placement of equity and debt securities and credit facilities, with the size of fees generally correlated to overall transaction sizes. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions, and we also face operational risk from transactions not being properly recorded, evaluated, or accounted for in our funds. The performance of our capital markets business is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. Our capital markets business does not generate management or monitoring fees. Our investment management activities involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the capital invested. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our results of operations and financial condition. The valuation of our level III investments represents management's best estimate of the amounts that we would anticipate realizing on the sale of these investments in an orderly transaction. Our ability to generate returns on these assets and make cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be reduced to the extent that changes in market conditions cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors for hosting solutions and technologies, and any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties could impair the quality of our and our funds' operations and could impact our reputation and materially and adversely affect our businesses.