We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business. Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the Department of Defense, congressional, and international partners' oversight and budgeting processes. Current program challenges include increasing manufacturing capabilities to meet higher customer demand for new aircraft and sustainment activities, supplier and partner performance, software development, and successfully negotiating and receiving funding for production contracts on a timely basis. Additionally, the U.S. government may enter into unilateral contract actions, which could negatively affect profit and cash flows and establish a precedent for future contracts. Our business is characterized by increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures, which necessitates a focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our customers at affordable prices. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which includes investing in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements and investing in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our operating performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training to work on certain programs or tasks. We face challenges in personnel retention due to workforce reductions and the retirement eligibility of a substantial portion of our workforce. Our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly and identify emerging technological trends is critical for maintaining our competitive advantage. We are subject to various procurement laws and regulations that affect how we do business with our customers and impose certain risks and costs on our business. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, our ability to control costs, and evolving U.S. government procurement policies. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats and unauthorized attempts to gain access to our sensitive information, which necessitates a robust information technology infrastructure and effective management of our IT capabilities. Our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans, and we conduct regular training of our employees to protect sensitive information. We also maintain compliance programs to address potential restrictions against trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information, particularly in connection with cybersecurity breaches. Our investments in information technology to support programs and general enterprise infrastructure are significant, and we expect to continue to incur capital expenditures for IT to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business processes.
Results reported within net earnings from discontinued operations only include costs that were directly attributable to the IS&GS business and exclude certain corporate overhead costs that were previously allocated to the IS&GS business. Additionally, we retained all assets and obligations related to the pension benefits earned by former IS&GS business salaried employees through the date of divestiture. Significant severance charges related to the IS&GS business were historically recorded at the Lockheed Martin corporate office. The DOJ has issued a number of civil investigative demands to MSA, Lockheed Martin, and the subsidiary of Lockheed Martin that performed information technology services for MSA, as well as current and former employees of each of these entities, and is continuing its False Claims Act investigation into matters involving MSA and the IS&GS business. The investigations relate primarily to certain information technology services performed by a subsidiary of Lockheed Martin under a fixed price/fixed unit rate subcontract to MSA. In connection with the transaction, Lockheed Martin retained certain liabilities, including liabilities associated with the New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority and its capital construction company litigation, and has indemnified Abacus and Leidos in connection with other liabilities associated with the IS&GS business, including certain liabilities associated with ongoing investigations by the Department of Energy and the Department of Justice relating to the IS&GS business's involvement in the MSA joint venture that manages and operates the Hanford nuclear site for the Department of Energy. Our business segments include Aeronautics, MFC, RMS, and Space, with a focus on advanced military aircraft, missile defense systems, and cybersecurity. We expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our strategy includes improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, placing security capability quickly into the hands of our customers, and developing and extending our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner. We operate in an environment characterized by increasing complexity in global security and economic pressures, which influences our investment decisions and resource allocation. The adoption of new accounting standards, such as ASU No. 2014-09, will change the way we recognize revenue from contracts with customers and significantly expand disclosure requirements. Our information technology capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We recognize that our IT capabilities are critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force, supporting business needs, and enhancing operational efficiency. The management of our information systems and technology resources is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring effective governance in our operations.