We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. Despite our continued vigilance and investment in information security, we or our third-party service providers cannot guarantee that we or they are able to adequately anticipate or prevent a breach in our or their systems that results in the unauthorized access to, destruction, misuse, or release of personal information or other sensitive data. Our management information systems are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, and as a result, we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as an erosion of customer confidence. We are focusing on leveraging analytics to know the customer and their homes better, understanding their plans, and designing better solutions to help them navigate their project journey. We are expanding our fulfillment options to better serve customers' needs and expectations, including investing in a new direct fulfillment center which will allow for the expansion of our online product offering and faster parcel shipping. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics, and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT, and other systems successfully. We expect continued store growth over the next five years in Canada and Mexico, and our future operating results in these countries could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including unfavorable political or economic factors, adverse tax consequences, and increased difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, and potentially disrupt our business. Our customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omni-channel sales and marketing strategy, and the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.