Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Competition in the technology sector evolves rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services, and establishing significant scale in the marketplace is necessary to achieve and maintain attractive margins. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with AI. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, and our ability to use data effectively may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services, which will reduce the operating margins we have previously achieved. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, as we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We make significant investments in new products and services that may not achieve expected returns, and commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. Our practices for data collection, use, and management are subject to regulatory review, and may result in decisions directing us to change these practices and imposing fines. Cyber threats are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them, and breaches of our network or data security could disrupt the security of our internal systems and business applications. The security of our products and services is important in our customers' decisions to purchase or use our products or services. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. Our global operations subject us to potential liability under anti-corruption, trade protection, and other laws and regulations, and compliance with these types of regulation may involve significant costs or require changes in products or business practices that result in reduced revenue. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and changes to U.S. immigration policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts.