We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our oracle cloud strategy, including our oracle software as a service (saas), platform as a service (paas), infrastructure as a service (iaas), and data as a service (daas) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. As customers deploy with the oracle cloud, many are adopting a hybrid IT model whereby certain of their IT instances are deployed using the oracle cloud, while other instances are deployed using oracle on-premise offerings. The increasing prevalence of cloud and saas delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings, dampening overall demand for our on-premise software products and services. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services or enhance and improve our product offerings in a timely manner, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud and on-premise software and hardware products and services. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release these or other new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames or if we fail to adequately integrate, support, or enhance acquired product lines or services. We are in the IT business, and our products and services, including our oracle cloud offerings, store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers’ information and data, external data, as well as our own data. We have invested significant resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. High-profile security breaches at other companies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting IT products and businesses. We also have an active acquisition program and have acquired a number of companies, products, services, and technologies over the years. We believe that our acquisitions enhance the products and services that we can offer to customers and expand our customer base. In recent periods, customer demand has increased at a greater rate for cloud-based IT deployment models relative to on-premise IT deployment models. We have placed significant strategic emphasis on growing our cloud saas, paas, and iaas revenues, which represented a growing percentage of our total consolidated revenues. Our cloud and on-premise software business engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our cloud saas, paas, and iaas offerings and the licensing of our software for on-premise and other IT environments. Our cloud offerings are generally subscription-based and recognized as revenues over the subscription period. The majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels, and our hardware business provides a broad selection of hardware products and hardware-related software products. We expect to make investments in research and development to improve existing hardware products and services and to develop new hardware products and services.