We depend on information systems and technology, some of which are provided by third parties, for many activities important to our business, including to interface with our customers and consumers; to engage in marketing activities; to enable and improve the effectiveness of our operations; to order and manage materials from suppliers; to manage inventory; to manage our facilities; to conduct research and development; to maintain accurate financial records; to achieve operational efficiencies; to comply with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements; to collect and store sensitive data and confidential information; to communicate electronically among our global operations and with our employees and the employees of our customers, suppliers, bottlers, contract manufacturers, distributors, joint venture partners and other third parties; and to communicate with our investors. We are regularly subject to cyberattacks, which can take many forms including cyber extortion, denial of service, social engineering, introduction of viruses or malware, and theft of passwords and other credentials. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and maintain our information technology infrastructure, including monitoring networks and systems, upgrading our security policies and the skills and training of our employees, and requiring our third-party service providers to do the same, our business could be disrupted. We continue to devote significant resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, and other security measures, including training, to protect our systems and data, but these security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption. Our ability to effectively promote our existing products or introduce new products, if our advertising or marketing campaigns are not effective or if we are otherwise unable to effectively respond to pricing pressure or compete effectively, may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if we are unable to grow our business in developing and emerging markets. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in these markets, including Mexico, Russia, the Middle East, Brazil, China, and India. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including Walmart, to compete effectively. Our industry has been affected by changes to the retail landscape, including the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, the integration of physical and digital operations among retailers, and the international expansion of hard discounters. We are making significant investments in attracting talent to and building our global e-commerce capabilities. We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers to utilize certain information technology support services and administrative functions, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration, and certain finance and accounting functions. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings or we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. We continue on our multi-year business transformation initiative to migrate certain of our systems, including our financial processing systems, to enterprise-wide systems solutions. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, it may impact our ability to process transactions accurately and efficiently, and remain in step with the changing needs of our business.