We rely on outsourced service providers to perform key functions, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause us to incur losses and could harm Schwab's reputation. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems, and power failures, and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. We maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, in part because of the use of the internet and mobile technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, and other external parties, including foreign state actors. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. We have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. Our fraud and cyber security teams monitor activity looking for suspicious behavior. We also face operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. We manage the exposure to third-party risk through contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third-party performance, and appropriate testing. We have established policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with all data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. Our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, and similar events. We must process, record, and monitor a large number of transactions, and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems. We are also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. System failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices, cause substantial losses for us and for our clients, and subject us to claims from our clients for damages. We have established the rates paid on client-related liabilities, and management expects that it will generally adjust the rates paid on these liabilities at some fraction of any movement in short-term rates. We have positioned Schwab to benefit from an increase in interest rates, especially short-term interest rates, by managing the duration of interest-earning assets to be shorter than that of interest-bearing liabilities, so that asset yields will move faster than liability costs.