We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats pose potential risks to the security of our IT systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. While we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including operating requirements, current and future acquisitions and the need to refinance existing debt. Our ability to issue additional debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by our debt levels, unfavorable changes in economic conditions or uncertainties that affect the capital markets. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation relating to the manufacturing, labeling and marketing of our products. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a medical device can be costly and time-consuming and approvals might not be granted timely. We have ongoing responsibilities under the laws and regulations applicable to the manufacturing of products within our facilities and those contracted by third parties that are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and other governmental authorities to determine compliance with the quality system, medical device reporting regulations and other requirements. Costs to comply with regulations can be significant. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties discussed below that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive industry in which competition in the development and improvement of new and existing products is significant. New products and surgical procedures are introduced on an ongoing basis and our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by our competitors, who may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have greater financial, marketing and other resources or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners.