We rely extensively on various information systems, including data centers, telecommunications systems, hardware, software, and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores and our e-commerce sites; to manage our customer, vendor, and associate data; to enable effective communication systems; to source, plan, and track inventory; to manage logistics; to generate performance and financial reports; to comply with regulatory requirements and to otherwise operate our e-commerce sites. Supporting these internal and external systems requires a number of resources, including effective and qualified, and in some cases, specialized, teams. As we grow and as our systems evolve, we must continue to hire, train, manage, and retain these teams, including those needed to support our customized and legacy systems in an effective way. Our information systems, and the third-party systems we rely on, may be subjected to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; system failures; cyberattacks (including malware, ransomware, and phishing attacks) and devices to tamper with our payment or other systems; catastrophic events; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors, or third-party service providers on which we rely. Although we have taken steps designed to reduce the risk of these events occurring, there can be no guarantee that we or a third party on which we rely will not suffer one of these events. Our approach to disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be adequate, and any compromises, interruptions, or shutdowns of our systems, including those managed and/or operated by third parties, whether intentional or inadvertent, could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations, cause us to suffer reputational harm, or result in liability. We modify, update, and replace our systems and infrastructure from time to time, including by adding new hardware, software, and applications; maintaining, updating, or replacing legacy programs; converting to global systems; integrating new service providers; adding enhanced or new functionality, such as cloud computing technologies and e-commerce solutions; and adding or integrating with new systems when we acquire new businesses. There is a risk of business disruption, liability, and reputational damage associated with these actions, including from not accurately capturing and maintaining data, efficiently testing and implementing changes, realizing the expected benefit of the change, and managing the potential disruption of the actions and diversion of internal teams’ attention as the changes are implemented. Further, potential issues associated with implementing technology initiatives and the time and resources required in seeking to optimize the benefits of new elements of our systems and its infrastructure could reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depend upon our information systems, including our ability to operate, maintain, and develop them effectively. A failure of those systems could disrupt our business, subject us to liability, damage our reputation, or otherwise impact our financial results. We face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition in the retail industry and for talent in various geographic markets. If we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development, and retain them in sufficient numbers and at appropriate levels of the organization, our growth could be limited and our performance could be adversely affected.