Our business, financial condition, liquidity, or operating results, as well as the price of our common stock and other securities, could be materially adversely affected by competition, industry consolidation, and changes in the market for wireless services. Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect that our customers' appetite for data services will place increasing demands on our network capacity. Significant technological changes continue to impact the communications industry, enhancing communications and enabling a broader array of companies to offer services competitive with ours. In order to grow and remain competitive with new and evolving technologies in our industry, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, continually invest in our network, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands. Our ability to attract additional customers and to provide additional services and usage to existing customers will depend on our return on investment in spectrum. We rely upon both our systems and networks and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers to provide and support our services and, in some cases, protect our customers' information and our information. Failure of our or others' systems, networks, or infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service or may allow for the unauthorized use of or interference with our networks and other systems or for the compromise of customer information. We are in the process of implementing a new billing system, which will support a portion of our subscribers, while maintaining our legacy billing system. Any unanticipated difficulties, disruption, or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. We depend heavily on suppliers, their subcontractors, and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. Our suppliers may provide services outside of the United States, which carries associated additional regulatory and legal obligations. We commonly rely upon the suppliers to provide contractual assurances and accurate information regarding risks associated with their provision of products or services in accordance with our expectations and standards. Failure of such suppliers to comply with our expectations and standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We rely on highly-skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture. The market for highly-skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to retain and motivate our existing employees and to attract new employees. If we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our existing key employees and attracting new key personnel, we may not be able to meet our business plan and, as a result, our revenue growth and profitability may be materially adversely affected. We utilize IT systems as an important part of our internal controls in order to operate, transact, and otherwise manage our business, as well as provide effective and timely reporting of our financial results. Failure to design and maintain effective internal controls, including those over our IT systems, could constitute a material weakness that could result in inaccurate financial statements, inaccurate disclosures, or failure to prevent fraud. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data and to defend against attacks seeking to disrupt our services must be continually evaluated and revised to address the ever-evolving threat landscape.