item 1a.risk factors the following are important factors we have identified that could affect our future results and an investment in our securities. although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated.
you should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. while we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. in addition, from time to time we provide information, including information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, that contains forward-looking statements concerning, among other things, projected financial performance, total addressable market, market and industry sector growth, product development and commercialization or other aspects of future operations. such statements are based on the assumptions and expectations of our management at the time such statements are made. we caution investors that our performance and any forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, the following:
global operational risks adverse economic and geopolitical conditions have in the past and may continue to impact our operations and financial performance.
our operations and performance depend significantly on global macroeconomic, specific foreign country and u.s. domestic economic conditions. over the past year, global inflation and interest rates have increased meaningfully. a deterioration in the macroeconomic environment, including the impact of high inflation, may result in decreased demand for our products and services, constrained credit and liquidity, reduced government spending and volatility in equity and foreign exchange markets. in addition, significant downturns and volatility in the global economy expose us to impairments of certain assets if their values deteriorate. tighter credit due to economic conditions may diminish our future borrowing ability and increase borrowing costs under our existing credit facilities. customers' ability to pay for our products and services may also be impaired, which could lead to an increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable.
furthermore, escalating global tensions, including due to the deterioration of the diplomatic and political relationships between the united states and other countries where we conduct business, including china, and the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, could adversely affect our future operations and lead to a decline in financial performance.
a significant portion of our business comes from outside the united states and our customers supply a wide array of goods and services to most of the world's major economic regions. international revenue represented 54.9%, 54.5% and 53.8% of our total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in fiscal year 2022, our largest geographic revenue bases were the united states, germany and japan.
when the significant economies in which we do business deteriorate or suffer a period of uncertainty, our business and financial performance may be impacted through reduced customer and government spending, changes in purchasing cycles or timing and reduced access to credit for our customers, among other events. furthermore, customer spending levels in any foreign jurisdiction may be adversely impacted by changes in domestic policies, including tax and trade policies. a substantial portion of our license and maintenance revenue is derived from annual subscription lease and maintenance contracts, which typically have a high rate of customer renewal. when the rate of renewal for these contracts is adversely affected by economic or other factors, our subscription lease license and maintenance growth is adversely affected.
we are subject to trade restrictions that could impact our ability to sell to customers and result in liabilities for violations.
due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to domestic and international trade protection laws, policies, sanctions and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. for example, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations that prohibit the shipment or provision of certain products and services to certain countries, regions and persons targeted by the united states and certain end uses identified by the united states, including the export administration regulations administered by the u.s. bureau of industry and security (bis), economic and trade sanctions administered by the u.s. treasury department's office of foreign assets control (ofac) and international traffic in arms regulations (itar) administered by the department of state's directorate of defense trade controls (ddtc).
bis continues to expand its export control restrictions and set new licensing requirements. the receipt of licenses to export to certain countries, including china, is dependent on many factors, and in the absence of a license or applicable license exception, table of contents these export control restrictions could limit our ability to deliver products and services to certain customers and our ability to sell products and services to customers in the future. additionally, bis continues to add more companies, including existing customers, to its entity list and unverified list, and ofac continues to increase the number of companies subject to its sanctions, which could limit the companies with which we can do business.
in addition, restrictions implemented by ofac could limit our ability to sell to, or transact with, restricted individuals, entities or countries. adding companies as restricted parties and subjecting companies to heightened export control restrictions may encourage those companies to seek substitute products from competitors whose products are not subject to these restrictions or to develop their own products. we cannot predict whether or when any changes will be made that eliminate or decrease these limitations on our ability to sell products and provide services to these customers. additionally, other existing and prospective customers may be added as restricted parties and/or be subjected to trade restrictions and additional end uses may be identified for further restrictions, and such actions may result in other indirect impacts that cannot be quantified, including the imposition of additional trade restrictions on our business by the united states, china or other countries. restrictions on our ability to sell and ship to customers could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
our products could also be delivered to restricted parties by third parties, including our channel partners. we take measures to confirm that our channel partners comply with all applicable trade restrictions, but any failure by channel partners to comply with such restrictions could have negative consequences for us.
violators of trade restrictions or restricted end uses may be subject to significant penalties, which may include considerable monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges and suspension or debarment from selling products or services to the federal government. any such penalties could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements. in addition, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation could cause significant expense and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing normal day-to-day operations.
if we are unable to attract and retain key talent, our business could be adversely affected.
due to the highly technical nature of our products and services, our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain particular employees with specialized skill sets. these skilled roles have been and are expected to continue to be challenging to fill given the recent job market dynamics, including wage inflation and the general labor market shortage, which has caused an increase in competition for talent within the technology industry. additionally, our talent has been, and continues to be, the subject of recruitment by our competitors and we may incur significant cost to attract and retain our skilled employees. remote and hybrid options remain the primary means of work. our working environment options may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain employees who prefer a different working environment. furthermore, operating in a remote and hybrid environment could have a negative impact on our corporate culture which could negatively affect the workforce and decrease retention rates. while we have non-competition and non-solicitation agreements with many of our current employees, the enforceability of these agreements may be limited by the courts.
in addition, our success depends upon the continued service of our senior executives and our key technical and sales employees. most of these individuals could terminate their relationship with us at any time. the loss of any of them for which there has not been adequate knowledge-sharing and transfer might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and could materially harm our business and customer relationships.
while we have historically recruited globally for positions in the united states, in recent years our ability to do so has been curbed by more restrictive domestic immigration laws. if the immigration laws become even stricter or the processing of immigration requests becomes even more cumbersome or less efficient, or if we have less success in recruiting and retaining key personnel, our business, reputation and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
failure to comply with global data privacy laws could give rise to regulatory enforcement action, monetary penalties, loss of the ability to do business in certain jurisdictions or reputational harm.
we are subject to global data privacy laws and regulations addressing the processing of personal data. as the global focus on data privacy regulation continues to increase, standards governing the processing of personal data continue to become more strict, conflicting and numerous. as a result, potential risks may intensify as our global business pursues data privacy compliance.
the general data protection regulation (european union), the data protection act (united kingdom), the personal information protection and electronic documents act (canada), the personal information protection law (china), the law concerning the protection of personal information (japan), the personal information protection act (south korea), many state and federal privacy laws within the united states and other similar global laws in locations in which we do business table of contents
(collectively, "privacy laws") govern our global data privacy practices. additionally, privacy laws impose abundant compliance obligations related to our processing of personal data arising from: (i) the delivery of our products and services to our customers; and (ii) our business operations involving employee data.
compliance with privacy laws has and will continue to require the deployment of substantial resources and increased costs. as the global data privacy landscape continues to change, including: (i) new and varying restrictions on the transfer of personal data across borders; (ii) the growing list of privacy rights afforded to individuals of certain jurisdictions; (iii) data minimization requirements; and (iv) the growing number of governmental agencies dedicated to the preservation of data privacy rights, we may be required to make significant changes to our software applications or business operations. such changes may increase the cost and complexity of delivering our products and services in some markets, require an investment in additional resources or tools to manage our data privacy compliance, give rise to operational interruption in the performance of services for customers or adversely affect the internal processing of employee information.
failure to comply with privacy laws may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, loss of the ability to do business in certain jurisdictions or inquiries and investigations into our activities; all of which could result in monetary penalties, reputational damage, lawsuits, extensive and prescriptive consent decrees or judgments. additional software resources, increased workforce or added expenses may be required to return us to a compliant data privacy status.
failure to comply with laws and regulations could harm our business.
we develop and sell software and consulting services and maintain support operations in various countries whose laws and practices differ from one another and are subject to unexpected changes. furthermore, our business is subject to regulation by various global governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, import/export controls, securities laws, laws related to compliance with u.s. government contracts and tax laws and regulations. in certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the united states. managing these geographically diverse operations requires significant attention and resources to promote compliance.
our global reach includes countries considered high-risk environments for public corruption. this exposes us to risks associated with violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. to promote compliance, we forbid our agents, channel partners and employees from engaging in corrupt behavior and we have a compliance program to prevent and detect violations of anti-corruption laws. there remains, however, a risk that illegal conduct could occur thereby exposing us to the financial and reputational risks associated with a violation of anti-corruption laws.
non-compliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties or injunctions and may result in our inability to provide certain products and services to existing or prospective customers. if any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation or if customers make claims against us for compensation, our business and consolidated financial statements could be harmed. in addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management's attention and resources and an increase in professional fees and costs. enforcement actions and sanctions could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
the effects of covid-19 on our business, employees and consolidated financial statements are uncertain.
we are continuing to conduct business during the covid-19 pandemic with modifications to our workforce locations. remote and hybrid access remain the primary means of work for most of our workforce. remote and hybrid work arrangements may negatively impact our corporate culture, expose us to increased risk of cyber incidents given that employees do not have access to technology as robust as in our offices, or delay work due to reduced or limited access to technologies, equipment or services.
the situation surrounding the covid-19 pandemic remains fluid. the duration and extent of the impact from the covid-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the development of virus mutations and variants, timing and effectiveness of vaccination efforts in the markets where we do business, the nature and scope of government economic recovery measures and the extent and effectiveness of containment actions. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many other risks and uncertainties described in this "risk factors" section.
a catastrophic event or infrastructure failure could result in the loss of business and adverse financial consequences.
our personnel, source code and computer equipment is located in various regions throughout the united states and the world. a natural disaster (including significant disruptions in weather as a result of global climate change), cyberattack, terrorist act, table of contents pandemic or other unforeseen catastrophe in any of these areas or a breakdown in our business infrastructure, such as an interruption in power supply, telephone system or information technology systems, could cause disruptions to our sales, operations, services and product development activities. as our sales are generally greater at the end of a quarter, the potential adverse effects resulting from any of these events would be accentuated if they occurred at quarter end.
effective business continuity, disaster recovery and crisis management plans are critical to minimizing the impact of such unplanned or unexpected events. we also face increasing customer certification requirements with respect to such systems. failure to establish plans that effectively mitigate the impacts of these disruptions or meet customer certification requirements could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
see "the effects of covid-19 on our business, employees and consolidated financial statements are uncertain" portion of this "risk factors" section for a description of the risk associated with the pandemic.
industry operational risks our industry is highly competitive, which could result in downward pressure on our prices.
we continue to experience competition across all markets for our products and services. some of our current and potential competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do, and some have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers. our current and potential competitors also include firms that have competed, or may in the future compete, by means of open source licensing. companies we have, or could have, strategic alliances with could reduce or discontinue technical, software development and marketing relationships with us for competitive purposes.
if our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services, or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, we may lower prices or offer discounts or other favorable terms to compete successfully. our maintenance products, which include software license updates and product support fees, are generally priced as a percentage of new software license fees. our competitors may offer lower percentage pricing on product updates and support. some competitors may bundle software products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices, product implementations or wider geographical license usage provisions. any of these practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for certain products.
furthermore, if we do not adapt pricing models to reflect changes in customer usage of our products or changes in customer demand, our software license revenues could decrease. additionally, increased distribution of applications through application service providers, including software-as-a-service providers, may reduce the average price or margin of our products or adversely affect other sales of our products, reducing new software license revenues or profitability.
these competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions and/or increased operating costs, and could result in lower revenues, margins and net income.
we may not be successful in developing and marketing new products to adequately address the rapidly changing technology industry.
we operate in an industry generally characterized by rapidly changing technology and frequent new product introductions. a major factor in our future success will be our ability to anticipate technological changes and to develop and introduce, in a timely manner, new products and new ways to deliver them to meet those changes. our ability to grow revenue will be dependent on our ability to respond to customer needs in the areas of, among others, next generation connectivity, autonomous vehicles, iiot, electrification and sustainability, and to leverage cloud computing and new computing platforms. in addition, our future success may depend on our ability to continue to develop a systems integrator ecosystem able to handle integrations and process and application development to address the challenge of the increasingly complex integration of our products' different functionalities to address customers' requirements. for those customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security and integrity of the data transmission or processing. despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our business.
we devote substantial resources to research and development, which could cause our operating profits to decline.
we devote substantial resources to research and development. new competitors, technological advances in the software development industry by us or our competitors, acquisitions, entry into new markets or other competitive factors may require us to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated. if we are required to invest significantly greater resources than table of contents anticipated without a corresponding increase in revenue, operating profits could decline. in addition, our periodic research and development expenses may be independent of our level of revenue, which could negatively impact financial results.
there can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing and marketing, on a timely basis, new products or product enhancements or that the new products will adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace or that we will successfully manage the transition from existing products. software products as complex as those we offer may contain undetected errors, defects or vulnerabilities when first introduced or as new versions are released, and the likelihood of errors, defects or vulnerabilities is increased as a result of our commitment to the frequency of product releases.
there can be no assurance that errors, defects or vulnerabilities will not be found in any new or enhanced products after the commencement of commercial shipments. the occurrence of any defects or errors in our products could result in lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our products, delays in payment to us by customers, loss of customers or market share, product returns, damage to our reputation, diversion of our resources, increased service and warranty expenses or financial concessions, increased insurance costs and liability for damages.
company operational risks we are dependent upon our channel partners for a significant percentage of our revenue and usage of channel partners presents certain heightened compliance risks.
we distribute our products through a global network of independent channel partners, which accounted for 23.9%, 23.7% and 22.2% of our revenue during the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. channel partners sell our software products to new and existing customers, expand installations within the existing customer base, offer consulting services and provide the first line of technical support. in the apac and emea regions, we are highly dependent upon our channel partners. difficulties in ongoing relationships with channel partners, such as failure to meet performance criteria and differences in handling customer relationships, could adversely affect our performance. additionally, the loss of any major channel partner, including a channel partner's decision to sell competing products rather than ours, could result in reduced revenue. moreover, our future success will depend substantially on the ability and willingness of our channel partners to dedicate the resources necessary to understand and promote our expanding portfolio of products and to support a larger installed base within each of our geographic regions. if the channel partners are unable or unwilling to do so, we may be unable to sustain revenue growth.
the business relationships with many of our channel partners are recently established and could result in additional compliance burdens for us. in addition, these channel partners have a less-established payment history and revenue from these channel partners could come with a higher rate of bad debt expense. where channel partners operate on our behalf to collect and process personal data of customer contacts, failure to comply with relevant data privacy laws in the handling of such personal data could result in liability to us for any fines, civil suits or non-financial performance obligations imposed by regulatory authorities on these partners with respect to our customer data.
certain products require a higher level of sales and support expertise. failure of our sales channel, particularly the independent channel partners, to obtain this expertise and to sell the new product offerings effectively could have an adverse impact on our sales in future periods. any of these problems may result in the loss of or delay in customer acceptance, diversion of development resources, damage to our reputation or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
we may not be able to realize the potential benefit of our acquisitions and such acquisitions could pose risks to our business.
we acquire businesses and technology to support our long-term strategic direction.
each acquisition that we complete may present risks, including: difficulty in integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures and operations of the companies or businesses; failing to achieve anticipated synergies, revenue increases or cost savings; difficulty incorporating and integrating the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines; difficulty with coordinating and integrating sales, distribution and marketing functions; failure to develop new products and services that utilize the technologies and resources of the companies; disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management's attention to transition or integration issues; liabilities that were not identified during the acquisition process; the loss of our key employees, customers, partners and channel partners or those of the acquired companies or businesses; and cybersecurity and data privacy risks.
future acquisitions may involve the expenditure of significant cash resources; the incurrence of debt, which increases our interest expense and leverage; or the issuance of equity, which could be dilutive to stockholders and may decrease earnings per table of contents share. we allocate a portion of the purchase price to goodwill and intangible assets. if we do not realize all the economic benefits of an acquisition, there could be an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. furthermore, impairment charges are generally not tax-deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the period the impairment is recorded.
if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by our management or financial and industry analysts, there could be a significant adverse effect on our stock price, business and consolidated financial statements.
the ongoing digital transformation of our operational processes may not achieve the benefits identified.
we are in the process of implementing new processes, tools and technology to transform our business operations to enable future scalability. while these transformations are anticipated to streamline, automate and deliver efficiencies across multiple commercial and operational processes within the business, there is a risk that the systems could be more difficult to implement than anticipated and that the benefits of such systems could be substantially delayed. there is also a risk that we will have to write off previously capitalized expenditures if the projects are not successful or if implementation decisions regarding the project are modified. factors that could further delay the timing of benefits realization include:
•changes in leadership and project objectives;
•additional needs for technical expertise and manpower; and
•longer than anticipated time horizon for employee adoption and mastery.
any of the above could divert efforts of key operational management away from other aspects of the business, including the maintenance of current commercial and business platforms, and result in increased consulting and software costs. these factors could have a significant negative impact on our business and consolidated financial statements.
we may be subject to proceedings that could harm our business.
we are subject to various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits and litigation, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. use or distribution of our products could generate product liability, particularly with respect to new ways of going to market, including offering our products in cloud environments, selling software as a service and licensing or otherwise providing our products as part of a third-party developer ecosystem, regulatory infraction or similar claims by our customers, end users, channel partners, government entities or other third parties. sales and marketing activities that impact processing of personal data, as well as measures taken to promote license compliance, may also result in claims by customers and individual employees of customers. each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a significant adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements as well as cause reputational damage.
we may suffer reputational or financial harm if we have product standard or quality issues.
we have separate quality systems and registrations under the iso 9001:2015 standard in addition to other governmental and industrial regulations. our continued compliance with quality standards and favorable outcomes in periodic examinations is important to retain current customers and vital to procure new sales. if it was determined that we were not in compliance with various regulatory or iso 9001 standards, our certificates of registration could be suspended, requiring remedial action and a time-consuming re-registration process. product quality issues or failures could result in our reputation becoming diminished, resulting in a material adverse impact on our business and consolidated financial statements.
our short-term and long-term sales forecast may not be accurate, which could result in an adverse impact on our business and consolidated financial statements.
the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles. these long sales cycles increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. many operational and strategic decisions are based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts. our sales personnel continually monitor the status of proposals, including the estimated closing date and the value of the sale, in order to forecast quarterly sales. these forecasts are subject to significant estimation and are impacted by many external factors, including global economic conditions and the performance of our customers.
a variation in actual sales activity from that forecasted could cause us to plan or budget incorrectly and, therefore, could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements. management also forecasts macroeconomic trends and developments and integrates them through long-range planning into budgets, research and development strategies and a wide variety of general management duties. global economic conditions, and the effect those conditions and any table of contents disruptions in global markets have on our customers, may have a significant impact on the accuracy of our sales forecasts. these conditions may increase the likelihood or the magnitude of variations between actual sales activity and our sales forecasts and, as a result, our performance may be hindered because of a failure to properly match corporate strategy with economic conditions. this, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements. to the extent our forecasts are incorrect and, as a result, we fail to meet analyst expectations regarding financial performance or miss or reduce the financial guidance we give to investors, our share price may be adversely impacted.
we may not meet our targets and strategies relating to environmental, social and governance considerations, which could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on our business.
we have established targets and strategies related to our reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. our ability to achieve any such targets or strategies is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing and changes in carbon markets. failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our targets or strategies related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations and reputation, and increase risk of litigation.
furthermore, many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human capital and diversity, equity and inclusion. we make statements about our environmental, social and governance targets and strategies through information provided on our website, press statements and other communications, including through our corporate responsibility report. responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of these targets and strategies involves risks and uncertainties, including those described under "note about forward-looking statements". in addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our targets and strategies and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. stakeholders also may have very different views on where environmental, social and governance focus should be placed, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our targets, further our strategies, adhere to public statements, comply with federal, state or international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
intellectual property risks our success is highly dependent upon the legal protection of our proprietary technology.
we primarily rely upon contracts, copyright, patent, trademark and trade secrets laws to protect our technology. we maintain intellectual property programs, including applying for patents, registering trademarks and copyrights, protecting trade secrets, entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers and partners and limiting access to and distribution of our software, documentation and other proprietary information. however, software programs are particularly prone to piracy, which is a global phenomenon, and as a result we may lose revenue from piracy or usage and distribution of unlicensed software. additionally, patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection do not provide the same coverage in every country in which we sell our products and services and some forms of contractual protections (including limited licenses, "click-wrapped" licenses and online agreement) may not be adequately enforced. policing the unauthorized distribution and use of our products is difficult, and software piracy (including online piracy) is a persistent problem. while we continue to develop better mechanisms to detect and report or investigate unauthorized use of our software, we are also constrained by data privacy laws that restrict our ability to collect data about unlawful usage in some countries. we cannot assure that the steps we take to protect our proprietary technology are adequate to prevent misappropriation of our software by third parties, or that third parties will not copy our technology or develop similar technology independently to compete with our products. despite our efforts to prevent such activities, we may nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of our software or technology.
in the event of a misappropriation of our intellectual property, costly and time-consuming litigation may be necessary to enforce our rights. in addition, third parties may subject us to infringement claims with respect to their intellectual property rights. any such litigation could be costly to defend, damage our reputation and distract our employees from their daily work. any successful infringement claims asserted against us could require us to develop technology workarounds for the impacted technologies, products or solutions, which could be costly, disrupt product development and delay go-to-market activities. such disruption and delay could negatively impact our financial results.
table of contents we may not be able to continue to obtain licenses to third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, which may disrupt our business and harm our financial results.
we license third-party software, including third-party open source software, and other intellectual property for use in product research and development and, in some instances, for inclusion in our products. we also license third-party software, including the software of our competitors, to test the interoperability of our products with other industry products and in connection with our solutions and professional services. these licenses may need to be renegotiated or renewed from time to time, or we may need to obtain new licenses in the future. third parties may stop adequately supporting or maintaining their technology, or they or their technology may be acquired by our competitors who elect to terminate our contractual relationship. furthermore, third parties may challenge our use of open source software and compliance with the open source software license terms, or we may inadvertently use third-party open source software in a manner that exposes us to non-compliance claims. we may, additionally, acquire companies that license third-party software from our competitors or others who may elect to terminate the contractual relationship once the acquisition is announced. if we are unable to obtain licenses to such third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to sell the affected products, our customers' usage of the products may be interrupted or our product development processes and professional services offerings may be disrupted, which could in turn harm our financial results, our customers' ability to utilize our software and our reputation.
cybersecurity risks cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims or harm to our reputation.
while we undertake commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and improve the security and integrity of our products, source code, computer systems and data with respect to the relative sensitivity of such software, systems and data, the number of computer "hackers" developing and deploying destructive software programs that attack our products and computer systems continues to increase. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to enhance our cybersecurity efforts. because the tactics and tools used to obtain unauthorized access to networks or to sabotage systems are constantly evolving, we may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures. furthermore, employees working from remote work environments could expose us to increased security risks and attacks. such attacks could disrupt the proper functioning of our products, cause errors in the output of our customers' work, or allow unauthorized access to and disclosure of our sensitive, proprietary or confidential information or that of our customers and employees. in the event of a serious breach of our products or systems, or where a breach occurs due to our failure to implement reasonable and appropriate safeguards, our reputation may suffer, customers may stop buying products or may terminate current services, we could face lawsuits and potential civil liability, as well as regulatory fines and non-financial penalties for any personal data breach and our financial performance could be negatively impacted.
there is also a danger of industrial espionage, cyberattacks (including state-sponsored attacks), misuse, theft of information or assets (including source code) or damage to assets by people who have gained unauthorized access to our facilities, systems or information. we have in the past, and may in the future, experience such attacks. this includes access to systems or information through email phishing attacks on our employees, which has become a very prevalent technique used against companies, often delaying detection through increasingly complex practices. the objective of these attacks is often to acquire user account credentials in order to access other computer systems through linked accounts or where users have recycled passwords across systems. the attack against solarwinds in 2020, in which hackers inserted malware into a solarwinds software update, highlights the growing risk from the infection of software while it is under assembly, known as a supply chain attack. as a software provider, we could become a vector for a similar style attack or could ourselves become the subject of a significant network breach through our usage of compromised third-party software. similarly, subversion of popular open source modules, such as the recently exploited log4j vulnerability represents a widespread and ongoing risk across the software development sector.
inadequate security practices or inadvertent acts or omissions by our employees and partners may also result in unauthorized access to our data. employees or third parties may also intentionally compromise our or our customers' security or systems. such cybersecurity breaches, misuse of data or other disruptions could lead to loss of or unauthorized disclosure of our source code or other confidential information, unlicensed use and distribution of our products without compensation, illegal use of our products that could jeopardize the security of customer information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and theft, manipulation and destruction of proprietary data, resulting in defective products, performance downtimes and possible violation of export laws and other regulatory compliance requirements. although we actively employ measures to combat such activities, preventing unauthorized access to our systems and data is inherently difficult. in addition, litigation to either pursue our legal rights or defend any claims against us could be costly and time-consuming and may divert management's attention and adversely affect the market's perception of us and our products.
table of contents we have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity attacks and incidents in the past that have resulted in unauthorized persons gaining access to our information and systems, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. to date, no cybersecurity incident or attack described herein has had a material impact on our business or consolidated financial statements.
a number of our core processes, such as software development, sales and marketing, customer service and financial transactions, rely on it infrastructure and applications. we also rely on third-party service providers and products, which are exposed to various security vulnerabilities outside of our control. malicious software, sabotage and other cybersecurity breaches of the types discussed above could cause an outage of our infrastructure, which could cause short-term disruption in operations or, in the event of a longer disruption, lead to a substantial denial of service to our customers and ultimately to production downtime, recovery costs and customer claims for breach of contract, as well as reputational damage and impact to employee morale and productivity.
we rely on service providers for infrastructure and cloud-based products.
we use a number of third-party service providers, which we do not control, for key components of our infrastructure, particularly with respect to development and delivery of our cloud-based products. the utilization of these service providers gives us greater flexibility in efficiently delivering a more tailored, scalable customer experience, but also exposes us to additional risks and vulnerabilities. third-party service providers operate their own platforms that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. we may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time as a result of problems with our third-party service providers' infrastructure. lack of availability of this infrastructure could be due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, natural disasters (including significant disruptions in weather as a result of global climate change), fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. such outages could lead to the triggering of our service level agreements and the issuance of credits to our cloud-based product customers, which may impact our business and consolidated financial statements. in addition, those of our products and services that depend upon hosted components are vulnerable to security risks inherent in web-based technologies, including greater risk of unauthorized access to or use of customers' protected data. interception of data transmission, misappropriation or modification of data, corruption of data and attacks by bad actors against our service providers may also adversely affect our products or product and service delivery. malicious code, viruses or vulnerabilities that are undetected by our service providers may disrupt our business operations generally and may have a disproportionate effect on those of our products that are developed and delivered in the cloud environment. if our security, or that of any of our third-party service providers, is compromised, our software is unavailable or our customers are unable to use our software within a reasonable amount of time or at all, then our business and financial statements could be adversely affected.
these risks, though largely outside our control, may impact customer perception of our products, service and support, and may damage our brand. while we devote resources to maintaining the security and integrity of our products and systems, as well as ensuring adequate due diligence for our third-party service providers, cloud security and reliability is inherently challenging. in the event of a material breach of data hosted by our service providers or a serious security incident on behalf of, caused by or experienced by a service provider, we may experience significant operational and technical difficulties, loss of data including customer data, diminished competitive position or reputation and loss of customer engagement, which could result in civil liabilities and a negative impact to financial performance. it is also possible that our customers and potential customers would hold us accountable for any breach of security affecting a third-party service provider's infrastructure and we may incur significant liability from those customers and from third parties with respect to any breach affecting these systems. we may not be able to recover a material portion of our liabilities to our customers and third parties from a third-party cloud provider.
financial risks foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.
as a result of our significant international presence, we have revenue, expenses, cash, accounts receivable and payment obligations denominated in foreign currencies, most notably the euro and japanese yen. our operating results are adversely affected when the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies and are positively affected when the u.s. dollar weakens relative to foreign currencies. additionally, when the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, certain channel partners who pay us in u.s. dollars may have trouble paying on time or may have trouble distributing our products due to the impact of the currency exchange fluctuation on their cash flows. this may impact our ability to distribute our products into certain regions and markets.
we seek to reduce our currency exchange transaction risks primarily through our normal operating and treasury activities, including derivative instruments, but there can be no assurance that these activities will be successful in reducing these risks. in addition, we incur transaction fees in the usage of such derivative instruments. changes in currency exchange rates may adversely affect or create considerable volatility in our consolidated financial statements.
table of contents changes to tax laws, variable tax estimates and tax authority audits could impact our financial results and operations.
our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the united states and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. a change in the tax law in the jurisdictions in which we do business, including an increase in tax rates, an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense or a decrease in tax rates in a jurisdiction in which we have significant deferred tax assets, could result in a material increase in tax expense. furthermore, we have recorded significant deferred tax liabilities related to acquired intangible assets that are not deductible for tax purposes. these deferred tax liabilities are based on future statutory tax rates in the locations in which the intangible assets are recorded. any future changes in statutory tax rates would be recorded as an adjustment to the deferred tax liabilities in the period the change is announced and could have a material impact on our effective tax rate during that period. additionally, changes in tax laws could impact operating cash flow due to changes in timing of payments required as well as the overall rate we are required to pay.
the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") has suggested fundamental changes in allocation of profits among tax jurisdictions in which companies do business, as well as the implementation of a global minimum tax (namely the "pillar one" and "pillar two" proposals). many countries are in the process of implementing laws based on pillar two proposals, which may adversely impact our provision for income taxes, net income and cash flows. these proposals also entail significant compliance obligations and if we are unable to successfully transition our business systems, processes and internal controls, it could impact our ability to meet financial and tax reporting deadlines.
we also make significant estimates in determining our worldwide income tax provision. these estimates involve complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions and are subject to many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the outcome of tax matters could be different than the estimates reflected in the historical income tax provision and related accruals. such differences could have a material impact on income tax expense and net income in the periods in which such determinations are made.
the amount of income tax we pay is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. these audits can result in additional assessments, including interest and penalties. our estimates for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions are highly judgmental and actual future outcomes may result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities, including estimates for uncertain tax positions, in the period the assessments are made or resolved, audits are closed or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. as a result, our effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly or annual basis.
our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have outstanding borrowings of $755.0 million under a term loan facility, which matures on june 30, 2027. we also have access to a $500.0 million revolving loan facility, which includes a $50.0 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. the credit agreement governing these loans contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. the credit agreement also contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio not in excess of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter (for the four-quarter period ending on such date) with an opportunity for a temporary increase in such consolidated net leverage ratio to 4.00 to 1.00 upon the consummation of certain qualified acquisitions for which the aggregate consideration is at least $250.0 million.
notwithstanding the limits contained in the credit agreement governing our term loan facility and revolving loan facility, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, investments or acquisitions or for other purposes. if we do so, the risks related to our level of debt could intensify. specifically, our level of debt could:
•make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations and other ongoing business obligations, which may result in defaults;
•result in an event of default if we fail to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the agreement governing our debt, which could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable or require us to negotiate an amendment to financial or other covenants that could cause us to incur additional fees and expenses;
•limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements;
•reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industries in which we operate and the overall economy;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors;
any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt agreement.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. this section generally discusses our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. for discussion and analysis of our results for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our 2021 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 23, 2022.
business ansys, a corporation formed in 1994, develops and globally markets engineering simulation software and services widely used by engineers, designers, researchers and students across a broad spectrum of industries and academia, including high-tech, aerospace and defense, automotive, energy, industrial equipment, materials and chemicals, consumer products, healthcare and construction. headquartered south of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, we employed 5,600 people as of december 31, 2022. we focus on the development of open and flexible solutions that enable users to analyze designs on-premises and/or via the cloud, providing a common platform for fast, efficient and cost-conscious product development, from design concept to final-stage testing, validation and deployment. we distribute our suite of simulation technologies through direct sales offices in strategic, global locations and a global network of independent resellers and distributors (collectively, channel partners). it is our intention to continue to maintain this hybrid sales and distribution model. we operate and report as one segment.
our strategy of pervasive insights seeks to deepen the use of simulation in our core market, to inject simulation throughout the product lifecycle and extend the accessibility to a broader set of users and use cases. our business has three vectors of growth:
•more products. our broad and deep multiphysics portfolio enables us to grow with customers as they use simulation to solve more complex problems across a broad set of industries.
•more users. investments in simulation education and user experience simplification has made simulation more accessible to a broader user base.
•more computations. larger and more complex simulations drive more computation, requiring customers to use more ansys licenses to complete their simulations.
through decades of investments in the academic community and enhanced user experiences, our solutions have become accessible and relevant beyond our core "engineering" end user, to reach more users upstream and downstream from our core, which is the product validation process. our multiphysics solutions enable our customers to address increasingly complex r&d challenges from the component through the system and mission level of analysis. our products seamlessly enable access to high performance compute capacity to run simulations, on-premises or in the cloud, which means our customers' r&d teams are unencumbered by compute capacity limitations that can hinder r&d cycle times.
the engineering software simulation market is strong and growing. the market growth is driven by customers' need for rapid, quality innovation in a cost-efficient manner, enabling faster time to market for new products and lower warranty costs. increasing product complexity is driving sustained demand for simulations. key industry trends fueling customers' increasing needs for simulation include:
•connectivity;
•sustainability, including minimizing waste and physical prototyping, and improving circularity and development time.
we have been investing and intend to continue to invest in our portfolio to broaden the range of physics and enable customers to analyze the interactions among physics at the component, system and mission level. our strategy is aligned with the near-term market growth opportunities and is laying the foundation for a future where simulation can be further democratized to broader classes of end-users and end-use cases.
to augment our organic development roadmaps, we intend to continue our strategic and disciplined acquisition strategy to grow our business. our strategy is to partner with industry leaders to extend simulation into other ecosystems and customer r&d table of contents workflows. our business is built on a culture of high ethical standards and commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging.
we license our technology to businesses in a diverse set of industries, educational institutions and governmental agencies. we believe that the features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of our software products are as strong as they have ever been. the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles which increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. we make many operational and strategic decisions based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts that are impacted not only by these long sales cycles, but also by current global economic conditions. as a result, we believe that our overall performance is best measured by fiscal year results rather than by quarterly results. please see the sub-section entitled "company operational risks" under part i, item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of the potential impact of our sales forecasts on our financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
we address the competition and price pressure that we face in the short- and long-term by focusing on expanding the breadth, depth, ease of use and quality of the technologies, features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of our software products as compared to our competitors; investing in research and development to develop new and innovative products and increasing the capabilities of our existing products; maintaining a diverse industry footprint and focusing on customer needs, training, consulting and support; and enhancing our distribution channels. we also evaluate and execute strategic acquisitions to supplement our global engineering talent, product offerings and distribution channels.
overview overall gaap and non-gaap results this section includes a discussion of gaap and non-gaap results. for reconciliations of non-gaap results to gaap results, see the section titled "non-gaap results" herein.
the non-gaap results exclude the income statement effects of the acquisition accounting adjustments to deferred revenue from business combinations closed prior to 2022, stock-based compensation, excess payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, expenses related to business combinations and adjustments for the income tax effect of the excluded items.
our gaap and non-gaap results for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 reflected the following variances:
our results reflect an increase in revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022 due to growth in maintenance, subscription lease license and service revenue, partially offset by a reduction in perpetual license revenue. we also experienced increased operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to increased personnel costs. the actual u.s. dollar reported results were significantly impacted by a stronger u.s. dollar.
this section also includes a discussion of constant currency results, which we use for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons by excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on the reported results. constant currency is a non-gaap measure. all constant currency results presented in this item 7 exclude the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on the reported results. to present this information, the 2022 results for entities whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar were converted to u.s. dollars at rates that were in effect for the 2021 comparable period, rather than the actual exchange rates in effect for 2022. constant currency growth rates are calculated by adjusting the 2022 reported amounts by the 2022 currency fluctuation impacts and comparing to the 2021 comparable period reported amounts.
table of contents impact of foreign currency our comparative financial results were impacted by fluctuations in the u.s. dollar during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. the impacts on our gaap and non-gaap revenue and operating income as a result of the fluctuations of the u.s. dollar when measured against our foreign currencies based on 2021 exchange rates are reflected in the table below. amounts in brackets indicate an adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
other key business metric annual contract value (acv) is a key performance metric and is useful to investors in assessing the strength and trajectory of our business. acv is a supplemental metric to help evaluate the annual performance of the business. over the life of the contract, acv equals the total value realized from a customer. acv is not impacted by the timing of license revenue recognition. acv is used by management in financial and operational decision-making and in setting sales targets used for compensation. acv is not a replacement for, and should be viewed independently of, gaap revenue and deferred revenue as acv is a performance metric and is not intended to be combined with any of these items. there is no gaap measure comparable to acv. acv is composed of the following:
•the annualized value of maintenance and subscription lease contracts with start dates or anniversary dates during the period, plus
•the value of perpetual license contracts with start dates during the period, plus
•the annualized value of fixed-term services contracts with start dates or anniversary dates during the period, plus
•the value of work performed during the period on fixed-deliverable services contracts.
when we refer to the anniversary dates in the definition of acv above, we are referencing the date of the beginning of the next twelve-month period in a contractually committed multi-year contract. if a contract is three years in duration, with a start date of july 1, 2022, the anniversary dates would be july 1, 2023 and july 1, 2024. we label these anniversary dates as they are contractually committed. while this contract would be up for renewal on july 1, 2025, our acv performance metric does not assume any contract renewals.
example 1: for purposes of calculating acv, a $100,000 subscription lease contract or a $100,000 maintenance contract with a term of july 1, 2022 - june 30, 2023, would each contribute $100,000 to acv for fiscal year 2022 with no contribution to acv for fiscal year 2023.
example 2: for purposes of calculating acv, a $300,000 subscription lease contract or a $300,000 maintenance contract with a term of july 1, 2022 - june 30, 2025, would each contribute $100,000 to acv in each of fiscal years 2022, 2023 and 2024. there would be no contribution to acv for fiscal year 2025 as each period captures the full annual value upon the anniversary date.
example 3: a perpetual license valued at $200,000 with a contract start date of march 1, 2022 would contribute $200,000 to acv in fiscal year 2022.
(in thousands, except percentages)        2022                                                     2021                                         change actual                           constant currency                   actual                           actual                                        constant currency amount                                                                                                amount                      %                 amount                      %
industry commentary for 2022, acv growth was broad based across all industries. our core industries of high-tech, aerospace and defense (a&d) and automotive experienced strong growth as demand from our customers for more simulation products, users and computations continued to drive the need to accelerate innovation and overcome engineering challenges stemming from increasingly complex products. in high-tech, customers continued to push the boundaries of electronics and semiconductor performance. the breadth, depth and accuracy of our portfolio remained a key factor in winning new accounts and growing existing accounts. digital transformation remains a key initiative in the a&d industry. the integration of our core solvers into our digital mission engineering solutions, as well as our model-based system engineering tool, allowed us to further entrench ourselves within key customers. the automotive industry's initiatives around electrification, connectivity and driver-assist technology continued to support investments in our solutions. the industrial equipment and energy industries also had strong performance as companies use our solutions for their sustainability and digital transformation initiatives. additionally, the healthcare industry had strong growth as we continued to see companies mature digital engineering efforts as they expand engineering staff and digital twin/digital engineering initiatives in areas such as surgery and implantable devices.
revenue results from region to region can fluctuate due to the timing, duration and size of multi-year lease subscriptions contracts in any particular period and are not necessarily indicative of the underlying operational performance. to drive growth, we continue to focus on a number of sales improvement activities across the geographic regions, including sales hiring, pipeline building, productivity initiatives and customer engagement activities.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, trade restrictions limited our ability to deliver products and services to customers in russia and belarus and certain entities in china. for context, the combined 2021 revenue for all customers in russia and belarus was $15.1 million, less than 1% of our total 2021 revenue.
on october 7, 2022, the u.s. department of commerce, bureau of industry and security announced new restrictions targeting the sales of semiconductor products into china. we expect the impact of those restrictions to be immaterial on our business. as a reference, our semiconductor business in china over the last twelve months represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenue and china's total contribution to revenue for the same period was 4.7%.
additional restrictions or a further deterioration in the global trade environment could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. refer to additional details in part i, item 1a. herein, for a discussion of additional business risks, including those associated with the conflict between russia and ukraine.
table of contents acquisitions we make targeted acquisitions in order to support our long-term strategic direction, accelerate innovation, provide increased capabilities to our existing products, supply new products and services, expand our customer base and enhance our distribution channels.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we completed several strategic acquisitions to expand our solution offerings and enhance our customers' experience. the effects of the acquisitions were not material to our consolidated results of operations individually or in the aggregate. the combined purchase price of the acquisitions completed during the year ended december 31, 2022 was approximately $401.8 million, or $391.6 million net of cash acquired.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we closed various acquisitions, including the acquisition of zemax, which we completed on october 1, 2021 for a purchase price of $411.5 million, paid in cash, or $399.1 million net of cash acquired from zemax. zemax, a leader in high-performance optical imaging system simulation, expands the scope of our optical and photonics simulation portfolio by giving users comprehensive solutions to drive innovation in healthcare, autonomy, consumer electronics and the iiot.
for further information on our business combinations during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
for purposes of the following discussion and analysis, the table below sets forth certain consolidated financial data for the years 2022 and 2021. the operating results of our acquisitions have been included in the results of operations since their respective acquisition dates.
software licenses                                     $988,978                          $945,797
software licenses                                       33,081                            38,156
gross profit                                         1,814,912                         1,648,731
research and development                               433,661                           404,870
income before income tax provision                     575,315                           515,354
income tax provision                                    51,605                            60,727
(in thousands, except percentages)                                                         2022   2021                                                                                                                  change gaap                   constant currency                            gaap                                     gaap                                     constant currency amount             amount                     %                      amount                         %
software licenses                               988,978                       1,042,637                             945,797            43,181                     4.6                    96,840                       10.2
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased 8.3% compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, or 14.2% in constant currency. maintenance revenue growth of 12.1%, or 18.3% in constant currency, is correlated with the license sales discussed later in this paragraph and is driven substantially by our existing customer base. the reported $108.2 million growth in maintenance revenue was attributable to a $98.1 million increase in maintenance associated with lease licenses and a $10.1 million increase in maintenance associated with perpetual sales. subscription lease license revenue increased 11.3%, or 17.9% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, with substantially all of the increase attributable to additional sales to our existing customers. the reported $70.0 million increase in lease license revenue was attributable to a $53.5 million increase in value from multi-year licenses and a $16.5 million increase in value from annual licenses. perpetual license revenue, which is derived from new sales during the year ended december 31, 2022, decreased 8.2%, or 4.1% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. driving the decrease in perpetual license revenue was a 9.2% decrease in volume of deals, partially offset by a 5.7% increase in average deal size.
with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2022, the u.s. dollar was 11.4% stronger, when measured against our foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2021. the table below presents the net impacts of currency fluctuations on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022. amounts in brackets indicate a net adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
british pound                            (5,811)
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of our acquisitions that closed prior to 2022 as of their respective acquisition dates, we applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to the historical carrying amount. as a result, our post-acquisition revenue will be less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by us and each acquiree absent the acquisitions. the impacts on reported revenue were $7.3 million and $24.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the tables below reflect our operating results on both a gaap and constant currency basis. amounts included in the discussions that follow each table are provided in constant currency and are inclusive of costs related to our acquisitions. the impact of foreign exchange translation is discussed separately, where material.
2022                                                                                                                                                                            2021                                                                                                     change gaap                                        constant currency                                                  gaap            gaap                                                constant currency
software licenses                               $33,081                     1.6                       $33,410                        1.5                       $38,156                     2.0                 $(5,075)                       (13.3)               $(4,746)                          (12.4)
sales gross profit                                 $1,814,912                    87.9                    $1,918,579                       88.1                    $1,648,731                    86.5                 $166,181           10.1                             $269,848                            16.4
software licenses: the decrease in the cost of software licenses was primarily due to decreased third-party royalties of $4.7 million.
amortization: the increase in amortization expense was primarily due to the amortization of newly acquired intangible assets.
maintenance and service: the net decrease in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
•decreased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $7.3 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
•decreased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $3.0 million.
•increased third-party technical support of $1.4 million.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue.
2022                                                                                                                                                                      2021                                                                                             change gaap                                      constant currency                                                gaap                                        gaap                                   constant currency
research and development                      433,661                    21.0                     445,275                       20.4                     404,870                    21.2                    28,791                 7.1                    40,405                     10.0
selling, general and administrative: the net increase in selling, general and administrative costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $44.6 million.
•increased business travel of $11.7 million as in-person meetings and live attendance at trade events have continued to expand.
•increased bad debt expense of $5.2 million due to the write-off of receivables due from russian customers as a result of sanctions imposed related to russia's invasion of ukraine and increased risk associated with receivables from specific customers in china.
•increased marketing expenses of $5.1 million.
•increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $4.6 million.
•decreased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $27.4 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
we anticipate that we will continue to make targeted investments in our global sales and marketing organizations and our global business infrastructure to enhance and support our revenue-generating activities.
research and development: the net increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $3.6 million.
•increased business travel of $3.6 million as in-person meetings and live attendance at trade events have continued to expand.
•decreased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $11.6 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
we have traditionally invested significant resources in research and development activities and intend to continue to make investments in expanding the ease of use and capabilities of our broad portfolio of simulation software products.
overall, the impacts from currency fluctuations resulted in decreased operating income of $63.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021.
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2022 was $5.7 million as compared to $2.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the higher interest rate environment and the related increase in the average rate of return on invested cash balances was partially offset by a lower invested cash balance as a result of investments in acquisitions and share repurchases.
table of contents interest expense: interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 was $22.7 million as compared to $12.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 due to a higher interest rate environment.
investment (loss) gain, net               $(1,628)                            $14,778
foreign currency gain (loss), net         1,568                               (1,833)
income tax provision: our income before income tax provision, income tax provision and effective tax rate were as follows:
income before income tax provision           $575,315                          $515,354
income tax provision                          $51,605                           $60,727
the decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year was primarily due to a benefit of $22.8 million related to u.s. tax benefits on foreign earnings due to entity structuring activities, an $11.8 million increase in the benefit related to foreign-derived intangible income (fdii) and $8.7 million of tax benefits related to extraterritorial income exclusions from prior periods. these benefits were partially offset by decreased deductions of $18.8 million related to stock-based compensation.
when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate for each respective period, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 were favorably impacted by tax benefits from stock-based compensation, the fdii deduction and research and development credits, partially offset by the impact of non-deductible compensation.
(in thousands, except per share data)                             2022   2021
table of contents non-gaap results we provide non-gaap revenue, non-gaap gross profit, non-gaap gross profit margin, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share as supplemental measures to gaap regarding our operational performance. these financial measures exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with gaap. a detailed explanation and a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to its most comparable gaap financial measure are included below.
(unaudited)
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)       revenue                          gross profit                       %                            operating income                       %                      net income                   eps - diluted1
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue                 7,333                            7,333                              -       %                       7,333                         0.2   %                     7,333                            0.08
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions         -                                69,372                 3.4                 %                      85,094                         4.1   %                    85,094                            0.97
transaction expenses related to business combinations       -                                -                                  -       %                      10,335                         0.5   %                    10,335                            0.12
adjustment for income tax effect                            -                                -                                  -       %                           -                           -   %                 (101,813)                          (1.16)
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)       revenue                               gross profit                  %                 operating income                  %                   net income                eps - diluted1
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue                 24,772                               24,772                   0.1   %                   24,772                    1.0   %                 24,772                         0.28
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions         -                                    60,762                   3.3   %                   75,975                    3.9   %                 75,975                         0.86
transaction expenses related to business combinations       -                                         -                     -   %                    6,041                    0.3   %                  6,041                         0.07
adjustment for income tax effect                            -                                         -                     -   %                        -                      -   %               (91,589)                       (1.04)
table of contents we use non-gaap financial measures (a) to evaluate our historical and prospective financial performance as well as our performance relative to our competitors, (b) to set internal sales targets and spending budgets, (c) to allocate resources, (d) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, (e) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures and (f) as an important factor in determining variable compensation for management and employees. in addition, many financial analysts that follow us focus on and publish both historical results and future projections based on non-gaap financial measures. we believe that it is in the best interest of our investors to provide this information to analysts so that they accurately report the non-gaap financial information. moreover, investors have historically requested, and we have historically reported, these non-gaap financial measures as a means of providing consistent and comparable information with past reports of financial results.
while we believe that these non-gaap financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors, there are limitations associated with the use of these non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with gaap, are not reported by all our competitors and may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of our competitors due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation. we compensate for these limitations by using these non-gaap financial measures as supplements to gaap financial measures and by reviewing the reconciliations of the non-gaap financial measures to their most comparable gaap financial measures.
the adjustments to these non-gaap financial measures, and the basis for such adjustments, are outlined below:
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue. historically, we have consummated acquisitions in order to support our strategic and other business objectives. under prior accounting guidance, a fair value provision resulted in acquired deferred revenue that was often recorded on the opening balance sheet at an amount that was lower than the historical carrying value. although this fair value provision has no impact on our business or cash flow, it adversely impacts our reported gaap revenue in the reporting periods following an acquisition. in 2022, we adopted accounting guidance which eliminates the fair value provision that resulted in the deferred revenue adjustment on a prospective basis. in order to provide investors with financial information that facilitates comparison of both historical and future results, we provide non-gaap financial measures which exclude the impact of the acquisition accounting adjustment for acquisitions prior to the adoption of the new guidance in 2022. we believe that this non-gaap financial adjustment is useful to investors because it allows investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past and future reports of financial results as the revenue reduction related to acquired deferred revenue will not recur when related subscription leases and software maintenance contracts are renewed in future periods.
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions. we incur amortization of intangible assets, included in our gaap presentation of amortization expense, related to various acquisitions we have made. we exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap gross profit, non-gaap gross profit margin, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance because these costs are fixed at the time of an acquisition, are then amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition and generally cannot be changed or influenced by us after the acquisition. accordingly, we do not consider these expenses for purposes of evaluating our performance during the applicable time period after the acquisition, and we exclude such expenses when making decisions to allocate resources. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past reports of financial results as we have historically reported these non-gaap financial measures.
stock-based compensation expense. we incur expense related to stock-based compensation included in our gaap presentation of cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense; and selling, general and administrative expense. this non-gaap adjustment also includes excess payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation. although stock-based compensation is an expense and viewed as a form of compensation, we exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap gross profit, non-gaap gross profit margin, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance. specifically, we exclude stock-based compensation during our annual budgeting process and our quarterly and annual assessments of our performance. the annual budgeting process is the primary mechanism whereby we allocate resources to various initiatives and operational requirements. additionally, the annual review by our board of directors during which it compares our historical business model and profitability to the planned business model and profitability for the forthcoming year excludes the impact of stock-based compensation. in evaluating the performance of our senior management and department managers, charges related to stock-based compensation are excluded from expenditure and profitability results. in fact, we record stock-based compensation expense into a stand-alone cost center for which no single operational manager is responsible or accountable. in this way, we can review, on a period-to-period basis, each manager's performance and assess financial discipline over operational expenditures without the effect of stock-based compensation. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the table of contents effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
expenses related to business combinations. we incur expenses for professional services rendered in connection with business combinations, which are included in our gaap presentation of selling, general and administrative expense. beginning in the second quarter of 2022, we have updated this non-gaap measure to include, in addition to professional services rendered in connection with business combinations, other expenses directly related to business combinations, including compensation expenses and concurrent restructuring activities, such as employee severances and other exit costs. these costs are included in our gaap presentation of selling, general and administrative and research and development expenses. the additional expenses were not material in the current or prior year period. we exclude these acquisition-related expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as we generally would not have otherwise incurred these expenses in the periods presented as a part of our operations. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
non-gaap tax provision. we utilize a normalized non-gaap annual effective tax rate (aetr) to calculate non-gaap measures. this methodology provides better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring items and aligning the non-gaap tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. to project this rate, we analyzed our historic and projected non-gaap earnings mix by geography along with other factors such as our current tax structure, recurring tax credits and incentives, and expected tax positions. on an annual basis we re-evaluate and update this rate for significant items that may materially affect our projections.
non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. our non-gaap financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable gaap financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap.
we have provided a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures as listed below:
gaap reporting measure           non-gaap reporting measure revenue                          non-gaap revenue gross profit                     non-gaap gross profit gross profit margin              non-gaap gross profit margin operating income                 non-gaap operating income operating profit margin          non-gaap operating profit margin net income                       non-gaap net income diluted earnings per share       non-gaap diluted earnings per share constant currency. in addition to the non-gaap financial measures detailed above, we use constant currency results for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons by excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on the reported results. to present this information, the 2022 results for entities whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar were converted to u.s. dollars at rates that were in effect for the 2021 comparable period, rather than the actual exchange rates in effect for 2022. constant currency growth rates are calculated by adjusting the 2022 reported amounts by the 2022 currency fluctuation impacts and comparing the adjusted amounts to the 2021 comparable period reported amounts. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our reported results to our past reports of financial results without the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources as of december 31,   change
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments                    $614,574                          $668,028        $(53,454)                   (8.0)
working capital                                                      $869,286                          $860,082        $9,204             1.1
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments such as money market funds and deposits held at major banks. short-term investments consist primarily of deposits held by certain of our foreign subsidiaries with original maturities of three months to one year. the following table presents our foreign and domestic holdings of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
foreign                                       287,790                     46.8                      302,638                    45.3
in general, it is our intention to permanently reinvest all earnings in excess of previously taxed amounts. substantially all of the pre-2018 earnings of our non-u.s. subsidiaries were taxed through the transition tax and post-2018 current earnings are taxed as part of global intangible low-taxed income tax expense. these taxes increase our previously taxed earnings and allow for the repatriation of the majority of our foreign earnings without any residual u.s. federal tax. unrecognized provisions for taxes on indefinitely reinvested undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries would not be significant.
the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries is subject to translation adjustments caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of each respective reporting period, the offset to which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on our consolidated balance sheet.
cash flows from operating activities year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                  2022                        2021                              change net cash provided by operating activities                   $631,003                          $549,482        $81,521
net cash provided by operating activities increased during the current fiscal year due to increased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $76.3 million and increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $5.2 million. the growth in net cash provided by operating activities was a result of increased customer receipts driven primarily by acv growth and lower income tax payments due to timing, partially offset by additional cash outflows related to increased operating expenses as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021.
cash flows from investing activities year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                               2022                          2021                                change net cash used in investing activities                 $(411,368)                          $(536,813)           $125,445
net cash used in investing activities decreased during the current fiscal year due primarily to decreased acquisition-related net cash outlays of $124.5 million, partially offset by increased capital expenditures of $1.4 million. we currently plan capital spending of $28.0 million to $38.0 million during fiscal year 2023 as compared to the $24.4 million that was spent in fiscal year 2022. the level of spending will depend on various factors, including the growth of the business and general economic conditions.
table of contents cash flows from financing activities year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                               2022                          2021                                change net cash used in financing activities                 $(245,508)                          $(245,852)           $344
net cash used in financing activities decreased slightly during the current fiscal year primarily due to decreased principal payments on long-term debt of $45.0 million and decreased restricted stock withholding taxes paid in lieu of issuing shares of $32.8 million, offset by increased stock repurchases of $70.9 million.
other cash flow information on june 30, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the 2022 credit agreement) with pnc bank, national association as administrative agent, swing line lender, and an l/c issuer, the lenders party thereto, and the other l/c issuers party thereto. the 2022 credit agreement refinanced our previous credit agreements in their entirety. the 2022 credit agreement provides for a $755.0 million unsecured term loan facility and a $500.0 million unsecured revolving loan facility, which includes a $50.0 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. terms used in this description of the 2022 credit agreement with initial capital letters that are not otherwise defined herein are as defined in the 2022 credit agreement.
the term loan facility was advanced by the lenders thereunder to refinance and replace our prior credit agreements.
as of december 31, 2022, the carrying value of our term loans was $753.6 million, with no principal payments due in the next twelve months. borrowings under the term loan and revolving loan facilities accrue interest at a rate that is based on the term sofr plus an applicable margin or at the base rate plus an applicable margin, at our election. the base rate is the highest of (i) the overnight bank funding rate, plus 0.500%, (ii) the pnc bank, national association prime rate and (iii) daily simple sofr plus an adjustment for sofr plus 1.00%. the applicable margin for the borrowings is a percentage per annum based on the lower of (1) a pricing level determined by our then-current consolidated net leverage ratio and (2) a pricing level determined by our public debt rating (if available). the rate in effect for the first quarter of 2023 under the 2022 credit agreement is 5.56%.
we previously entered into operating lease commitments, primarily for our domestic and international offices. the commitments related to these operating leases is $151.2 million, of which $26.6 million is due in the next twelve months.
(in thousands, except per share data)                    2022                              2021
as of december 31, 2022, 1.7 million shares remained available for repurchase under the program.
the authorized repurchase program does not have an expiration date and the pace of the repurchase activity will depend on factors such as working capital needs, cash requirements for acquisitions, our stock price and economic and market conditions. our stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases or pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 plan.
we continue to generate positive cash flows from operating activities and believe that the best uses of our excess cash are to invest in the business; acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies; and make payments on our outstanding debt balances. any future acquisitions may be funded by available cash and investments, cash generated from operations, debt financing or the issuance of additional securities. additionally, we have in the past, and expect in the future, to repurchase stock in order to both offset dilution and return capital, in excess of our requirements, to stockholders with the goal of increasing stockholder value.
in january 2023, we had a $120.7 million cash outflow (net of cash acquired) associated with a strategic acquisition.
table of contents we believe that existing cash and cash equivalent balances, together with cash generated from operations and access to the $500.0 million revolving loan facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure requirements and contractual obligations through at least the next twelve months and the foreseeable future thereafter. our cash requirements in the future may also be financed through additional equity or debt financings. however, future disruptions in the capital markets could make financing more challenging and there can be no assurance that such financing can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
unconditional purchase obligations(4)                                                            84,258            54,775               29,483
obligations related to uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties(5)                   -                 -                    -
(1)borrowings under long-term debt accrue interest at a rate that is based on the term sofr plus an applicable margin or at the base rate plus an applicable margin, at our election. the base rate is the highest of (i) the overnight bank funding rate, plus 0.500%, (ii) the pnc bank, national association prime rate and (iii) daily simple sofr plus an adjustment for sofr plus 1.00%. the applicable margin for the borrowings is a percentage per annum based on the lower of (1) a pricing level determined by our then-current consolidated net leverage ratio and (2) a pricing level determined by our public debt rating (if available). as the interest rate is variable, interest on the long-term debt is estimated using the interest rate as of december 31, 2022. for additional information, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
(2)we previously entered into a lease agreement for 186,000 square feet of rentable space located in an office facility in canonsburg, pennsylvania, which serves as our headquarters. the term of the lease is 183 months, beginning on october 1, 2014 and expiring on december 31, 2029. we have a one-time right to terminate the lease on december 31, 2025 by providing the landlord with at least 18 months' prior written notice of such termination.
(3)other operating leases primarily include lease commitments for our other domestic and international offices as well as certain operating equipment.
(4)unconditional purchase obligations primarily include minimum royalty contracts, software licenses and support, and network services, which are unrecorded as of december 31, 2022. the unconditional purchase obligations are in addition to the current and long-term liabilities recorded on our december 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet.
(5)we have $54.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including estimated interest and penalties, that have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with income tax accounting guidance for which we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. as a result, such amounts are excluded from the table above.
table of contents critical accounting estimates we have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations. these estimates, assumptions and judgments are made based on our historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could materially differ from any of our estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
the accounting policies, methods and estimates used to prepare our consolidated financial statements are described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k. the most critical accounting judgments and estimates that we made in preparing our consolidated financial statements involved:
•revenue recognition;
•valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations; and
revenue recognition description our revenue is derived principally from the licensing of computer software products and from related maintenance contracts. we enter into contracts that include combinations of products, maintenance and services, which are accounted for as separate performance obligations with differing revenue recognition patterns.
judgments and estimates our contracts with customers typically include promises to transfer licenses and services to a customer. judgment is required to determine if the promises are separate performance obligations, and if so, to allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation. we use the estimated standalone selling price method to allocate the transaction price for each performance obligation. the estimated standalone selling price is determined using all information reasonably available to us, including market conditions and other observable inputs. the corresponding revenues are recognized as the related performance obligations are satisfied.
our time-based subscription lease license contracts with customers are sold as a bundled arrangement that includes the rights to a term software license as well as post-contract support (pcs), which includes unspecified technical enhancements and customer support. revenue is recognized up front at the commencement of the lease for the term software lease license and recognized ratably over the term of the contract for the pcs in the arrangement. utilizing observable inputs, we determined that 50% of the estimated standalone selling price of the subscription lease license is attributable to the term software license, while 50% is attributable to pcs. this determination involved judgment, particularly as it relates to the value relationship between our pcs and subscription lease licenses, the value relationship between pcs and our perpetual licenses and its linkage to the shortened term of a subscription lease license, the average economic life of our software, renewal rates of our customers and the price of the bundled arrangement in relation to the perpetual licensing approach.
changes in these estimates could significantly impact the recognition of revenue in a given period.
valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations description in accordance with business combination accounting, we allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to its identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date based upon their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill. intangible assets are recognized apart from goodwill whenever an acquired intangible asset arises from contractual or other legal rights, or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability.
table of contents judgments and estimates determining these fair values requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, particularly with respect to acquired intangible assets. we determined the fair value of our intangible assets using various valuation techniques, including the relief-from-royalty method and the multi-period excess earnings method. these models utilize certain unobservable inputs classified as level 3 measurements as defined by asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures. the determination of fair value requires considerable judgment and is sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. estimating fair value requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry and economic conditions. these assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to: royalty rate, discount rate and customer attrition rate. the fair values of the intangible assets will be amortized over their useful lives.
if actual results are materially different than the assumptions we used to determine fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed through a business combination, it is possible that adjustments to the carrying values of such assets and liabilities will have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our business acquisitions.
income taxes description our income tax expense reflects management's best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of the enactment date.
additionally, as part of our accounting for income taxes, tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more-likely-than-not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed its examination even though the statute of limitations remains open.
judgments and estimates we are subject to tax in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgements and estimates are required in the determination of consolidated income tax expense. we record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. in making such determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. the assumptions about future taxable income require the use of significant judgement and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business. in the event we determine that we will be able to realize deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was used to reduce their carrying value, the adjustment to the valuation allowance will be recorded as a reduction to the provision for income taxes in the period such determination is made.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. significant judgment is required in the identification and measurement of uncertain tax positions. our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because we are required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. we adjust the liabilities when our judgement changes as a result of new information not previously available.
although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. to the extent actual results differ from estimated amounts recorded, such differences will impact the income tax provision in the period in which the determination is made.
recent accounting guidance for information regarding recent accounting guidance and its impact on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.