item 1a. risk factors as a global investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of blackrock's business. global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject participants to a variety of risks. while blackrock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating, legal, compliance, reputational, fiduciary and investment risks, blackrock's business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the company's stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below.
market and competition risks changes in the value levels of equity, debt, real assets, commodities, foreign exchange or other asset markets, as well as the impact of global trade policies and tariffs, may cause assets under management ("aum"), revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of aum and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments in which blackrock invests on behalf of its clients, as well as the impact of global trade policies and tariffs, could cause:
•the value of aum, or the returns blackrock realizes on aum, to decrease;
•client rebalancing or reallocating of assets into blackrock products that yield lower fees;
•an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•a decrease in the value of seed or co-investment capital.
these risks may also be heightened by market volatility, illiquid market conditions or other market disruptions. the occurrence of any of the above events may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in interest or foreign exchange rates and/or divergent beta may cause blackrock's aum and base fees to fluctuate and introduce volatility to the company's net income and operating cash flows.
in past years, there were prolonged periods of historically low interest rates, interspersed with periods in which certain central banks globally began increasing rates. recently, global markets have experienced substantial volatility, with significant downturns in both bond and equity markets. in addition, central banks worldwide have raised interest rates in an effort to moderate rising inflation. blackrock's business is directly and indirectly affected by changes in global interest rates. similarly, due to the global nature of blackrock's operations, a portion of its business is conducted in currencies other than the united states ("us") dollar. blackrock's exposure to foreign exchange rates relative to the us dollar and interest rates may cause blackrock's aum to fluctuate and introduce volatility to the company's base fees, net income and operating cash flows.
in addition, beta divergence between equity markets, where certain markets perform differently than others, may lead to an increase in the proportion of blackrock aum weighted toward lower fee equity products, resulting in a decline in blackrock's effective fee rate. divergent market factors may also erode the correlation between the growth rates of aum and base fees.
blackrock's investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by clients and fund boards on favorable terms and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors.
blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from providing investment advisory services. the advisory or management contracts blackrock has entered into with its clients, including the agreements that govern many of blackrock's investment funds, provide investors or, in some cases, the independent directors of applicable investment funds, with significant latitude to terminate such contracts, withdraw funds or liquidate funds by simple majority vote with limited notice or penalty, or to remove blackrock as a fund's investment advisor (or equivalent). blackrock also manages its us mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts that must be renewed and approved annually by the funds' respective boards of directors, a majority of whom are independent from the company. blackrock's fee arrangements under any of its advisory or management contracts may be reduced (including at the behest of a fund's board of directors). in addition, if a number of blackrock's clients terminate their contracts, or otherwise remove blackrock from its advisory roles, liquidate funds or fail to renew management contracts on similar terms, the fees or carried interest blackrock earns could be reduced, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause aum in similar blackrock products to decline irrespective of blackrock's performance.
many competitors offer similar products to those offered by blackrock and the failure or negative performance of competitors' products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar blackrock products, irrespective of the performance of such blackrock products. any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased competition may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the investment management industry is highly competitive, and blackrock competes based on a number of factors including: investment performance, liquidity, its technology and portfolio construction offerings, the level of fees charged, the quality and breadth of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and its ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. in addition, over the past several years, there has been significant consolidation in the asset management and financial services industries as investors increasingly seek out firms that have the capacity to deliver broad multi-asset investment capabilities and technological expertise, including in a manner that is responsive to ever more localized needs. this consolidation, together with the introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, continues to alter the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to additional fee compression or require blackrock to invest more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive with the products, services and geographic diversity offered by other financial institutions, technology companies, trading, advisory or asset management firms. increased competition on the basis of any of these factors, including competition leading to fee reductions on existing or new business, may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to maintain aladdin's competitive position in a dynamic market could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
the sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution and investment operations that blackrock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and aladdin clients are important elements of blackrock's competitive success. aladdin's competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine risk analytics with portfolio management, trading and operations tools on a single platform. increased competition from risk analytics and investment management technology providers, including as a result of growing industry consolidation giving rise to competitors with increasingly sophisticated and comprehensive product offerings, or a shift in client demand toward standalone or internally developed solutions, whether due to price competition, perceived client market share, platform offerings or flexibility, or market-based or regulatory factors, may weaken aladdin's competitive position and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline. in addition, to the extent that aladdin competitors are able to innovate more effectively than blackrock or leverage delivery models that provide clients faster time to market, lower costs or the ability to more seamlessly combine or bundle with other service offerings, blackrock may lose existing clients or fail to capture future market share, which may impede its productivity and growth. moreover, although blackrock takes steps to safeguard against infringements of its intellectual property, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to effectively protect and enforce its intellectual property rights in aladdin.
blackrock may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose blackrock to reputational harm, additional costs or operational risk.
blackrock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands and develop, market and manage new investment products and services. the development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of increasingly customizable products, requires continued innovative effort on the part of blackrock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services, constraints on blackrock's ability to manage growth within client mandates, compliance with regulatory and disclosure requirements and intellectual property-related lawsuits or claims. a growing number of blackrock's new products and services also depend on data provided by third parties as analytical inputs and are subject to additional risks, including with respect to data quality, cost, availability and provider relationships. data sets for certain developing analytics, such as those in the sustainability space, continue to evolve and difficulties approximating gaps in the data, sourcing data from reliable sources, or validating the data could adversely impact the accuracy and effectiveness of such tools. there can be no assurance that blackrock will be able to innovate effectively in order to develop new products or services that address the needs of its clients on the timeline they require. any failure to successfully develop new products and services, or effectively manage associated operational risks, could harm blackrock's reputation and expose the company to additional costs, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in the value of seed and co-investments that blackrock owns as well as certain of blackrock's minority investments could affect its income and could increase the volatility of its earnings.
at december 31, 2022, blackrock's net economic investment exposure of approximately $3.3 billion in its investments (see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-investments) primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments as well as certain minority investments, increase the volatility of blackrock's earnings and cause earnings to decline.
blackrock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default.
blackrock provides borrower default indemnification to certain of its securities lending clients. in the event of a borrower default, blackrock would use the collateral pledged by the borrower to repurchase securities out on loan in order to replace them in a client's account. borrower default indemnification is limited to the shortfall that occurs in the event the collateral available at the time of the borrower's default is insufficient to repurchase those securities out on loan. blackrock requires all borrowers to mark to market their pledged collateral daily to levels in excess of the value of the securities out on loan to mitigate the likelihood of the indemnity being triggered. where the collateral is in the form of cash, the indemnities blackrock provides do not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2022 and subject to this type of indemnification was approximately $253 billion. in the company's capacity as lending agent, cash and securities totaling approximately $268 billion was held as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2022. significant borrower defaults occurring simultaneously with rapid declines in the value of collateral pledged and/or increases in the value of the securities loaned may create collateral shortfalls, which could result in material liabilities under these indemnities and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's decision on whether to provide support to particular products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
while not legally mandated, blackrock may, at its option, from time to time choose to seed, warehouse or otherwise support investment products through capital or credit support for commercial or other reasons. any decision by blackrock on whether to support products may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. blackrock's ability to seed, warehouse or otherwise support certain products may be restricted by regulation or by the company's failure to have or make available sufficient capital or liquidity. moreover, inherent constraints arising from the business models of certain asset managers, including blackrock, may during periods of market volatility result in blackrock having fewer options for accessing liquidity than asset managers with alternate business models, which may adversely impact its ability to support certain products. any decision by blackrock to support particular products, or the inability to provide such support, may result in losses, which may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased geopolitical unrest and other events outside of blackrock's control could adversely affect the global economy or specific international, regional and domestic markets, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
geopolitical risks, including those arising from trade tension and/or the imposition of trade tariffs, terrorist activity or acts of civil or international hostility, are increasing. for instance, the war between russia and ukraine has and may continue to result in geopolitical instability and adversely affect the global economy, supply chains and specific markets. strategic competition between the us and china and resulting tensions have also contributed to uncertainty in the geopolitical and regulatory landscapes. similarly, other events outside of blackrock's control, including natural disasters, climate-related events, pandemics or health crises may arise from time to time and be accompanied by governmental actions that may increase international tension. any such events and responses, including regulatory developments, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, disproportionate impacts to certain industries or sectors, disruptions to commerce (including to economic activity, travel and supply chains), loss of life and property damage, and may adversely affect the global economy or capital markets, as well as the company's products, operations, clients, vendors and employees, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. blackrock's exposure to geopolitical risks may be heightened to the extent such risks arise in countries in which blackrock currently operates or is seeking to expand its presence.
climate-related risks could adversely affect blackrock's business, products, operations and clients, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's business and those of its clients could be impacted by climate-related risks. climate-related risks may impact blackrock through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a lower-carbon economy. climate-related physical risks arise from the direct impacts of a changing climate in the short- and long-term. such risks may include the risks of extreme weather events and changes in temperature, which may damage infrastructure and facilities, including blackrock's physical assets, as well as disrupt connectivity or supply chains. climate-related transition risks arise from exposure to the transition to a lower-carbon economy through policy, regulatory, technology and market changes. for instance, new or divergent climate regulations or guidance, as well as differing perspectives of stakeholders regarding climate impacts, have affected and may continue to affect blackrock's business activities and reputation, increase scrutiny and complicate compliance requirements, which could increase the company's costs.
climate-related physical and transition risks could also impact blackrock's business both directly and indirectly through adverse impacts to its clients' investments, including as a result of declines in asset values, changes in client preferences, increased regulatory and compliance costs and significant business disruptions. any of these risks may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to investment performance poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the company's management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta, is one of the most important factors for the growth and retention of aum. poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks, aggregate fee levels or competitors may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline as a result of:
•client withdrawals in favor of better performing products offered by competitors;
•the diminishing ability to attract additional funds from existing and new clients;
•reduced, minimal or no performance fees;
•an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•a decrease in the valuations of seed and co-investment capital.
performance fees may increase volatility of both revenue and earnings.
a portion of blackrock's revenue is derived from performance fees on investment advisory assignments. performance fees represented $514 million, or 3%, of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022. generally, the company is entitled to a performance fee only if the agreement under which it is managing the assets provides for one and if returns on the related portfolio exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. if these targets are not exceeded, a performance fee for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the company may not earn performance fees in future periods. the volatility of the company's future revenue and earnings may also be affected due to illiquid alternatives becoming an increasing component of the overall composition of the company's performance fee generating assets. in particular, the company expects that as it manages more illiquid products, its performance fees will generally be recognized over substantially longer multi-year periods than those associated with more liquid products.
failure to identify errors in the quantitative models blackrock utilizes to manage its business could adversely affect product performance and client relationships.
blackrock employs various quantitative models to support its investment processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. any errors or limitations in the underlying models, model inputs or assumptions, including those from third-party sources, as well as any failure of blackrock's governance, approval, testing and validation standards in respect of such models, model inputs or assumptions or the failure to timely update such models, model inputs or assumptions, could have adverse effects on blackrock's business and reputation. these risks may be heightened by the rapid growth and complexity of new models, evolving data sets and standards and market volatility.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely affect blackrock's business, operations and financial condition which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause significant harm to the us and global economies. it has also had and may continue to have an ongoing adverse impact on blackrock's business, including its operations and financial condition, as a result of, among other things, the negative impact of the pandemic on financial markets, blackrock's clients, key vendors (such as pricing providers), market participants and other third parties with whom it does business, and workforce disruption due to continued periods away from physical office locations in certain regions and illness and health concerns, any of which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the extent to which covid-19, and the related impact on the global economy, may continue to affect blackrock's business, results of operations and financial condition, will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the emergence and spread of new variants of the covid-19 virus and/or other concurrent or overlapping pandemics and health crises, the availability, adoption and efficacy of future treatments and vaccines, future actions taken by governmental authorities, central banks and other third parties (including new financial regulation and other regulatory reform) in response to the pandemic, and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on blackrock's products, clients, vendors and employees, any of which may exacerbate the other risks described herein.
technology and operational risks a failure in, or disruption to, blackrock's operations, systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could adversely affect operations, damage the company's reputation and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. moreover, a significant portion of blackrock's critical business operations is concentrated in a limited number of geographic areas, including san francisco, new york, london, budapest, atlanta and gurgaon. the failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of blackrock's business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside blackrock's control, including a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act, pandemic, health crisis or other catastrophic event, or the actions of individuals or groups seeking to disrupt blackrock's operations in any location at which blackrock maintains a major presence, could materially impact operations, result in business disruption or impede the company's growth. in addition, these risks may be heightened during blackrock's move to its new headquarters in new york, which is expected to be completed in 2023.
despite blackrock's efforts to ensure business continuity, if it fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans, including secure back-up facilities and systems and the availability of back-up employees, are improperly implemented or deployed during a disruption, the company's ability to operate could be adversely impacted which may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline or impact the company's ability to comply with regulatory obligations or contractual obligations leading to reputational harm, legal liability, regulatory fines and/or sanctions.
a cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and lead to financial losses and reputational harm, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them, including data provided by third parties that is significant to portions of blackrock's business and products. an externally caused information security incident, such as a cyber-attack including a phishing scam, business email compromise, malware, or denial-of-service or ransomware attack, or an internally caused incident or disruption, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information. moreover, developments in blackrock's use of process automation, as well as the use of remote access by employees and mobile and cloud technologies, could heighten these and other operational risks, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond blackrock's control. blackrock's growing exposure to the public internet, as well as reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt blackrock's operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information or third-party data. in addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase the speed and computing power available.
the financial services industry has been the subject of cyber-attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including nation state actors and terrorist organizations. blackrock has been and continues to be the target of attempted cyber-attacks, as well as the co-opting of its brand, and continues to monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, as the failure to do so could disrupt blackrock's operations and cause financial losses. although blackrock has implemented policies and controls, and takes protective measures involving significant expense, to prevent and address potential data breaches, inadvertent disclosures, increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks and cyber-related fraud, there can be no assurance that any of these measures proves effective. in addition, a successful cyber-attack may persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and it may take a considerable amount of time for an investigation to be completed and the severity and potential impact to be known. moreover, due to the complexity and interconnectedness of blackrock's systems, the process of upgrading or patching the company's protective measures could itself create a risk of security issues or system disruptions for the company, as well as for clients who rely upon, or have exposure to, blackrock's systems.
in addition, due to blackrock's interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, blackrock or any such third party may be adversely affected if any of them is subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. blackrock also routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential or proprietary information by email and other electronic means. the company collaborates with clients, vendors and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. however, blackrock or such third parties may not have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information.
any information security incident or cyber-attack against blackrock or third parties with whom it is connected, including any interception, mishandling or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information, could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. in addition, blackrock's cybersecurity insurance may not cover all losses and damages from such events and blackrock's ability to maintain or obtain sufficient insurance coverage in the future may be limited.
failure or unavailability of third-party dependencies may adversely affect aladdin operations, which could cause reputational harm, lead to a loss of clients and impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
blackrock must maintain effective infrastructure, including a robust and secure technological framework, in order to maximize the benefit of the aladdin platform. in so doing, it relies in part on certain third-party service providers, including for cloud hosting and technologies supporting cloud-based operations. for example, aladdin's data architecture depends on third-party providers of technology solutions, including the ability of such parties to scale and perform in response to aladdin's growth. in addition, the analytical capabilities of aladdin depend on the ability of a number of third parties to provide data and other information as inputs into aladdin's analytical calculations. although blackrock has implemented internal controls and procedures and maintains a robust vendor management program designed to perform diligence and monitor third parties that support the aladdin platform, there can be no assurance that these measures will prove effective. any failure by third parties to maintain infrastructure that is commensurate with aladdin's size and growth, or provide the data or information required to support its varying capabilities, could compromise aladdin's resilience, result in operational difficulties, cause reputational harm and adversely impact blackrock's ability to provide services to its investment advisory and aladdin clients.
continuing enhancements to aladdin's capabilities, as well as the expansion of the aladdin platform into new markets and geographies, have led to significant growth in aladdin's processing scale, which may expose blackrock to reputational harm, increased regulatory scrutiny and heightened operational, data management, cyber- and information-security risks.
the operation of blackrock's aladdin platform routinely involves updating existing capabilities, configuration change management, developing, testing and rolling out new functionalities and expanding coverage into new markets and geographies, including in connection with inorganic transactions or to address client or regulatory requirements. these updates and expansion initiatives, which have led to significant growth in aladdin's processing scale, frequently occur on accelerated time frames and may expose blackrock to additional cyber- and information-security risks, as well as increased execution, operational and data management risks. if blackrock is unable to manage the pace of, or provide the operational resiliency and stability for, the expansion of aladdin and associated growth of its processing scale, blackrock may experience client attrition, reduced business, increased costs, reputational harm or regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
in addition, the highly regulated business activities of many aladdin clients may expose blackrock to heightened regulatory scrutiny. for example, the changing political and regulatory environment in certain jurisdictions in which aladdin clients are based has required blackrock to open new data centers in those jurisdictions in order to host client data in the client's home location. operating new data centers in foreign jurisdictions may expose blackrock to increased operational complexity, as well as additional regulatory risks associated with the compliance requirements of such jurisdictions. in addition, there has been increased regulatory scrutiny globally on technology and information providers, which may impact aladdin.
failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth.
blackrock's ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including its creditworthiness and ability to generate operating cash flows. in addition, while blackrock, inc. is not subject to regulatory capital or liquidity requirements, certain of its subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity frameworks as well as certain other prudential requirements and standards, which require them to maintain certain levels of capital and liquidity. failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force blackrock to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. blackrock's access to equity and debt markets and its ability to issue public or private debt, or secure lines of credit or commercial paper back-up lines, on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings, or changes in government regulations, including tax and interest rates. failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, curtail its operations and limit or impede its prospects for growth.
operating risks associated with blackrock's securities lending program may result in client losses.
blackrock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers on behalf of certain of its clients. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock must manage this process and is charged with mitigating the associated operational risks. the failure of blackrock's controls to mitigate such operational risks could result in financial losses for the company's clients that participate in its securities lending programs (separate from any losses related to the risks of collateral investments), and blackrock may be held liable for any failure to manage such risks.
inorganic transactions may harm the company's competitive or financial position if they are not successful.
blackrock employs a variety of organic and inorganic strategies intended to enhance earnings, increase product offerings, deliver whole-portfolio solutions, access new clients, leverage advances in technology and expand into new geographies. inorganic strategies have included hiring smaller-sized investment teams, making minority investments in early- to mid-stage technological and other ventures, entering into strategic joint ventures and acquiring investment management and technology businesses, analytics, models and other intellectual property. inorganic transactions involve a number of financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, geographical and operational challenges and uncertainties, including in some cases, the assumption of pre-existing liabilities, which must be managed in order for blackrock to realize the benefit of such transactions, and such transactions may be the subject of unanticipated liabilities arising from commercial disputes, information security vulnerabilities or breaches and intellectual property or other legal claims. the success of blackrock's inorganic strategy also depends in large part on its ability to integrate the workforce, operations, strategies, technologies and other components of a target business following the completion of an acquisition. blackrock may be required to commit significant management time, as well as create new, or grow existing, operational and support functions, to facilitate the integration of acquired businesses, manage combined future growth and maintain a cohesive corporate culture. there can be no assurance that blackrock will be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, retain associated talent, scale support functions or realize other intended benefits of its inorganic strategy. moreover, the challenges associated with blackrock's inorganic strategy may be heightened when inorganic transactions are in new geographic locations, involve new markets, products, business lines or early stage investments or are delivered via technology and systems that differ from those employed by blackrock. in addition, in the case of minority investments and joint ventures, blackrock may be subject to risks due to reputational harm, liability or loss resulting from, or relating to operating systems, risk management controls, and employees that are outside of blackrock's control, as well as risks related to the jurisdictions or markets in which such investees or joint ventures operate. for example, blackrock has a minority investment in circle internet financial ("circle"), which is associated with crypto asset markets that recently experienced substantial volatility and high-profile enterprise failures and bankruptcies. the crypto asset markets are subject to significant regulatory uncertainty, which could also negatively impact blackrock's investment in circle. any failure to identify and mitigate the risks associated with acquisitions, joint ventures or minority investments through due diligence, governance or oversight rights, indemnification provisions and/or operational expertise, or to manage the integration of acquisitions effectively, could result in losses or impairments related to such transactions and have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, which may harm the company's competitive position in the investment management industry.
blackrock's alternatives products include investments in early-stage companies, private equity portfolio companies and real assets, such as real estate, infrastructure and energy assets, which may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to new or increased risks and liabilities, as well as reputational harm.
blackrock's alternatives products include investments in early-stage companies, private equity portfolio companies and real assets, including real estate, infrastructure and energy assets, that may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to increased risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership and management of such investments and portfolio companies. these may include:
•risks related to the potential illiquidity, valuation and disposition of such investments;
•risks related to emerging and less established companies that have, among other things, short operating histories, new technologies and products, nascent control functions, quickly evolving markets and limited financial resources;
•construction risks, including as a result of force majeure, labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment;
•accidents, pandemics, health crises or catastrophic events, such as explosions, fires or terrorist activity beyond blackrock's control;
•climate-related risks, including greater frequency or intensity of adverse weather and natural disasters;
•failures on the part of third-party managers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws;
•exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to financial crime, permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, tenancy, occupational health and safety, foreign investment and environmental protection;
•environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, product and waste spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, and unauthorized discharges of products, wastes and other pollutants;
•changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies or fluctuations in the price of commodities;
•risks related to the availability, cost, coverage and other limitations on insurance;
•the financial resources of tenants; and
•contingent liabilities on disposition of investments.
the above risks may expose blackrock's funds and accounts to additional expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation, and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by blackrock's clients. these risks could also result in direct liability for blackrock by exposing blackrock to losses, regulatory sanctions or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. similarly, market conditions may change during the course of developments or projects in which blackrock invests that make such development or project less attractive than at the time it was commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of blackrock's clients. the occurrence of any such events may expose blackrock to reputational harm, divert management's attention away from blackrock's other business activities or cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
operating in international markets increases blackrock's operational, political, regulatory and other risks.
as a result of blackrock's extensive international operations, the company faces associated operational, regulatory, reputational, political and foreign exchange rate risks, many of which are outside of the company's control. operating outside the us may also expose blackrock to increased compliance risks, as well as higher costs to comply with us and non-us anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations. similarly, certain jurisdictions in which blackrock operates may not have comparable levels of protection for corporate assets, such as intellectual property, and client information and records, as the us. as a result, there may also be heightened information security or privacy risks in those jurisdictions. any theft of data, technology or intellectual property may negatively impact blackrock's business operations and reputation. the failure of the company's systems of internal control to mitigate such risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support its global activities, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to human capital the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems could disrupt operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or damage the company's reputation and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
many of blackrock's operations are highly complex and are dependent on the company's ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although blackrock expends considerable resources on systemic controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate client guidelines and applicable rules and regulations or adversely affect clients, counterparties or the company, blackrock's operations are dependent on its employees. from time-to-time, employees make mistakes that are not always immediately detected by systems, controls, policies and procedures intended to prevent and detect such errors. these can include calculation errors, errors in software implementation or development, failure to ensure data security, follow processes, patch systems or report issues, or errors in judgment. such risks may be exacerbated in times of increased market volatility, high trading volumes or workforce turnover. human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, may disrupt operations or result in regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
fraud, the circumvention of controls or the violation of risk management and workplace policies could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock seeks to foster a positive workplace culture, has adopted a comprehensive risk management process and continues to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks. notwithstanding these measures, blackrock cannot ensure that its workplace culture or such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks and blackrock employees have in the past engaged in improper conduct. in addition, blackrock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may in the future deliberately or recklessly seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud, pay or solicit bribes or otherwise act in ways that are inconsistent with the company's controls, policies, procedures, workplace culture or principles. this risk may be heightened as blackrock expands into new markets and increases the breadth of its business offerings and remote and alternative work models, all of which introduce additional complexity to its risk management program. persistent attempts to circumvent policies and controls or repeated incidents involving fraud, conflicts of interests or transgressions of policies and controls could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, cause adverse publicity, and result in litigation, regulatory inquiries, fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure to recruit, train and retain employees and develop and implement effective executive succession could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce and the company's ability to plan for the future long-term growth of the business by identifying and developing those employees who can ultimately transition into key roles within blackrock. the global market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, technology and risk specialists and other professionals is highly competitive, and factors that affect blackrock's ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified and diverse employees include the company's reputation and workplace culture, the immigration and public health policies in the jurisdictions in which blackrock has offices, its approach to remote and alternative work models, the compensation and benefits it provides, and its commitment to effectively managing executive succession, including the development and training of qualified individuals.
in addition, a percentage of the deferred compensation that blackrock pays to certain of its employees is tied to the company's share price. as such, decreases in blackrock's share price could impair the retention value of such deferred compensation. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain employees and effectively manage executive succession. if blackrock is unable to offer competitive compensation or otherwise attract and retain talented individuals, or if it fails to effectively manage executive succession, the company's ability to compete effectively and retain its existing clients may be materially impacted.
risks related to key third-party relationships the impairment or failure of third parties may negatively impact the performance of products and accounts that blackrock manages, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management activities expose the products and accounts it manages for its clients to many different industries and counterparties, including distributors, brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, clearing organizations, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. transactions with counterparties expose blackrock's clients to credit risk in the event the applicable counterparty defaults. although blackrock regularly assesses risks posed by its counterparties, such counterparties may be subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may impair their ability to perform or they may fail to meet their obligations. counterparties may also experience lapses in their internal controls or risk management systems or expose blackrock and/or its clients to losses on account of employee malfeasance, negligence or human error. in addition, the concentration of certain financial institutions that blackrock uses to facilitate securities and derivatives transactions for its clients, including clearing organizations, exchanges and central agents, increases the risk that a technical or operational issue at, or default by, one such institution could introduce operational issues or delays impacting multiple blackrock clients. any such operational issue, impairment or failure could negatively impact the performance of products or accounts that blackrock manages for its clients, which may lead to client attrition and, in turn, cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure of key third-party providers to blackrock to fulfill their obligations or a failure by blackrock to maintain its relationships with key third-party providers could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's growth, reputation or business, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock depends on a number of key third-party providers for various fund administration, accounting, custody, market and esg data, market indices, insurance, technology, cloud hosting and transfer agent roles and other distribution and operational needs. further, blackrock relies upon a relatively concentrated group of third-party index providers to deliver services that are integral to its clients' investment decisions. the index provider industry is characterized by large vendors and the use of long-term contracts remains the market standard. this industry structure may limit blackrock's ability to renegotiate its index provider contracts on favorable terms or at all. while blackrock performs focused diligence on its vendors in an effort to ensure they operate in accordance with expectations, to the extent any significant deficiencies are uncovered, there may be few, or no, alternative vendors available. in addition, blackrock's operations and processes rely on commercially available data provided by third parties as well as providers of services, including technology services, and operating errors, process failures or failures to comply with data usage requirements with respect to these service providers may adversely impact blackrock. data providers commonly disclaim the accuracy and completeness of data and blackrock does not have the ability to validate or verify the accuracy and completeness of commercially sourced datasets. moreover, in situations where blackrock has limited access to alternative vendors, or where the nature of blackrock's arrangement with a vendor requires a long term-commitment, blackrock may be dependent on such vendor for continuous operational reliability and may be unable to avoid incurring costs if such vendor introduces required upgrades to its services.
blackrock may from time to time transfer key contracts from one third-party provider to another. key contract transfers may be costly and complex and expose blackrock to heightened operational risks. any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm, as well as financial losses to blackrock and its clients. the failure or inability of blackrock to diversify its sources for key services or the failure of any key third-party provider to fulfill its obligations could result in activities inconsistent with clients' investment management or other agreements, have an adverse financial impact on blackrock products or lead to operational, legal and regulatory issues for the company, which could result in reputational harm or legal liability, fines and/or sanctions and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock relies on a number of third parties to provide distribution, portfolio administration and servicing for certain blackrock investment management products and services through their various distribution channels. blackrock's ability to maintain strong relationships with its distributors may impact the company's future performance, and its relationships with distributors are subject to periodic renegotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of blackrock products and services being marketed or distributed. moreover, new fiduciary regulations could lead to significant shifts in distributors' business models and more limited product offerings, potentially resulting in reduced distribution and/or marketing of certain of the company's products and services and fee compression. if blackrock is unable to distribute its products and services successfully or if it is unable to replace or renew existing distribution arrangements, blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings may decline. in addition, improper activities, as well as inadequate anti-money laundering diligence conducted by third-party distributors, could create reputational and regulatory harm to blackrock.
key technology partnerships may expose blackrock to increased regulatory oversight, as well as migration, execution, technology and operational risks.
in april 2020, blackrock announced a strategic partnership to host aladdin infrastructure on the microsoft azure cloud and commenced a multi-year plan to migrate the aladdin environments for blackrock and its external aladdin clients to the cloud. in addition, blackrock has also migrated certain systems that support its corporate functions to cloud-based platforms. the benefits of cloud-based platforms are significant and blackrock has adopted a robust risk-based approach to its migration strategies; however these partnerships also introduce new risks, including: (1) risks associated with relying on third-parties for aspects of infrastructure reliability and stability; (2) software and information security risks arising from the use of cloud technology; (3) operational and execution risks, including those related to migration; and (4) risks related to increased regulatory oversight and new compliance obligations, which risks may be further exacerbated as blackrock and the aladdin platform continue to grow. any failure by blackrock to manage these risks, and/or risks associated with future potential technology partnerships, may result in escalating costs, financial loss, client dissatisfaction or attrition, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded fund ("etf") platform may adversely affect the prices at which etfs trade, particularly during periods of market volatility.
blackrock is the largest provider of etfs globally. shares of etfs trade on stock exchanges at prices at, above or below the etf's most recent net asset value ("nav"). the nav of an etf is calculated at the end of each business day and fluctuates with changes in the market value of the etf's holdings. the trading price of the etf's shares fluctuates continuously throughout trading hours. the creation/redemption feature and arbitrage mechanism of an etf are designed to make it more likely that the etf's shares normally will trade at prices close to the nav. notwithstanding these features, exchange prices have in the past deviated measurably from the nav of certain etfs and may under certain circumstances do so in the future. etf market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including trading halts invoked by a stock exchange, and the inability or unwillingness of market makers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an etf's arbitrage mechanism to function effectively. these risks may be heightened as a result of significant market volatility, the growth of the etf industry combined with increased market activity, as well as the complexity associated with certain products. moreover, if market events lead to incidences where etfs trade at prices that deviate meaningfully from an etf's nav, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in etf products and redeem their holdings, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
legal, regulatory and reputational risks blackrock is subject to extensive regulation around the world, which increases its cost of doing business.
blackrock's business is subject to extensive regulation around the world. these regulations subject blackrock's business activities to an array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly and complex.
in addition, many of blackrock's legal entities are subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing corruption, money laundering, inappropriate employment practices, illegal payments and engaging in business activities with certain individuals, countries or groups, including but not limited to the us foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act, the bank secrecy act, the eu anti-money laundering directives, the money laundering, terrorist financing and transfer of funds regulations 2017, the uk bribery act, sanctions imposed by the us treasury's office of foreign assets control, the united nations and the eu and its member states, as well as those imposed by other countries in which blackrock operates, such as his majesty's treasury's ("hmt") office of financial sanctions implementation.
blackrock is also subject to certain risk retention rules and regulation, as well as regulatory capital requirements, which require the company to maintain capital to support certain of its businesses. furthermore, many jurisdictions in which blackrock operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including the gdpr and uk gdpr, which expand data protection rules for individuals within the european economic area ("eea") and uk, respectively, and for personal data exported outside the eea and uk.
blackrock is additionally subject to scrutiny from various government agencies that focus on antitrust and competition laws and regulations within the us and internationally, including in connection with merger control proceedings and proposed investments. any determination of a failure to comply with any such laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions against the company, as well as reputational harm. moreover, to the extent that these laws and regulations become more stringent, or if blackrock is required to hold increased levels of capital to support its businesses, the company's financial performance or plans for growth may be adversely impacted.
blackrock may also be adversely affected by a failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, including those discussed above. challenges associated with interpreting regulations issued in numerous countries in a globally consistent manner may add to such risks if regulators in different jurisdictions have inconsistent views or provide only limited regulatory guidance. in particular, violation of applicable laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions, temporary or permanent prohibition of certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations, suspensions of employees or revocation of their licenses, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or suspension or termination of btc's bank charter or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or business and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. for a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which blackrock is subject and regulated by, see item 1, business - regulation.
new regulations informed by global standard setters and/or developed by various national authorities may expose blackrock to increasing regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs in the jurisdictions in which it operates.
policymaking workstreams focused on the financial services sector led by global standard setters, such as the financial stability board ("fsb"), international organization of securities commissions ("iosco") and bank for international settlements, may lead to or inform new regulations in multiple jurisdictions in which blackrock operates. most recently, such workstreams have focused on areas such as products and activities of non-bank financial institutions, money market funds ("mmfs"), open-ended funds ("oefs"), central counterparty margin practices and enhanced esg disclosures. blackrock is, and may become, subject to increasing regulation in these areas, see item 1, business - regulation, including:
•macroprudential policies for asset managers: concerns about liquidity and leverage risks in the asset management industry and wider market-based finance sector have been heightened since the covid-19 pandemic and reinforced by the recent liquidity driven investment events in the uk. such events have prompted a broad review of existing regulations globally, including an assessment of the adequacy of certain structural market components in mitigating risks by the fsb, iosco, the us securities and exchange commission (the "sec") and the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc"). in november 2022, the sec proposed, among other things, amendments to the rules governing oef liquidity risk management and swing pricing. the eu has also proposed reforms to increase the availability of liquidity management tools to oefs, enhance reporting on the use of liquidity management tools by oefs to national regulators and allow such regulators to require oef managers to activate liquidity management tools in extreme market conditions. if any of these regulatory or policy actions result in broad application of macroprudential tools to oefs or require blackrock to make changes to structural features of certain oefs, it could limit blackrock's ability to offer products to certain clients and/or result in clients altering their investment strategies or allocations in a manner that is adverse to blackrock.
•global mmf reforms: following the market events of march 2020, us, eu and uk authorities initiated a review of existing regulatory frameworks with the aim of improving the resilience of mmfs in market downturns. the ongoing review of the eu money market fund regulation could result in significant changes to the rules around liquidity and how some mmfs price shares. the uk may materially depart from the eu approach as the uk develops its own legal and regulatory framework for mmfs domiciled or marketed in the uk. in the us, the sec proposed changes to rule 2a-7, the primary rule under the investment company act of 1940 governing mmfs, including changes to required liquidity levels and certain operational aspects of such funds, and changes in pricing under certain circumstances. such regulatory reforms, if adopted, could significantly and adversely impact certain of blackrock's mmf products.
•esg and sustainability: esg and sustainability have been the subject of increased regulatory focus across jurisdictions. globally, the international sustainability standards board and the development of its disclosure standards may inform national regulators' approaches on these topics. in the us, the sec has proposed a series of rules that would require, among other things: (1) corporate issuers to make substantial climate-related disclosures in their periodic reports, including with respect to governance, risk management, business strategy, financial statement metrics and greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions and (2) enhanced esg disclosures by investment companies and investment advisers in fund and adviser filings, including disclosures regarding esg strategies and how esg factors are considered, and ghg emissions disclosure by certain environmentally focused funds. the sec also announced plans to propose rules to require enhanced disclosure regarding human capital management and board diversity for public issuers. it has also increased its scrutiny of disclosure and compliance issues relating to investment advisers' and funds' esg strategies, policies and procedures. in addition, the us department of labor recently issued final rules clarifying that employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended ("erisa") plan fiduciaries can, but are not required to, consider the economic effects of esg factors for purposes of investing erisa plan assets and exercising voting rights with respect to plan investments. some us states and/or state officials have adopted or proposed legislation or otherwise have taken official positions restricting or prohibiting state government entities from doing certain business with entities identified by the state as "boycotting" or "discriminating" against particular industries or considering esg factors in their investment processes and proxy voting. other states and localities may adopt similar legislation or other esg-related laws and positions.
the eu has enacted numerous regulations on esg and sustainability, including to require sustainability-related disclosure by financial market participants; require the integration of sustainability considerations into the investment and risk management processes of asset managers and other institutional investors; and make the advice and financial product distribution process more receptive to end-investor sustainability preferences. further rules are expected to come into force in 2023 and beyond. in addition, requirements for asset managers to report against an eu-wide taxonomy of environmentally sustainable activities took effect in 2022, with a further phase expected in 2023, and new proposed regulation to enhance sustainability reporting for eu-based corporate issuers is expected to take effect in 2024. blackrock's eu asset management companies and investment firms will be required to publish granular disclosures relating to the esg characteristics of their funds and portfolios starting in 2023. the eu also proposed a draft directive in 2022 that would apply new supply chain due diligence obligations pertaining to sustainability to a wide group of global companies. furthermore, the eu released a consultation on esg and sustainability factors in credit ratings. the eu and the uk financial conduct authority ("fca") are developing guidelines for the use of esg or sustainability related terms in fund names, focused on specifying a minimum threshold of assets meeting esg or sustainable criteria for such funds.
within the uk, the government has mandated climate-related risk reporting based on the task force on climate-related financial disclosures ("tcfd") framework at uk firm and product level with first disclosures due in 2023. in addition, the fca has proposed uk-specific sustainability regulations, including a sustainable product classification system for funds, which are expected to come into force on a staggered basis from 2023 through 2025.
in asia, policymakers in singapore, hong kong and japan issued or proposed sustainability-related regulations. for instance, requirements for asset managers to integrate climate risk considerations in investment and risk management processes, together with relevant disclosure obligations, became effective in hong kong and singapore in 2022. esg fund naming and related disclosure rules became effective in hong kong in 2022 and in singapore in january 2023. further, singapore and japan announced enhanced sustainability reporting requirements for corporate issuers. in 2022, japan finalized its voluntary code of conduct for esg data and ratings providers. meanwhile, australia's securities regulator issued information on "greenwashing", and the australian government is seeking input on the design and implementation of a climate-related financial disclosure regime.
as jurisdictions continue to develop legal frameworks on esg and sustainability regulations, blackrock faces increased fragmentation risk related to local implementation, resulting in complex and potentially conflicting compliance obligations and legal and regulatory uncertainty.
•libor transition: the global transition away from libor continues to progress. tenors of non-usd libor ceased to be published at the end of 2021 while publication of most usd libor settings is expected to continue through june 2023. in march 2022, the adjustable interest rate (libor) act (the "libor act") was signed into law, establishing a framework for the replacement of libor as a benchmark in us law contracts that reference certain tenors of usd libor and do not provide for a clearly defined and practicable benchmark replacement rate following the cessation of publication. in july 2022, the federal reserve board solicited public comment on proposed libor transition regulations implementing the libor act. other global regulatory authorities such as the fca have issued consultations regarding the wind-down of libor. if such proposals are not finalized, parties to unremediated contracts, and the markets more generally, face the potential for uncertainty, disputes, litigation and market disruption.
global regulatory reforms could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, increase regulatory compliance costs, result in litigation, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
regulatory reforms in the us expose blackrock to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
in recent years, a number of regulatory reforms have been proposed or fully or partially implemented in the us, and the level of regulatory scrutiny to which blackrock is subject has increased. these risks have been heightened as the pace of regulatory rulemaking has intensified. blackrock, as well as its clients, vendors and distributors, have expended resources and altered certain of their business or operating activities to prepare for, address and meet the requirements that such regulatory reforms impose. while blackrock is, and may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives in the us, see item 1, business - regulation, key regulatory reforms that may impact the company include:
•antitrust rules and guidance: in 2020, the ftc proposed certain changes to rules enacted under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 ("hsr") that require parties to certain transactions to provide the ftc and the antitrust division of the department of justice (the "doj") prior notice and observe a waiting period before consummation of such transactions. the proposals would: (1) require that investors aggregate holdings in an issuer across all associated funds when assessing hsr filing and exemption thresholds and (2) create a new exemption for acquisitions resulting in aggregate holdings of up to 10% of an issuer, which would be unavailable to investors holding interests of more than 1% in competing firms. if enacted as drafted, the proposed aggregation requirement could, absent applicable exemptions, substantially increase blackrock's pre-merger notification obligations, which may be costly, impair funds' ability to trade freely creating significant tracking error and cash drag for index funds and opportunity costs for actively managed funds, require implementation of monitoring tools and introduce additional compliance burdens for both blackrock and the companies in which it invests. in instances where filing a pre-merger notification is not practicable, the proposed changes may serve to limit the size of blackrock's aggregate position in certain issuers if blackrock is unable to satisfy the revised regulatory requirements. in 2021, the ftc voted to withdraw its approval of the vertical merger guidelines, previously issued jointly with the doj. in 2022 the ftc and doj jointly released a request for public comment on modernizing the agencies' approach to the merger guidelines, including whether to dispense with the guidelines' traditional distinction between the treatment of horizontal and vertical mergers. such changes could have an effect on the ability of the company to expand its services through strategic investments or acquisitions.
•sec rulemakings for us registered funds and investment advisers: the sec has engaged in various initiatives and reviews that seek to improve and modernize the regulatory structure governing the asset management industry and registered investment companies. for example, in october 2022, the sec adopted rules requiring certain funds to provide tailored fund shareholder reports and proposed amendments expanding the scope of the application of the rule governing fund names, including to, among other things, fund names that include esg or similar terms.
•designation as a systemically important financial institution ("sifi"): the fsoc has the authority to designate nonbank financial institutions as sifis in the us under the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010. in july 2014, the fsoc pivoted from an entity-specific approach and indicated that it would focus on a products and activities-based approach to designation in connection with addressing potential risks in the financial system related to asset management, which was re-affirmed in december 2019 guidance. however, recent public reports and statements by fsoc members have suggested a willingness to support a repeal or amendment to certain parts of the 2019 guidance to provide the fsoc more flexibility to designate nonbank financial institutions as sifis. if blackrock is designated as a sifi, it could become subject to enhanced regulatory requirements and direct supervision by the federal reserve.
•sec rules governing security-based swaps: in december 2021, the sec proposed rules in connection with security-based swaps ("sbs") transactions to require public reporting of large sbs positions. these rules, if adopted as proposed, may affect the types of transactions blackrock may choose to execute in sbs or other sbs-related assets, introduce or increase costs relating to such transactions, and impact the liquidity in the sbs markets in which blackrock transacts.
•sec proposed rules on private fund advisers: during 2022, the sec proposed new rules and amendments to enhance regulation of private fund advisors. these include a series of proposed amendments to form pf for registered investment advisers that: (1) add new required disclosures, (2) require advisers to file reports within one business day for certain significant events, (3) lower the threshold for large private equity adviser reporting, (4) increase reporting obligations on large liquidity fund advisers, and (5) enhance reporting on basic information about advisers and the funds they advise. the sec proposed additional rules that would, among other things, require registered private fund advisers to: (1) provide quarterly reports to investors of fund performance, fees and expenses, (2) obtain an annual audit for each fund and (3) distribute to investors a fairness opinion and summary of certain material business relationships with the opinion provider in connection with an adviser-led secondary transaction. the proposed rules would also prohibit private fund advisers from engaging in certain activities and practices deemed to be contrary to the public interest and investor protection, providing certain types of preferential terms for selected investors and providing any other forms of preferential treatment unless disclosed. these rules and amendments, if adopted as proposed, could significantly increase blackrock's reporting, disclosure and compliance obligations and create operational complexity for blackrock's alternatives products.
•sec rule 15c2-11: rule 15c2-11 governs the submission of quotes into quotation systems by broker-dealers and has historically been applied to the otc equity markets. however, the sec has stated that it intends to apply the rule to fixed income securities. while sec staff issued additional no-action relief in november 2022 delaying implementation of the rule to segments of the fixed income markets until 2025, full implementation may disrupt primary and secondary market liquidity.
•proposed rules on regulation ats: in january 2022, the sec proposed amendments to regulation ats. the proposed rules would expand the types of systems that could fall within the definition of "exchange" and extend regulation ats and regulation systems compliance and integrity to systems involving us government securities trading. if enacted as proposed, these rules may impact certain functionality and tools offered by aladdin, which may increase compliance costs for blackrock.
•proposed us treasury clearing mandate: in september 2022, the sec proposed rules that would mandate central clearing of certain us treasury transactions. if enacted as proposed, the rules would require many market participants, including a large number of blackrock funds and accounts, to clear cash treasury securities transactions and treasury repurchase transactions through a clearing agency registered with the sec, which could result in increased transaction costs for our clients.
regulatory reforms in the us could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, increase regulatory compliance costs, result in litigation, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
international regulatory reforms expose blackrock and its clients to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
blackrock's business and operating activities are subject to increasing regulatory oversight outside of the us and the company may be affected by several proposed or implemented reform initiatives in the emea and the asia-pacific regions, as well as volatility associated with international regulatory uncertainty. while blackrock is, and may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives internationally, see item 1, business - regulation, key reforms in these regions include:
•eu market access and outsourcing: the eu legislature continues to consider proposals amending both the alternative investment fund managers directive ("aifmd") and directive on undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities fund frameworks. the proposed changes remain broadly consistent with the current regulatory framework but with increased notification requirements to national regulators and the european securities and markets authority ("esma"), enhanced liquidity management requirements and new requirements for loan originating funds. there is also a proposal to require notification for instances of significant delegation of portfolio management or risk management functions to entities located outside the eu. esma would then be required to present market analysis and supervisory peer review every two years to the european parliament ("ep"). these proposals and any further regulatory actions could impact delegated activities, increase compliance costs and impact products and services offered to eu clients.
•enhanced regulatory scrutiny of technology service providers to financial services firms: the eu's digital operational resilience act ("dora"), which focuses on direct regulation of providers and users of technology and data services, entered into force in january 2023, with the requirements expected to become applicable in january 2025. dora will, among other things: (1) introduce additional governance, risk management, incident reporting, resilience testing and information sharing requirements to several of blackrock's european entities and certain aladdin clients; and (2) subject aladdin to broad additional oversight. in parallel with dora, the uk has signaled its intention to provide hmt powers to designate certain third parties to the financial sector as "critical" and subject them to oversight by uk regulators. this regime is expected to build on existing uk requirements regarding firms' operational resilience and use of technology.
•central securities depository regulation: aspects of the settlement discipline regime introduced by the central securities depository regulation came into effect in february 2022. these include rules for trade allocation and confirmation processing, along with cash penalties for failed transactions. however, the mandatory buy-in regime is delayed to june 2025. implementation of the regime required new operational mechanisms to facilitate compliance, which may increase required resources and cost.
united kingdom
•review of retained eu law: under the financial services and markets bill (the "fsm bill") introduced in july 2022, retained eu law relating to financial services and markets will be revoked and uk financial regulators will be delegated substantial rulemaking powers to amend and restate such retained laws. several uk regimes are currently subject to regulatory changes as the uk considers changes to retained eu rules following the uk's exit from the eu, including the wholesale markets review of the revised markets in financial instruments directive and markets in financial instruments regulation frameworks, consumer disclosures, and the regime for non-uk-based funds that are recognized for sale into the uk, which is also currently under government review.
•overseas fund regime ("ofr"): the ofr, the simplified regime through which non-uk funds can register with the fca to be marketed to uk retail investors, was enacted in february 2022 and is expected to be implemented over the next two years. the ofr will require consumer protection regimes in eu countries where blackrock funds are domiciled to be found equivalent to the uk's regime in order to market such funds in the uk.
•conduct regulation: the fca continues to focus on conduct regulation, including the implementation of the consumer duty by all asset management firms, including blackrock's uk subsidiaries. the consumer duty rules require firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers in their manufacture and distribution of products and services, in respect of price and value, consumer understanding and consumer support. the rules are expected to come into force in july 2023. any failure to meet the fca's regulatory expectations could expose blackrock to regulatory sanctions and increased reputational risk.
•edinburgh reforms: in december 2022, the uk announced wide-ranging reforms to financial services regulation which build on the fsm bill, marking further potential divergence from eu regimes. potential impacts to the asset management sector include: (1) repeal and replacement of the packaged retail and insurance based investment products ("priips") regulation; (2) review of the uk's green finance strategy, including potential regulation of esg data providers; (3) review of governance through the senior managers and certification regime; (4) repeal of eu legislation on the european long-term investment fund; (5) market infrastructure reforms; (6) reassessment of the boundary between investment advice and financial guidance; and (7) independent review of the uk investment research landscape.
•regulatory environment in china: the company's operations in china are subject to a number of regulatory risks, including an evolving regulatory environment and complex data security and data transfer regulations. these factors may increase compliance risk and costs, limit the company's ability to source and execute new investment opportunities and lead to impairment losses on its investments. restrictions on the transfer of the company's chinese onshore data to offshore entities also may limit blackrock's ability to aggregate, report and monitor such data on its global platform. in addition, a number of regulators in china have jurisdiction over blackrock's business operations, increasing operational and regulatory engagement complexity. these risks may be further heightened by additional scrutiny by chinese regulators of certain sectors, such as technology and other industries that might be deemed to be of national importance.
international regulatory reforms could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, increase regulatory compliance costs, result in litigation, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
blackrock is subject to a number of sources of potential legal liability and the company, certain of the investment funds it manages and certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with blackrock's activities. certain of blackrock's subsidiaries and employees are also subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and potential proceedings by regulatory authorities, including the securities and exchange commission, office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ"), department of labor, commodity futures trading commission, financial conduct authority, commission de surveillance du secteur financial and federal reserve. similarly, from time to time, blackrock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various us state and federal as well as non-us governmental and regulatory authorities in connection with certain industry-wide, company-specific or other investigations, proceedings or litigations. these examinations, inquiries and proceedings have in the past and could in the future, if compliance failures or other violations are found, cause the relevant governmental or regulatory authority to institute proceedings and/or impose sanctions for violations. any such action may also result in litigation by investors in blackrock's funds, other blackrock clients or blackrock's shareholders. such legal proceedings could harm the company's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, potentially harm the investment returns of the applicable fund, or result in the company being liable for damages.
in addition, when clients retain blackrock to manage their assets or provide them with products or services, they typically specify contractual requirements or guidelines that blackrock must observe in the provision of its services. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could expose blackrock to lawsuits, harm its reputation or cause clients to withdraw assets or terminate contracts.
damage to blackrock's reputation may harm its business.
blackrock's reputation is critical to its relationships with its clients, employees, shareholders and business partners. blackrock's reputation may be harmed by, among other factors, regulatory, enforcement or other governmental actions, technology or operational failures, poor investment performance, ineffective management or monitoring of key third-party relationships, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, privacy incidents, employee errors or misconduct, failures to manage risks or conflicts of interest, or legal actions related to blackrock or its products and services. in addition, blackrock's business, scale and investments subject it to significant media coverage and increasing attention from a broad range of stakeholders. this heightened scrutiny has resulted in negative publicity and adverse actions for blackrock and may continue to do so in the future. for example, different stakeholder groups have divergent views on esg-related matters, including in the countries in which blackrock operates and invests, as well as in states and localities where blackrock serves public sector clients. this divergence has and continues to increase the risk that any perceived or actual action or lack thereof by blackrock on such matters will be viewed differently by various stakeholders and adversely impact blackrock's reputation and business, including through redemptions or terminations by clients, and legal and governmental action and scrutiny. blackrock's global presence and investments on behalf of its clients around the world could also lead to heightened scrutiny and criticism in an increasingly fragmented geopolitical landscape. for example, blackrock has received criticism from some stakeholders because of its operations and investments on behalf of clients in certain countries, including china. these criticisms could adversely impact blackrock's reputation and business. in addition, the increasing popularity of social media and non-mainstream internet news sources may lead to faster and wider dissemination of adverse publicity or inaccurate information about blackrock, making effective remediation more difficult. damage to blackrock's reputation may impact blackrock's ability to attract and retain clients, employees, shareholders and business partners, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
a failure to effectively manage potential conflicts of interest could result in litigation or enforcement actions and/or adversely affect blackrock's business and reputation, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
as a global investment management firm that provides investment and technology services to a diverse range of clients, the company must routinely address and manage conflicts of interest, as well as the perception of conflicts of interest, between itself and its clients, employees or vendors. while blackrock has policies, controls and disclosure protocols in place to manage and address potential conflicts of interest, identifying and mitigating conflicts of interest can be complex and is the subject of increasing regulatory and media scrutiny. it is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to investor or client dissatisfaction, adverse publicity, litigation or enforcement actions. in particular, blackrock's broad range of investment, advisory and technology offerings, and its focus on providing clients with whole portfolio solutions, may result in clients working with multiple blackrock businesses and/or blackrock being engaged by institutions that have a nexus to industries or jurisdictions in which blackrock operates, which may increase the potential for actual or perceived conflicts of interest and improper information sharing. to the extent that blackrock fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with any conflict of interest, it may face adverse publicity, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory proceedings, client attrition, penalties, fines and/or sanctions, any of which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
a subsidiary of blackrock is subject to us banking regulations that may limit its business activities.
blackrock's trust bank subsidiary, which is a national banking association chartered by the occ, is subject to occ regulation and capital requirements that may limit its business activities. the occ has broad supervisory and enforcement authority over blackrock's trust bank. having a subsidiary subject to banking regulation may put blackrock at a competitive disadvantage because certain of its competitors are not subject to the limitations imposed by such regulation.
the implications of complying with threshold limits and/or any failure to comply with ownership reporting requirements could result in harm to blackrock's reputation, impact the performance of certain blackrock funds and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
of note among the various regulations to which blackrock is subject are the extensive and increasingly stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the company. the specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. blackrock continues to invest in technology, training and its employees to further enhance its monitoring and reporting functions. despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the company and high volume of securities trading have caused errors and omissions to occur in the past and pose a risk that errors or omissions may occur in the future. any such errors may expose blackrock to monetary penalties or other sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
moreover, as blackrock's business grows it is becoming subject to a greater number of regulatory, industry-level or issuer-specific threshold limits that may prevent blackrock from holding positions in certain equity securities, securities convertible into equity securities or futures contracts in excess of certain thresholds. although blackrock is actively engaged in regulatory, issuer-specific and structural initiatives to create additional investment capacity, threshold limits may nonetheless prevent the purchase of certain securities which may, in turn, impact the performance of certain blackrock index funds by increasing tracking error relative to the funds' benchmarks and impact the performance of certain blackrock actively managed funds by preventing them from taking advantage of alpha generating opportunities.
blackrock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about the scale of its index investing business, as well as purported competition issues relating to the common ownership theory.
as a leader in the index investing and asset management industry, blackrock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about the growth of index investing and concentrated proxy voting power. some commentators have argued that continued growth of index funds has the potential to impact stock market competitiveness by exacerbating stock price moves and market volatility. some commentators, regulators and lawmakers have also argued that index managers have accumulated outsized influence through the proxy voting power their clients have assigned them. some have proposed limitations on the ability of index fund managers to vote on behalf of their clients, or that voting and engagement on certain topics should trigger changes in regulatory status. additional commentary focuses on the common ownership theory, an academic theory stating that minority ownership of multiple companies within a single industry by the same investor leads to anticompetitive effects. this theory purports to link aggregated equity positions in certain industries with higher consumer prices and executive compensation and lower wages and employment rates, among other things. in the us, the ftc cited common ownership as a disqualifying factor in a proposed exemption from pre-merger notification rules and as a consideration underlying its consultation on rules applying to acquisitions of voting securities by investment entities. in 2021, the ftc identified common ownership as a key enforcement area and passed a resolution empowering individual commissioners to investigate shareholder conduct in connection with common ownership. in 2022, the ftc and antitrust division of the doj solicited public input on changes to their merger guidelines, including a question on whether the guidelines' approach to common ownership is adequate. common ownership may be given greater consideration in ftc and doj investigations, studies, rule proposals, policy decisions and/or the scrutiny of mergers and acquisitions. the debate on common ownership is still on the agenda of competition regulators globally, and common ownership may continue to be a consideration for the european commission ("ec"), among others, including in the assessment of mergers and investigations. for example, ec and ep reports in 2020 suggested that more evidence was required on the impact of common ownership on competition, and a committee of the australian house of representatives held an inquiry in 2021 on the implications of common ownership and capital concentration on australian companies and markets. there is substantial literature casting doubt on the assumptions, data, methodology and conclusions associated with the common ownership theory and competition regulators, including at the ftc and the uk competition & markets authority, have acknowledged that the debate around the theory remains unsettled. nevertheless, some commentators have proposed remedies, including limits on the ownership stakes of common owners that, if enacted into policy, could have a negative impact on the capital markets, as well as increase costs and limit the availability of products for investors. such policy solutions could, in turn, adversely affect blackrock.
new tax legislation or changes to existing us and non-us tax laws, treaties and regulations or challenges to blackrock's historical taxation practices may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition.
blackrock's businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws, by us or non-us tax authorities. in the us, the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") introduced new provisions including a corporate book minimum tax and an excise tax on net stock repurchases. blackrock does not expect the ira to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. in addition, legislation at both the us federal and state level has been previously proposed to enact a financial transaction tax ("ftt") on stocks, bonds and a broad range of financial instruments and derivative transactions. in the eu, certain member states have also enacted similar ftts and the ec has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes and provide for the adoption of eu-level legislation applicable to some (but not all) eu member states. if enacted as proposed, ftts could have an adverse effect on blackrock's financial results and clients' performance results.
the organisation for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") has proposed certain international tax reforms, which, among other things, would (1) shift taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer and (2) establish a global minimum tax for multinational companies of 15%. in december 2022, eu member states agreed to adopt the oecd's minimum tax rules, which are expected to begin going into effect in 2024. several other countries, including the uk, are also considering changes to their tax law to implement the oecd's minimum tax proposal. as a result of these developments, the tax laws of certain countries in which we do business could change, and any such changes could increase our tax liabilities.
the application of tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties, and in the normal course of business us and non-us tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by blackrock. these challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate and overall financial condition. similarly, the company manages assets in products and accounts that have investment objectives which may conform to tax positions adopted by blackrock or to specific tax rules. to the extent there are changes in tax law or policy, or regulatory challenges to tax positions adopted by blackrock, the value or attractiveness of such investments may be diminished and blackrock may suffer financial or reputational harm.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report, and other statements that blackrock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act, with respect to blackrock's future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "trend," "potential," "opportunity," "pipeline," "believe," "comfortable," "expect," "anticipate," "current," "intention," "estimate," "position," "assume," "outlook," "continue," "remain," "maintain," "sustain," "seek," "achieve," and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "may" and similar expressions.
blackrock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and blackrock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.
blackrock has previously disclosed risk factors in its securities and exchange commission ("sec") reports. these risk factors and those identified elsewhere in this report, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance and include: (1) a pandemic or health crisis, including the covid-19 pandemic, and its continued impact on blackrock's products, clients, vendors and employees, and blackrock's results of operations; (2) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (3) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management ("aum"); (4) the relative and absolute investment performance of blackrock's investment products; (5) blackrock's ability to develop new products and services that address client preferences; (6) the impact of increased competition; (7) the impact of future acquisitions or divestitures; (8) blackrock's ability to integrate acquired businesses successfully; (9) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (10) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (11) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, data, information and cybersecurity protection; (12) attempts to circumvent blackrock's operational control environment or the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems; (13) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms, regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies and governmental scrutiny relating to blackrock; (14) changes in law and policy and uncertainty pending any such changes; (15) any failure to effectively manage conflicts of interest; (16) damage to blackrock's reputation; (17) geopolitical unrest, terrorist activities, civil or international hostilities, including the war between russia and ukraine, and natural disasters, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or blackrock; (18) climate-related risks to blackrock's business, products, operations and clients; (19) the ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified and diverse professionals; (20) fluctuations in the carrying value of blackrock's economic investments; (21) the impact of changes to tax legislation, including income, payroll and transaction taxes, and taxation on products or transactions, which could affect the value proposition to clients and, generally, the tax position of the company; (22) blackrock's success in negotiating distribution arrangements and maintaining distribution channels for its products; (23) the failure by key third-party providers of blackrock to fulfill their obligations to the company; (24) operational, technological and regulatory risks associated with blackrock's major technology partnerships; (25) any disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded funds ("etf") platform; (26) the impact of blackrock electing to provide support to its products from time to time and any potential liabilities related to securities lending or other indemnification obligations; and (27) the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
overview blackrock, inc. (together, with its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates, "blackrock" or the "company") is a leading publicly traded investment management firm with $8.6 trillion of aum at december 31, 2022. with approximately 19,800 employees in more than 30 countries, blackrock provides a broad range of investment and technology services to institutional and retail clients in more than 100 countries across the globe. for further information see note 1, business overview, and note 27, segment information, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
the following discussion includes a comparison of blackrock's results for 2022 and 2021. for a discussion of blackrock's results for 2020 and a comparison of results for 2021 and 2020, see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was filed with the sec on february 25, 2022.
certain prior period presentations and disclosures, while not required to be recast, were reclassified to ensure comparability with current period classifications.
business outlook blackrock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's clients' needs and focus on the long-term, which the company believes better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all of its stakeholders.
blackrock's framework for long-term shareholder value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. blackrock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning blackrock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of aum and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests on behalf of clients, and blackrock's ability to maintain strong investment performance, could impact blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings.
during 2022, blackrock voluntarily waived a portion of its management fees on certain money market funds to ensure that they maintained a minimum level of daily net investment income. these waivers resulted in a reduction of management fees of approximately $72 million in 2022, a portion of which was partially offset by a reduction of blackrock's distribution and servicing costs paid to financial intermediaries.
approximately 50% of these gross fee waivers are generally shared with distributors, reducing the impact on operating income. these waivers ceased following rate hikes by the bank of england and the united states ("us") federal reserve in march 2022.
recently, central banks globally have raised interest rates in an effort to moderate inflation. blackrock's business is directly and indirectly affected by changes in global interest rates. changes in global interest rates may cause blackrock's aum to fluctuate and introduce volatility to the company's base fees, net income and operating cash flows. blackrock's business may also be impacted by governmental changes, as well as potential regulations, foreign and trade policies and fiscal spending that may arise as a result of such changes. see part i, item 1a - risk factors herein for information on the possible future effects of changes in global interest rates and governmental changes on the company's results.
blackrock manages $2.5 trillion in fixed income assets, nearly two-thirds of which are owned by institutions for strategic or liability-matching purposes. blackrock believes it is well positioned for a higher rate environment due to the breadth, diversification and investment performance of its fixed income platform which encompasses active, exchange-traded funds ("etfs") and non-etf index fixed income products, and a range of strategies, including unconstrained, high yield, total return and short-duration.
blackrock manages $4.4 trillion of equity assets across markets globally. beta divergence between equity markets, where certain markets perform differently than others, may lead to an increase in the proportion of blackrock aum weighted toward lower fee equity products, resulting in a decline in blackrock's effective fee rate. divergent market factors may also erode the correlation between the growth rates of aum and investment advisory and administration fees (collectively "base fees") and securities lending revenue.
blackrock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments and provide clients with choice in how they seek to achieve their unique financial goals. blackrock is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. in addition, blackrock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics and technology capabilities, including the aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. blackrock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, as well as investors in etfs, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus. the diversity of blackrock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. blackrock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of blackrock; accelerate growth in etfs, illiquid alternatives, and technology; deliver whole portfolio solutions and become the global leader in sustainable investing.
blackrock is a $2.3 trillion active manager, with the active platform reflecting global reach, interconnectivity across teams and regions, growing data and insights, integrated technology and risk management and scalable processes - all of which the company believes enables it to deliver more consistent outcomes for clients over the long-term.
the index investing industry has been growing rapidly - with etfs as a major beneficiary - driven by structural tailwinds including the migration from commission-based to fee-based wealth management, growth in model portfolios, clients' focus on value for money, the use of etfs as alpha tools and the modernization of the bond market. blackrock's etf growth strategy is centered on increasing scale and pursuing global growth themes in client and product segments, including core, strategic, which includes fixed income, factors, sustainable and thematic etfs, and precision exposures.
clients are also increasing their allocations to private markets as they search for diversification and higher returns. blackrock has built a broad illiquid alternatives platform with $118 billion of aum across infrastructure, private credit, real estate and private equity to meet this demand. as of december 31, 2022, blackrock has approximately $34 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternatives strategies, and remains confident in its ability to accelerate growth as a leader in private markets. blackrock also manages $81 billion in liquid alternatives, as well as $86 billion in liquid credit strategies, included within fixed income aum.
blackrock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. blackrock continues to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with aladdin. clients increasingly want to tailor how they use aladdin to meet their specific needs, and blackrock is providing them with choice and flexibility. blackrock is creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems and others, who can work with clients in their aladdin environments to provide a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. blackrock is also investing to scale aladdin for its next leg of growth through the substantially complete migration of aladdin from blackrock-hosted data centers to the cloud. this is expected to bring enhanced capabilities to blackrock and its aladdin clients, accelerating innovation and supporting greater computing scale and flexibility for clients. through this migration as well as blackrock's strategic partnership with snowflake, an industry-leader in cloud enabled data technology, the company is building aladdin data cloud, a next generation solution that brings aladdin and non-aladdin data together, so clients can nimbly access and use data across their organization unlocking their full potential for collaboration, creativity, and innovation.
as the asset management landscape shifts globally from individual product selection to a whole-portfolio approach, blackrock's strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions. this includes having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. digital wealth tools are an important component of blackrock's retail strategy, as blackrock scales and customizes model portfolios, extends aladdin wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management, powered by aladdin. blackrock has seen strong momentum in outsourcing solutions among institutional clients, including the funding of several significant mandates in 2022, and anticipates continued outsourcing opportunities in the future.
across blackrock, many clients are focusing on the impact of sustainability factors on their portfolios. this shift has been driven by an increased understanding of how sustainability-related factors can affect economic growth, asset values, and financial markets as a whole. as a fiduciary, blackrock is committed to providing clients with choice and then executing in accordance with their chosen objectives. blackrock's longstanding model of choice helps clients build portfolios to match the preferences and goals unique to each of them - for some clients this includes investing in sustainable strategies.
blackrock believes its strategy aligns with expected future client demand for attractive yields in fixed income, outsourcing solutions, etfs, private markets and aladdin technology, which it expects will continue to shape growth opportunities going forward.
(in millions, except per share data)                                                             2022                     2021
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                   89                      419
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                  $89                     $419
assets under management (end of period)                                                                  $8,594,485              $10,010,143
book value per share(2)                                                                                     $252.04                  $248.50
(1)as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures. beginning in the first quarter of 2022, blackrock updated the definitions of operating income, as adjusted, operating margin, as adjusted, and net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, to include new adjustments. such measures have been recast for 2021 to reflect the inclusion of such new adjustments. for further information, refer to non-gaap financial measures or the current report on form 8-k furnished on april 13, 2022.
(2)total blackrock stockholders' equity, divided by total shares outstanding at december 31 of the respective year-end.
2022 compared with 2021
gaap. operating income of $6.4 billion decreased $1.1 billion and operating margin of 35.7% decreased 280 bps from 2021. decreases in operating income and operating margin reflected lower base fees, driven by the negative impact of market beta and foreign exchange movements, and lower performance fees, partially offset by lower expense, including lower compensation and benefits expense and the impact of $274 million of product launch costs incurred in 2021. operating income for 2022 also included a restructuring charge of $91 million from an initiative to modify the size and shape of the workforce to align more closely with strategic priorities.
nonoperating income (expense) less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ("nci") decreased $330 million from 2021, driven primarily by mark-to-market losses on the company's un-hedged seed capital and co-investment portfolios, partially offset by higher noncash gains related to our strategic minority investment in icapital network, inc. ("icapital") in 2022.
income tax expense for 2022 reflected $235 million of net discrete tax benefits primarily related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2022 and the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters, and $35 million of net noncash tax benefits related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities. income tax expense for 2021 included $126 million of noncash net expense related to the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of legislation enacted in the united kingdom ("uk") increasing its corporate tax rate and state and local income tax changes. income tax expense for 2021 also included a $43 million discrete tax benefit related to stock-based compensation awards.
as adjusted. operating income of $6.7 billion decreased $1.0 billion and operating margin of 42.8% decreased 400 bps from 2021. the pre-tax restructuring charge of $91 million described above has been excluded from as adjusted results for 2022. the impact of product launch costs described above has been excluded from as adjusted operating margin for 2022 and 2021.
diluted earnings per common share decreased $5.15, or 13%, from 2021, reflecting lower operating and nonoperating income, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate in 2022. income tax expense for 2022 and 2021 excluded the $35 million noncash net benefit and the $126 million noncash net expense, respectively, described above.
beginning in the first quarter of 2022, blackrock updated the definitions of operating income, as adjusted, operating margin, as adjusted, and net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, to include new adjustments. such measures have been recast for 2021 to reflect the inclusion of such new adjustments. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items and the reconciliation to accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap").
for further discussion of blackrock's revenue, expense, nonoperating results and income tax expense, see discussion of financial results herein.
non-gaap financial measures blackrock reports its financial results in accordance with gaap; however, management believes evaluating the company's ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-gaap financial measures. adjustments to gaap financial measures ("non-gaap adjustments") include certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow. management reviews non-gaap financial measures, in addition to gaap financial measures, to assess ongoing operations and considers them to be helpful, for both management and investors, in evaluating blackrock's financial performance over time. management also uses non-gaap financial measures as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies and to enhance comparability for the reporting periods presented. non-gaap measures may pose limitations because they do not include all of blackrock's revenue and expense. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. non-gaap measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.
beginning in the first quarter of 2022, the company updated its definition of operating income, as adjusted, operating margin, as adjusted, and net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, to include adjustments related to amortization of intangible assets, other acquisition-related costs, including compensation costs for nonrecurring retention-related deferred compensation, and contingent consideration fair value adjustments incurred in connection with certain acquisitions. such measures have been recast for the periods presented herein to reflect the inclusion of such new adjustments.
computations for all periods are derived from the consolidated statements of income as follows:
restructuring charge                                                   91                      -                      -                      -                     60
amortization of intangible assets                                     151                    147                    106                     97                     50
acquisition-related compensation costs                                 24                     88                     20                     65                     37
acquisition-related transaction costs                                   -                      -                      -                     18                     18
contingent consideration fair value adjustments                         3                     34                     23                     53                     65
charitable contribution                                                 -                      -                    589                      -                      -
product launch costs and commissions                                    6                    284                    172                     61                     13
operating income used for operating margin measurement             $6,717                 $8,031                 $6,605                 $5,845                 $5,714
investment advisory fees                                             (798   )               (679   )               (704   )               (616   )               (520   )
revenue used for operating margin measurement                     $15,694                $17,174                $14,370                $12,854                $12,523
management believes operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of blackrock's financial performance over time, and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors. management believes that operating margin, as adjusted, reflects the company's long-term ability to manage ongoing costs in relation to its revenues. the company uses operating margin, as adjusted, to assess the company's financial performance, to determine the long-term and annual compensation of the company's senior-level employees and to evaluate the company's relative performance against industry peers. furthermore, this metric eliminates margin variability arising from the accounting of revenues and expenses related to distributing different product structures in multiple distribution channels utilized by asset managers.
•operating income, as adjusted, includes non-gaap expense adjustments. beginning in the first quarter of 2022, the company updated its definition of operating income, as adjusted, to include adjustments related to amortization of intangible assets, other acquisition-related costs, including compensation costs for nonrecurring retention-related deferred compensation, and contingent consideration fair value adjustments incurred in connection with certain acquisitions. management believes excluding the impact of these expenses when calculating operating income, as adjusted, provides a helpful indication of the company's financial performance over time, thereby providing helpful information for both management and investors while also increasing comparability with other companies. in 2022, the company recorded a restructuring charge primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards in connection with an initiative to modify the size and shape of the workforce to align more closely with strategic priorities. in addition, the company recorded an expense related to the lease of office space for its new headquarters located at 50 hudson yards in new york ("lease cost - hudson yards") from august 2021, when it obtained access to the building to begin its tenant improvements. the company will begin cash lease payments related to the new headquarters in may 2023. as a result, the company is recognizing lease expense for both its current and new headquarters until its current headquarters lease expires in april 2023. management believes excluding the impact of the restructuring charge and lease cost - hudson yards when calculating operating income, as adjusted, is useful to assess the company's financial performance, ongoing operations, and enhances comparability among periods presented. for further information on non-gaap expense adjustments related to blackrock's (1) 2020 charitable contribution and (2) 2018 restructuring charge and pnc financial services group, inc. ("pnc") long-term incentive plans funding obligation refer to item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2018, respectively, which were filed with the sec on february 25, 2021, and february 28, 2019, respectively.
•operating income used for measuring operating margin, as adjusted, is equal to operating income, as adjusted, excluding the impact of product launch costs (e.g. closed-end fund launch costs) and related commissions. management believes the exclusion of such costs and related commissions is useful because these costs can fluctuate considerably and revenue associated with the expenditure of these costs will not fully impact blackrock's results until future periods.
•revenue used for calculating operating margin, as adjusted, is reduced to exclude all of the company's distribution fees, which are recorded as a separate line item on the consolidated statements of income, as well as a portion of investment advisory fees received that is used to pay distribution and servicing costs. for certain products, based on distinct arrangements, distribution fees are collected by the company and then passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. for other products, investment advisory fees are collected by the company and a portion is passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. however, in both structures, the third-party client intermediary similarly owns the relationship with the retail client and is responsible for distributing the product and servicing the client. the amount of distribution and investment advisory fees fluctuates each period primarily based on a predetermined percentage of the value of aum during the period. these fees also vary based on the type of investment product sold and the geographic location where it is sold. in addition, the company may waive fees on certain products that could result in the reduction of payments to the third-party intermediaries.
(in millions, except per share data)                      2022                2021            2020            2019            2018
restructuring charge                                                 69                   -               -               -              47
amortization of intangible assets                                   114                 112              82              75              39
acquisition-related compensation costs                               19                  67              16              50              29
acquisition-related transaction costs                                 -                   -               -              14              14
contingent consideration fair value adjustments                       3                  26              17              41              50
charitable contribution                                               -                   -             226               -               -
management believes net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of blackrock's profitability and financial performance. net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to blackrock, inc., gaap basis, adjusted for significant nonrecurring items, charges that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
for each period presented, the non-gaap adjustments were tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments. amounts for income tax matters represent net noncash (benefit) expense primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill as a result of tax rate changes. amounts have been excluded from the as adjusted results as these items will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented. the amounts for 2022 income tax matters included net noncash expense related to state and local income tax changes. the amounts for 2021 and 2020 income tax matters included net noncash expense related to the impact of legislation enacted in the uk increasing its corporate tax rate and state and local income tax changes. these amounts have been excluded from the as adjusted results as these items will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
see note (1) above regarding operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, for information on the updated presentation of non-gaap expense adjustments.
(3) annual contract value ("acv"): management believes acv is an effective metric for reviewing blackrock's technology services' ongoing contribution to its operating results and provides comparability of this information among reporting periods while also providing a useful supplemental metric for both management and investors of blackrock's growth in technology services revenue over time, as it is linked to the net new business in technology services. acv represents forward-looking, annualized estimated value of the recurring subscription fees under client contracts, assuming all client contracts that come up for renewal are renewed, unless we received a notice of termination, even though such notice may not be effective until a later date. acv also includes the annualized estimated value of new sales, for existing and new clients, when we execute client contracts, even though the recurring fees may not be effective until a later date and excludes nonrecurring fees such as implementation and consulting fees.
assets under management aum for reporting purposes generally is based upon how investment advisory and administration fees are calculated for each portfolio. net asset values, total assets, committed assets or other measures may be used to determine portfolio aum.
institutional:
institutional subtotal                4,170,206                         4,938,369                        192,438                          51,242
cash management                         671,194                           755,057                        (77,374      )                   94,043
aum and net inflows (outflows) by investment style and product type aum                                         net inflows (outflows)
cash management                         671,194                           755,057                        (77,374      )                   94,043
equity                               $4,435,354                        $5,342,360                       $105,103                        $101,681
currency and commodities(1)              67,805                            74,954                         (7,217      )                    1,571
cash management                         671,194                           755,057                        (77,374      )                   94,043
(1)amounts include commodity etfs.
the following table presents the component changes in blackrock's aum for 2022 and 2021.
cash management                           (77,374   )                  94,043
acquisition(1)                                  -                      41,324
market change                          (1,501,987   )                 864,079
total change                           (1,415,658   )               1,333,463
(1)amounts include aum attributable to the acquisition of aperio group, llc ("aperio transaction") in february 2021.
(2)foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
blackrock has historically grown aum through organic growth and acquisitions. management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow aum organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products and optimizing distribution capabilities.
component changes in aum for 2022
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2022.
december 31,   net                   market                   fx                              december 31,   full year inflows                                                                                       average
(in millions)            2021                     (outflows)            change                   impact(1)             2022                     aum(2)
equity                                 $471,937   $(103             )   $(90,767             )   $(10,455          )                 $370,612   $401,582
equity                                2,447,248           100,756                 (449,140   )           (17,122   )                2,081,742           2,163,108
institutional:
equity                                  199,980             9,882                  (34,912   )            (6,216   )                  168,734             175,567
equity                                2,223,195            (5,432   )             (341,087   )           (62,410   )                1,814,266           1,937,695
institutional subtotal                4,938,369           192,438                 (787,778   )          (172,823   )                4,170,206           4,355,854
cash management                         755,057           (77,374   )                1,071                (7,560   )                  671,194             719,284
(1)foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(2)average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2022.
december 31,   net                   market                   fx                              december 31,   full year inflows                                                                                       average
(in millions)                             2021   (outflows)            change                   impact(1)             2022                     aum(2)
equity                                $507,103   $(2,672           )   $(100,240            )   $(11,355          )                 $392,836   $426,141
equity                               2,447,248           100,756                 (449,140   )           (17,122   )                2,081,742           2,163,108
equity                               2,388,009             7,019                 (366,526   )           (67,726   )                1,960,776           2,088,703
cash management                        755,057           (77,374   )                1,071                (7,560   )                  671,194             719,284
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2022.
december 31,   net                   market                   fx                              december 31,   full year inflows                                                                                       average
(in millions)                               2021   (outflows)            change                   impact(1)             2022                     aum(2)
equity                                $5,342,360   $105,103              $(915,906            )   $(96,203          )               $4,435,354   $4,677,952
currency and commodities(3)               74,954            (7,217   )   723                                 (655   )                   67,805              75,490
cash management                          755,057           (77,374   )                1,071                (7,560   )                  671,194             719,284
(1)foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(2)average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(3)amounts include commodity etfs.
aum decreased $1.4 trillion to $8.6 trillion at december 31, 2022 from $10.0 trillion at december 31, 2021 driven by net market depreciation and the negative impact of foreign exchange movements, partially offset by positive net inflows, led by flows into bond etfs, significant outsourcing mandates and growth in private markets.
net market depreciation of $1.5 trillion was primarily driven by global equity and fixed income market depreciation.
aum decreased $220 billion due to the negative impact of foreign exchange movements, due to the strengthening of the us dollar, largely against the british pound, the japanese yen and the euro.
for further discussion on aum, see part i, item 1 - business - assets under management.
component changes in aum for 2021
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2021.
december 31,                net                                   market       fx                              december 31,   full year inflows                                                                                               average
(in millions)                          2020         (outflows)          acquisition(1)           change       impact(2)             2021                     aum(3)
equity                             $338,434            $42,060                 $41,324          $54,310       $(4,191           )                 $471,937   $428,218
equity                            1,905,101            222,855                       -          331,275               (11,983   )                2,447,248           2,199,698
institutional:
equity                              169,522              6,104                       -           26,852                (2,498   )                  199,980             182,054
equity                            2,006,749           (169,338   )                   -          413,914               (28,130   )                2,223,195           2,123,482
institutional subtotal            4,473,145             51,242                       -          495,495               (81,513   )                4,938,369           4,689,157
cash management                     666,252             94,043                       -           (1,137   )            (4,101   )                  755,057             711,160
(1)amounts include aum attributable to the aperio transaction.
(2)foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2021.
december 31,                net                                   market       fx                              december 31,   full year inflows                                                                                               average
(in millions)                             2020         (outflows)       acquisition(1)              change       impact(2)             2021                     aum(3)
equity                                $410,189            $48,773       $-                         $53,689       $(5,548           )                 $507,103   $466,291
equity                               1,905,101            222,855                 -                331,275               (11,983   )                2,447,248           2,199,698
equity                               2,104,516           (169,947   )             41,324           441,387               (29,271   )                2,388,009           2,267,463
cash management                        666,252             94,043                 -                 (1,137   )            (4,101   )                  755,057             711,160
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2021.
december 31,   net                   acquisition                 market       fx                              december 31,   full year inflows                                                                                                       average
(in millions)                               2020   (outflows)            acquisition(1)              change       impact(2)             2021                     aum(3)
equity                                $4,419,806   $101,681              $41,324                   $826,351       $(46,802          )               $5,342,360   $4,933,452
currency and commodities(5)               76,054             1,571                 -                 (2,288   )              (383   )                   74,954              75,065
cash management                          666,252            94,043                 -                 (1,137   )            (4,101   )                  755,057             711,160
(1)amounts include aum attributable to the aperio transaction.
(2)foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(5)amounts include commodity etfs.
aum increased $1.3 trillion to $10.0 trillion at december 31, 2021 from $8.7 trillion at december 31, 2020 driven primarily by net market appreciation, positive net flows across all investment styles and product types, and aum added from the aperio transaction, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange movements.
net market appreciation of $864 billion was driven primarily by higher global equity markets.
aum decreased $112 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily due to the strengthening of the us dollar, largely against the euro, the japanese yen and the british pound.
discussion of financial results introduction the company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees, which are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the company. fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of aum and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. such fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. net inflows or outflows represent the sum of new client assets, additional fundings from existing clients (including dividend reinvestment), withdrawals of assets from, and termination of, client accounts and distributions to investors representing return of capital and return on investments to investors. market appreciation or depreciation includes current income earned on, and changes in the fair value of, securities held in client accounts. foreign exchange translation reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
the company also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients, primarily to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral in the form of cash or securities, with minimum collateral generally ranging from approximately 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between the company and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed.
investment advisory agreements for certain separate accounts and investment funds provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on aum. investment advisory performance fees generally are earned after a given period of time and when investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold. as such, the timing of recognition of performance fees may increase the volatility of the company's revenue and earnings. the magnitude of performance fees can fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of carried interest recognition on illiquid alternative products and a greater number and size of liquid products with performance measurement periods that end in the third and fourth quarters.
the company offers investment management technology systems, risk management services, wealth management and digital distribution tools, all on a fee basis. clients include banks, insurance companies, official institutions, pension funds, asset managers, retail distributors and other investors. fees earned for technology services are primarily recorded as services are performed over time and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform, or on a fixed-rate basis. revenue derived from the sale of software licenses is recognized upon the granting of access rights.
the company earns distribution and service fees for distributing investment products and providing support services to investment portfolios. the fees are based on aum and are recognized when the amount of fees is known.
the company advises global financial institutions, regulators, and government entities across a range of risk, regulatory, capital markets and strategic services. fees earned for advisory services, which are included in advisory and other revenue, are determined using fixed-rate fees and are recognized over time as the related services are completed.
the company earns fees for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions recognized in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of its customers. commissions related to transition management services, which are included in advisory and other revenue, are recorded on a trade-date basis as transactions occur.
the company also earns revenue related to certain minority investments accounted for as equity method investments.
operating expense reflects employee compensation and benefits, distribution and servicing costs, direct fund expense, general and administration expense and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets.
•employee compensation and benefits expense includes salaries, commissions, temporary help, incentive compensation, employer payroll taxes, severance and related benefit costs.
•distribution and servicing costs, which are primarily aum driven, include payments to third parties, primarily associated with distribution and servicing of client investments in certain company products.
•direct fund expense primarily consists of third-party nonadvisory expenses incurred by the company related to certain funds for the use of index trademarks, reference data for indices, custodial services, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent services, shareholder reporting services, legal expense, and audit and tax services as well as other fund-related expenses directly attributable to the nonadvisory operations of the fund. these expenses may vary over time with fluctuations in aum, number of shareholder accounts, or other attributes directly related to volume of business.
•general and administration expense includes marketing and promotional (including travel and entertainment expense), occupancy and office-related, portfolio services (including clearing expense related to transition management services, and market data costs), sub-advisory, technology, professional services, communications, contingent consideration fair value adjustments, product launch costs, the net impact of foreign currency remeasurement, and other general and administration expense.
approximately 80% of the company's revenue is generated in us dollars. the company's revenue and expense generated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and british pound) are impacted by foreign exchange rates. any effect of foreign exchange rate change on revenue is partially offset by a change in expense driven by the company's considerable non-dollar expense base related to its operations outside the us.
nonoperating income (expense) includes the effect of changes in the valuations on investments and earnings on equity method investments as well as interest and dividend income and interest expense. the company primarily holds seed and co-investments in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including private equity, hedge funds and real assets. investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record or for regulatory purposes, including federal reserve bank stock. the company does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
in addition, nonoperating income (expense) includes the impact of changes in the valuations of consolidated sponsored investment products ("cips"). the portion of nonoperating income (expense) not attributable to the company is allocated to nci on the consolidated statements of income.
revenue the table below presents detail of revenue for 2022 and 2021 and includes the product type mix of base fees and securities lending revenue and performance fees.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue:
equity:
equity subtotal                                                                        7,203              8,000
currency and commodities(1)                                                              216                216
cash management                                                                          864                470
total investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue         14,451             15,260
investment advisory performance fees:
equity                                                                                    49                153
total performance fees                                                                   514              1,143
technology services revenue                                                            1,364              1,281
(1)amounts include commodity etfs.
the table below lists a percentage breakdown of base fees and securities lending revenue and mix of average aum by product type:
percentage of base fees and securities lending revenue                        percentage of average aum by product type(1)
equity:
equity subtotal                                49        %                         53        %                           53       %                      53       %
currency and commodities(2)                              %                          1        %                            1       %                       1       %
cash management                                 6        %                          3        %                            8       %                       8       %
(1)average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(2)amounts include commodity etfs.
revenue decreased $1.5 billion, or 8%, from 2021, largely driven by the negative impact of market beta and us dollar appreciation on average aum and lower performance fees.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $14.5 billion in 2022 decreased $809 million from $15.3 billion in 2021, primarily driven by the negative impact of market beta and foreign exchange movements on average aum, partially offset by organic base fee growth, the elimination of yield-related fee waivers on money market funds, and higher securities lending revenue. securities lending revenue of $599 million increased $44 million from $555 million in 2021, primarily reflecting higher spreads.
investment advisory performance fees of $514 million in 2022 decreased $629 million from $1.1 billion in 2021, reflecting lower revenue from liquid alternative and long-only products, partially offset by higher revenue from illiquid alternative products.
technology services revenue of $1.4 billion for 2022 increased $83 million from $1.3 billion in 2021, primarily reflecting higher revenue from aladdin, despite the negative impact of foreign exchange movements and market declines on aladdin's fixed income platform assets. approximately 25% of aladdin's 2022 revenue was denominated in non-us currencies.
expense the following table presents expense for 2022 and 2021.
employee compensation and benefits                         $5,681            $6,043
distribution and servicing costs:
12b-1 costs                                                   306               350
total distribution and servicing costs                      2,179             2,200
marketing and promotional                                     331               238
portfolio services                                            280               263
technology                                                    600               508
communications                                                 44                44
foreign exchange remeasurement                                 10                 4
contingent consideration fair value adjustments                 3                34
product launch costs                                            6               274
restructuring charge                                           91                 -
amortization of intangible assets                             151               147
expense decreased $436 million, or 4%, from 2021, reflecting lower employee compensation and benefits expense, direct fund expense, and general and administration expense, including the impact of product launch costs incurred in 2021, partially offset by the impact of a $91 million restructuring charge recorded in 2022.
employee compensation and benefits expense decreased $362 million from 2021, reflecting lower incentive compensation due to lower operating income, performance fees and deferred compensation driven in part by the lower mark-to-market impact of certain deferred cash compensation programs, partially offset by higher base compensation.
general and administration expense decreased $61 million from 2021, primarily driven by $274 million of product launch costs incurred in 2021, lower contingent consideration fair value adjustments in 2022 and lower sub-advisory expense, partially offset by higher marketing and promotional expense, including the impact from higher travel and entertainment expense, and higher technology expense. general and administration expense also reflected higher occupancy and office related expense, including higher noncash occupancy expense related to the lease of office space the company recorded for its new headquarters located at 50 hudson yards in new york ("lease cost - hudson yards"). the company will begin lease payments related to the new headquarters in may 2023. as a result, the company is recognizing lease expense for both its current and new headquarters until its current lease expires in april 2023. lease cost - hudson yards has been excluded from our "as adjusted" financial results. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items.
restructuring charge of $91 million, primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards, was recorded in 2022 in connection with an initiative to modify the size and shape of the workforce to align more closely with strategic priorities. the restructuring charge has been excluded from our "as adjusted" financial results. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items.
nonoperating results the summary of nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2022 and 2021 was as follows:
net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)
private equity                                        $88                $278
real assets                                            28                  20
other investments(4)                                 (201   )              22
other gains (losses)(5)                               229                 170
total net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)            149                 537
(2)management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, is an effective measure for reviewing blackrock's nonoperating results, which ultimately impacts blackrock's book value. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on other non-gaap financial measures.
(3)amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to credit funds, direct hedge fund strategies and hedge fund solutions.
(4)amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to unhedged equity, fixed income and multi-asset seed investments.
(5)the amounts for the year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily include nonoperating noncash pre-tax gains in connection with the company's strategic minority investment in icapital of approximately $267 million and $119 million, respectively. the amounts for the year ended december 31, 2021 also include nonoperating noncash pre-tax gains in connection with the company's strategic minority investment in scalable capital limited of approximately $46 million. additional amounts include noncash pre-tax gains (losses) related to the revaluation of certain other minority investments.
income before income taxes(2)                      $6,474              $7,869              $6,800              $8,166
(1)as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures. beginning in the first quarter of 2022, blackrock updated the definitions of operating income, as adjusted, operating margin, as adjusted, and net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, to include new adjustments. such measures have been recast for 2021 to reflect the inclusion of such new adjustments. for further information, refer to non-gaap financial measures.
the company's tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amount of income earned in those jurisdictions, which the company expects to be fairly consistent in the near term. the significant foreign jurisdictions that have different statutory tax rates than the us federal statutory rate of 21% include the uk, canada, switzerland and germany.
•a discrete tax benefit of $148 million, primarily related to the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters;
•a discrete tax benefit of $87 million, related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2022; and
•a discrete tax benefit of $35 million associated with the net noncash tax benefit related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 20.7% for 2022 excluded the $35 million net noncash benefit mentioned above as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
on august 16, 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") was enacted into law, which introduced new provisions including a corporate book minimum tax and an excise tax on net stock repurchases which became effective on january 1, 2023. blackrock does not expect the ira to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
•a $126 million net noncash expense associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets and liabilities related to legislation enacted in the uk increasing its corporate tax rate and state and local income tax changes; and
•a discrete tax benefit of $43 million, related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2021.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 23.4% for 2021 excluded the $126 million net noncash expense mentioned above as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
statement of financial condition overview the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements and cips.
the company presents the as adjusted balance sheet as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or nci that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders' equity or cash flows. management views the as adjusted statement of financial condition, which contains non-gaap financial measures, as an economic presentation of the company's total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
separate account assets and liabilities and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements separate account assets are maintained by blackrock life limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company that is a registered life insurance company in the uk, and represent segregated assets held for purposes of funding individual and group pension contracts. the company records equal and offsetting separate account liabilities. the separate account assets are not available to creditors of the company and the holders of the pension contracts have no recourse to the company's assets. the net investment income attributable to separate account assets accrues directly to the contract owners and is not reported on the consolidated statements of income. while blackrock has no economic interest in these assets or liabilities, blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of its clients.
in addition, the company records on its consolidated statements of financial condition the separate account collateral obtained under blackrock life limited securities lending arrangements for which it has legal title as its own asset in addition to an equal and offsetting separate account collateral liability for the obligation to return the collateral. the collateral is not available to creditors of the company, and the borrowers under the securities lending arrangements have no recourse to the company's assets.
consolidated sponsored investment products the company consolidates certain sponsored investment products accounted for as variable interest entities ("vies") and voting rights entities ("vres"), (collectively, "cips"). see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on the company's consolidation policy.
the company cannot readily access cash and cash equivalents or other assets held by cips to use in its operating activities. in addition, the company cannot readily sell investments held by cips in order to obtain cash for use in the company's operations.
(in millions)                                                            gaap           separate                      cips(2)                      as basis           account                                              adjusted assets/
assets cash and cash equivalents                                              $7,416           $-                               $265                  $7,151
investments                                                             7,466                    -                      1,047                   6,419
separate account assets and collateral held under securities           59,831                    59,831                     -                       -
lending agreements operating lease right-of-use assets                                     1,516                    -                          -                   1,516
other assets(3)                                                         4,492                    -                         97                   4,395
goodwill and intangible assets, net                                    33,643                    -                          -                  33,643
total assets                                                         $117,628           $59,831                        $1,409                 $56,388
liabilities accrued compensation and benefits                                      $2,272           $-                                 $-                  $2,272
accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                1,294                    -                          -                   1,294
separate account liabilities and collateral liabilities under          59,831                    59,831                     -                       -
securities lending agreements deferred income tax liabilities(4)                                      3,381                    -                          -                   3,381
operating lease liabilities                                             1,835                    -                          -                   1,835
other liabilities                                                       3,576                    -                        427                   3,149
total liabilities                                                      78,843                    59,831                   427                  18,585
equity total blackrock, inc. stockholders' equity                             37,744                    -                          -                  37,744
noncontrolling interests                                                1,041                    -                        982                      59
total equity                                                           38,785                    -                        982                  37,803
total liabilities and equity                                         $117,628           $59,831                        $1,409                 $56,388
(1)amounts represent segregated client assets and related liabilities, in which blackrock has no economic interest. blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of its clients.
(3)amount includes property and equipment and other assets.
(4)amount includes approximately $4.3 billion of deferred income tax liabilities related to goodwill and intangibles. see note 25, income taxes, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in assets and liabilities on a gaap basis. please see the consolidated statements of financial condition as of december 31, 2022 and 2021 contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing. the discussion does not include changes related to assets and liabilities that are equal and offsetting and have no impact on blackrock's stockholders' equity.
assets. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2022 and 2021 included $265 million and $308 million, respectively, of cash held by cips (see liquidity and capital resources for details on the change in cash and cash equivalents during 2022). accounts receivable at december 31, 2022 decreased $525 million from december 31, 2021, primarily due to lower base and performance fee receivables. investments, including the impact of cips increased $204 million from december 31, 2021 (for more information see investments herein). goodwill and intangible assets decreased $161 million from december 31, 2021, primarily due to amortization of intangible assets. other assets increased $950 million from december 31, 2021, primarily related to an increase in certain corporate minority investments and property and equipment, partially offset by lower unit trust receivables (substantially offset by a decrease in unit trust payables recorded within other liabilities).
liabilities. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2022 decreased $679 million from december 31, 2021, primarily due to lower 2022 incentive compensation accruals. accounts payable and accrued liabilities at december 31, 2022 decreased $103 million from december 31, 2021. borrowings at december 31, 2022 decreased $792 million from december 31, 2021, primarily due to repayments of $750 million. other liabilities at december 31, 2022 decreased $448 million from december 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in uncertain tax positions and lower unit trust payables (substantially offset by a decrease in unit trust receivables recorded within other assets). net deferred income tax liabilities at december 31, 2022 increased $623 million from december 31, 2021, primarily due to the effect of temporary differences associated with capitalized costs.
investments the company's investments were $7.5 billion and $7.3 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. investments include cips accounted for as vies and vres. management reviews blackrock's investments on an "economic" basis, which eliminates the portion of investments that does not impact blackrock's book value or net income attributable to blackrock. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company presents investments, as adjusted, to enable investors to understand the portion of investments that is owned by the company, net of nci, as a gauge to measure the impact of changes in net nonoperating income (expense) on investments to net income (loss) attributable to blackrock.
the company further presents net "economic" investment exposure, net of hedged exposures, to reflect another helpful measure for investors. the impact of certain investments is mitigated by derivatives including total return swaps and futures. carried interest capital allocations are excluded as there is no impact to blackrock's stockholders' equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. finally, the company's regulatory investment in federal reserve bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the company's net economic investment exposure.
investments, gaap                                  $7,466                $7,262
investments held by cips                           (4,669   )            (4,623   )
investments, as adjusted                            6,419                 6,030
total "economic" investment exposure(2)            $3,317                $3,659
(1)amounts included $1.5 billion of carried interest (vies) as of both december 31, 2022 and 2021, which has no impact on the company's "economic" investment exposure.
(2)amounts exclude investments in strategic minority investments included in other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
the following table represents the carrying value of the company's economic investment exposure, by asset type, at december 31, 2022 and 2021:
equity/fixed income/multi-asset(1)              $2,423                $2,773
private equity                                   1,207                   960
real assets                                        368                   279
total "economic" investment exposure            $3,317                $3,659
(1)amounts include seed investments in equity, fixed income, and multi-asset mutual funds/strategies.
(2)other alternatives primarily include co-investments in direct hedge fund strategies, hedge fund solutions, and alternative solutions.
as adjusted investment activity for 2022 and 2021 was as follows:
investments, as adjusted, beginning balance                                          $6,030                 $4,433
purchases/capital contributions                                                       1,532                  1,885
sales/maturities                                                                       (695   )             (1,397   )
market appreciation(depreciation)/earnings from equity method investments              (224   )                461
carried interest capital allocations/(distributions)                                     (5   )                928
investments, as adjusted, ending balance                                             $6,419                 $6,030
(1)amount includes distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.
(2)amount includes the impact of foreign exchange movements.
liquidity and capital resources blackrock cash flows excluding the impact of cips the consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of the cips. the company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of cips, as a supplemental non-gaap measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. the company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the cips, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of blackrock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                    4,944               (1,224   )            6,168
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                   (1,937   )             (104   )           (1,833   )
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                   (2,287   )            1,430               (3,717   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash            (61   )                -                  (61   )
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                    4,956                 (712   )            5,668
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                   (1,130   )               77               (1,207   )
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                   (5,442   )              592               (6,034   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash           (291   )                -                 (291   )
sources of blackrock's operating cash primarily include base fees and securities lending revenue, performance fees, technology services revenue, advisory and other revenue and distribution fees. blackrock uses its cash to pay all operating expenses, interest and principal on borrowings, income taxes, dividends on blackrock's capital stock, repurchases of the company's stock, acquisitions, capital expenditures and purchases of co-investments and seed investments.
for details of the company's gaap cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities, excluding the impact of cips, primarily include the receipt of base fees, securities lending revenue, performance fees and technology services revenue, offset by the payment of operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business, including year-end incentive and deferred compensation accrued during prior years, and income tax payments.
cash flows used in investing activities, excluding the impact of cips, for 2022 were $1.2 billion and primarily reflected $744 million of net investment purchases and $533 million of purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by $70 million of distributions of capital from equity method investees.
cash flows used in financing activities, excluding the impact of cips, for 2022 were $6.0 billion, primarily resulting from $3.0 billion of cash dividend payments, $2.3 billion of share repurchases, including $1.9 billion in open market transactions and $0.4 billion of employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions, and $0.8 billion of repayments of borrowings.
the company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business. management believes that the company's liquid assets, continuing cash flows from operations, borrowing capacity under the company's existing revolving credit facility and uncommitted commercial paper private placement program, provide sufficient resources to meet the company's short-term and long-term cash needs, including operating, debt and other obligations as they come due and anticipated future capital requirements. liquidity resources at december 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
credit facility - undrawn                             4,700                 4,400
total liquidity resources                           $11,851               $13,415
(1)the company cannot readily access such cash and cash equivalents to use in its operating activities.
(2)the percentage of cash and cash equivalents held by the company's us subsidiaries was approximately 50% at both december 31, 2022 and 2021. see net capital requirements herein for more information on net capital requirements in certain regulated subsidiaries.
total liquidity resources decreased $1.6 billion during 2022, primarily reflecting cash dividend payments of $3.0 billion, share repurchases of $2.3 billion and $0.8 billion of repayments of borrowings, partially offset by cash flows from other operating activities and a $0.3 billion increase in the aggregate commitment amount under the credit facility.
a significant portion of the company's $6.4 billion of investments, as adjusted, is illiquid in nature and, as such, cannot be readily convertible to cash.
share repurchases. during 2022, the company repurchased 2.7 million common shares under the company's existing share repurchase program for approximately $1.9 billion. at december 31, 2022, there were approximately 0.9 million shares still authorized to be repurchased under the program.
in january 2023, the company announced that the board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional seven million shares under the company's existing share repurchase program for a total of up to approximately 7.9 million shares of blackrock common stock.
net capital requirements. the company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. as a result, such subsidiaries of the company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
blackrock institutional trust company, n.a. ("btc") is chartered as a national bank that does not accept deposits or make commercial loans and whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities. btc provides investment management and other fiduciary services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional clients. btc is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the us office of the comptroller of the currency.
at december 31, 2022 and 2021, the company was required to maintain approximately $2.2 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including btc, entities regulated by the financial conduct authority and prudential regulation authority in the uk, and the company's broker-dealers. the company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. as a result of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act and the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign earnings, us income taxes were provided on the company's undistributed foreign earnings. the financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its foreign subsidiaries remains indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. the company will continue to evaluate its capital management plans.
2022 revolving credit facility. the company maintains an unsecured revolving credit facility which is available for working capital and general corporate purposes (the "2022 credit facility"). in march 2022, the 2022 credit facility was amended to, among other things, (1) increase the aggregate commitment amount by $300 million to $4.7 billion, (2) extend the maturity date to march 2027, (3) change the rate for borrowings denominated in us dollars from a rate based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor") to a rate based on the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") subject to certain adjustments and (4) modify certain specified targets for the sustainability-linked pricing mechanics. the 2022 credit facility permits the company to request up to an additional $1.0 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, which could increase the overall size of the 2022 credit facility to an aggregate principal amount of up to $5.7 billion. the 2022 credit facility requires the company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at december 31, 2022. at december 31, 2022, the company had no amount outstanding under the 2022 credit facility.
commercial paper program. the company can issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "cp notes") on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $4 billion. the commercial paper program is currently supported by the 2022 credit facility. at december 31, 2022, blackrock had no cp notes outstanding.
long-term borrowings the carrying value of long-term borrowings at december 31, 2022 included the following:
(in millions)     maturity amount      carrying value   maturity
(1)the carrying value of the 1.25% notes is calculated using the eur/usd foreign exchange rate as of december 31, 2022.
in june 2022, the company fully repaid $750 million of 3.375% notes at maturity.
for more information on company's borrowings, see note 15, borrowings, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the company's material contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies at december 31, 2022 include borrowings, operating leases, investment commitments, compensation and benefits obligations, and purchase obligations.
borrowings. at december 31, 2022, the company had outstanding borrowings with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $6.7 billion, all of which is payable beyond the next 12 months. future interest payments associated with these borrowings total $974 million, of which $168 million is payable within 12 months. see note 15, borrowings, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
operating leases. the company leases its primary office locations under agreements that expire on varying dates through 2043. at december 31, 2022, the company had operating lease payment obligations of approximately $2.3 billion, of which $142 million is payable within 12 months. see note 13, leases, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
investment commitments. at december 31, 2022, the company had $884 million of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment products, including cips. these products include various illiquid alternative products, including private equity funds and real assets funds, and opportunistic funds. this amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. these unfunded commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. these commitments do not include potential future commitments approved by the company that are not yet legally binding. the company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
compensation and benefit obligations. the company has various compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2022 totaled $2.3 billion and included annual incentive compensation of $1.4 billion, deferred compensation of $0.5 billion and other compensation and benefits related obligations of $0.4 billion. substantially all of the incentive compensation liability was paid in the first quarter of 2023, while the deferred compensation obligations are payable over various periods, with the majority payable over periods of up to three years.
purchase obligations. in the ordinary course of business, blackrock enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of blackrock. purchase obligations represent executory contracts, which are either noncancelable or cancelable with a penalty. at december 31, 2022, the company's obligations primarily reflected standard service contracts for market data, technology, office-related services, marketing and promotional services, and obligations for equipment. purchase obligations are recorded on the consolidated financial statements when services are provided and, as such, obligations for services and equipment not received are not included in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2022. at december 31, 2022, the company had purchase obligations of $650 million, of which approximately $190 million is payable within 12 months.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. these estimates, judgments and assumptions are affected by the company's application of accounting policies. management considers the following accounting policies and estimates critical to understanding the consolidated financial statements. these policies and estimates are considered critical because they had a material impact, or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and because they require management to make significant judgments, assumptions or estimates. for a summary of these and additional accounting policies see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
consolidation the company consolidates entities in which the company has a controlling financial interest. the company has a controlling financial interest when it owns a majority of the vre or is a primary beneficiary ("pb") of a vie. assessing whether an entity is a vie or a vre involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. factors considered in this assessment include the entity's legal organization, the entity's capital structure, the rights of equity investment holders, the company's contractual involvement with and economic interest in the entity and any related party or de facto agent implications of the company's involvement with the entity. entities that are determined to be vres are consolidated if the company can exert control over the financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is greater than 50% voting interest. entities that are determined to be vies are consolidated if the company is the pb of the entity. blackrock is deemed to be the pb of a vie if it (1) has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to the vie. there is judgment involved in assessing whether the company is the pb of a vie. in addition, the company's ownership interest in vies is subject to variability and is impacted by actions of other investors such as on-going redemptions and contributions. the company generally consolidates vies in which it holds an economic interest of 10% or greater and deconsolidates such vies once its economic interest falls below 10%. as of december 31, 2022, the company was deemed to be the pb of 90 vies. see note 6, consolidated sponsored investment products, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
fair value measurements the company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. see note 2, significant accounting policies, and note 8, fair value disclosures, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on fair value measurements.
changes in valuation. changes in value on $5.3 billion of investments will impact the company's nonoperating income (expense), $635 million are held at cost or amortized cost and the remaining $1.6 billion relates to carried interest, which will not impact nonoperating income (expense). at december 31, 2022, changes in fair value of $3.2 billion of cips will impact blackrock's net income (loss) attributable to nci on the consolidated statements of income. blackrock's net exposure to changes in fair value of cips was $2.1 billion.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill. goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. the company assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering such factors as the book value and the market capitalization of the company. the impairment assessment performed as of july 31, 2022 indicated no impairment charge was required. the company continues to monitor its book value per share compared with closing prices of its common stock for potential indicators of impairment. at december 31, 2022, the company's common stock closed at $708.63, which exceeded its book value of $252.04 per share.
indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangibles. indefinite-lived intangible assets represent the value of advisory contracts acquired in business acquisitions to manage aum in proprietary open-end investment funds, collective trust funds and certain other commingled products without a specified termination date. the assignment of indefinite lives to such contracts primarily is based upon the following: (1) the assumption that there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period to manage these products; (2) the company expects to, and has the ability to, continue to operate these products indefinitely; (3) the products have multiple investors and are not reliant on a single investor or small group of investors for their continued operation; (4) current competitive factors and economic conditions do not indicate a finite life; and (5) there is a high likelihood of continued renewal based on historical experience. in addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangibles if they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized.
finite-lived intangible assets represent finite-lived investor/customer relationships, technology related assets, and management contracts, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds, that are expected to contribute to the future cash flows of the company for a specified period of time. finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their remaining expected useful lives, which, at december 31, 2022 ranged from approximately 1 to 8 years with a weighted-average remaining estimated useful life of approximately 6 years.
the company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired at least annually, as of july 31st, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the intangible asset might be impaired.
in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than its carrying value, blackrock performed certain quantitative assessments and assessed various significant quantitative factors including aum, revenue basis points, projected aum growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. in addition, the company considered other qualitative factors including: (1) macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (2) industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which the company operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, a change in the market for an entity's services, or regulatory, legal or political developments; and (3) company-specific events, such as a change in management or key personnel, overall financial performance and litigation that could affect significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. if an indefinite-lived intangible is determined to be more likely than not impaired, then the fair value of the asset, which is generally determined using an income approach, is compared with its carrying value and any excess of the carrying value over the fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
for finite-lived intangible assets, if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the company will perform a recoverability test, using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. factors included in evaluating finite-lived customer relationships, technology related assets and trade names include technology services revenue trends, customer attrition rates, obsolescence rates, and royalty rates. for finite-lived management contracts, evaluation is based on changes in assumptions including aum, revenue basis points, projected aum growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. actual results could differ from these cash flow estimates, which could materially impact the impairment conclusion. if the carrying value of the asset is determined not to be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flow test, the difference between the book value of the asset and its current estimated fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
in addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which finite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company's cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company's amortization expense, which was $151 million, $147 million and $106 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
in 2022, 2021 and 2020, the company performed impairment tests, including evaluating various qualitative factors and performing certain quantitative assessments. the company determined that no impairment charges were required and that the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes were required to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles. the company continuously monitors various factors, including aum, for potential indicators of impairment.
revenue recognition the company recognizes revenues when its obligations related to the services are satisfied and it is probable that a significant reversal of the revenue amount would not occur in future periods. the company enters into contracts that can include multiple services, which are accounted for separately if they are determined to be distinct. management judgment is required in assessing the probability of significant revenue reversal and in identification of distinct services.
the company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees which are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the company. fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of aum and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. such fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. aum represents the broad range of financial assets the company manages for clients on a discretionary basis pursuant to investment management and trust agreements that are expected to continue for at least 12 months. in general, reported aum reflects the valuation methodology that corresponds to the basis used for determining revenue (for example, net asset values).
the company receives investment advisory performance fees, including incentive allocations (carried interest) from certain actively managed investment funds and certain separately managed accounts. these performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds, which vary by product or account, and include monthly, quarterly, annual or longer measurement periods.
performance fees, including carried interest, are recognized when it is determined that they are no longer probable of significant reversal (such as upon the sale of a fund's investment or when the investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold at the end of a specified measurement period). given the unique nature of each fee arrangement, contracts with customers are evaluated on an individual basis to determine the timing of revenue recognition. significant judgment is involved in making such determination. performance fees typically arise from investment management services that began in prior reporting periods. consequently, a portion of the fees the company recognizes may be partially related to the services performed in prior periods that meet the recognition criteria in the current period. at each reporting date, the company considers various factors in estimating performance fees to be recognized, including carried interest. these factors include but are not limited to whether: (1) the amounts are dependent on the financial markets and, thus, are highly susceptible to factors outside the company's influence; (2) the ultimate payments have a large number and a broad range of possible amounts; and (3) the funds or separately managed accounts have the ability to (a) invest or reinvest their sales proceeds or (b) distribute their sales proceeds, and determine the timing of such distributions.
the company is allocated/distributed carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. the company may be required to reverse/return all, or part, of such carried interest allocations/distributions depending upon future performance of these products. carried interest subject to such clawback provisions is recorded in investments or cash and cash equivalents to the extent that it is distributed, on its consolidated statements of financial condition.
the company records a liability for deferred carried interest to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. at december 31, 2022 and 2021, the company had $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. a portion of the deferred carried interest may also be paid to certain employees. the ultimate timing of the recognition of performance fee revenue and related compensation expense, if any, is unknown. see note 17, revenue, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for detailed changes in the deferred carried interest liability balance for 2022 and 2021.
the company earns revenue for providing technology services. determining the amount of revenue to recognize requires judgment and estimates. complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether promised goods and services specified in an arrangement, are distinct performance obligations, and should be accounted for separately. other judgments include determining whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time. fees earned for technology services are primarily recorded as services are performed over time and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis. revenue derived from the sale of software licenses is recognized upon the granting of access rights.
adjustments to revenue arising from initial estimates recorded historically have been immaterial since the majority of blackrock's investment advisory and administration revenue is calculated based on aum, recognized when known, and given the company does not record performance fee revenue until: (1) performance thresholds have been exceeded and (2) management determines the fees are no longer probable of significant reversal. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on revenue recognition, including other revenue streams.
income taxes the company records income taxes based upon its estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company's actual tax liability or benefit may differ from the estimated income tax liability or benefit.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
significant management judgment is required in estimating the ranges of possible outcomes and determining the probability of favorable or unfavorable tax outcomes and potential interest and penalties related to such unfavorable outcomes. actual future tax consequences relating to uncertain tax positions may be materially different than the company's current estimates. at december 31, 2022, blackrock had $912 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $497 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred income tax assets and assess deferred income tax liabilities based on enacted tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred income tax assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2022, the company had deferred income tax assets of $237 million and deferred income tax liabilities of $3.4 billion on the consolidated statement of financial condition. changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances, including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory tax law changes, changes in the anticipated timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the structure or tax status of the company.
the company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. the assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.