item 1a.   risk factors
risks related to our business difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition.
our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. such conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of our funds' investments and making it more difficult for our funds to exist and realize value from existing investment. this could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. in addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability, including cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. a failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance.
turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices. this can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations, particularly with respect to our public holdings and credit investments. while inflation in the u.s. has recently shown signs of moderating, record inflation experienced in the u.s. throughout 2022 and steps taken by the federal reserve to dramatically increase interest rates in response have contributed to volatility in the debt and equity markets. heightened competition for workers and rising energy and commodity prices have contributed to increasing wages and other inputs. higher inflation and rising input costs put pressure on our funds' portfolio companies' profit margins, particularly where pricing power is lacking. similarly, the valuations of our funds' real estate assets have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by inflation, higher interest rates and a rising cost of capital. in a continued inflationary and high interest rate environment, the performance of our funds' real estate assets could be adversely affected notwithstanding a sustained level of cash flow growth. such an adverse macroeconomic environment could be even more challenging for traditional office properties and those with long-term leases that do not provide for short term rent increases to offset higher interest rates and a rising cost of capital. in china, the government has in recent years implemented a number of measures to control the rate of economic growth in the country, including by raising interest rates and adjusting deposit reserve ratios for commercial banks, and through other measures designed to tighten credit and liquidity. the china growth rate has been slowing, and further slowing could have a systemic impact on the global economy and on equity and debt markets. as publicly traded equity securities have in recent years represented an increasingly significant proportion of the assets of many of our funds, stock market volatility, including a sharp decline in the stock market may adversely affect our results, including our revenues and net income. in addition,
our public equity holdings have at times been concentrated in a few large positions, thereby making our unrealized mark-to-market valuations particularly sensitive to sharp changes in the price of any of these positions. further, although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, should we continued to experience a period of challenging equity markets, our funds may experience continued difficulty in realizing value from investments.
geopolitical concerns and other global events, including, without limitation, trade conflict, civil unrest, national and international political circumstances (including outbreak of war, terrorist acts or security operations) and pandemics or other severe public health events, have contributed and may continue to contribute to volatility in global equity and debt markets. for example, the ongoing war between russia and ukraine and the global response thereto, including the imposition of widespread economic and other sanctions, has significantly impacted the global economy and financial markets.
in addition to the factors described above, other market, economic and geopolitical factors described herein that may adversely affect our business include, without limitation:
•   higher prices for commodities or other goods,
•   changes in interest rates and/or a lack of availability of credit in the u.s. and internationally, and
•   changes in law and/or regulation, and uncertainty regarding government and regulatory policy, including in connection with the current administration.
a period of economic slowdown, which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, contributes to operating performance challenges for certain of our funds' investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows.
in recent years, we have experienced periods of economic slowdown and in some instances, contraction, as countries and industries around the globe grappled with the short and long-term economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. higher interest rates or elevated interest rates for a sustained period could also result in an economic slowdown. economic contraction or further deceleration in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies may contribute to poor financial results at our funds' portfolio companies, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. for example, periods of economic weakness have contributed and may in the future contribute to a decline in commodity prices and decreased consumer demand for certain goods and services (including energy), and/or volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, each of which would have an adverse effect on our energy and consumer investments.
in addition, historically high rates of inflation, including in the u.s., have contributed to heightened costs of labor, energy and materials, which have put profit margin pressure on and negatively impacted the performance of certain of our funds' portfolio companies. the performance of such companies would likely be further negatively impacted in a continuing inflationary environment, particularly against a backdrop of economic slowdown or contraction. for example, high rates of inflation and significant interest rate increases contributed to significant market volatility in 2022, which disproportionately negatively impacted the value of future cash flows of technology and growth companies. these companies may be subject to continued depressed, or even further declines in, values in a challenging market environment. to the extent the performance of our funds' investments in such companies, as well as valuation multiples, do not ultimately improve, our funds may sell those assets at values that are less than we projected or even at a loss, thereby significantly affecting those investment funds' performance. in addition, as the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited requirements regarding diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region), during periods of economic slowdown in certain sectors or regions, the impact on our funds may be exacerbated by concentration of investments in such sectors or regions. as a result, our ability to raise new funds, as well as our operating results and cash flows, could be adversely affected.
in addition, during periods of weakness, our funds' portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us. furthermore, negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact to the fund's performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow, as well as to our reputation. in addition, negative market conditions would also increase the risk of default with respect to investments held by our funds that have significant debt investments, such as our credit-focused funds.
high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions could negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access the capital markets on attractive terms, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.
in 2022, in light of increasing inflation, the u.s. federal reserve increased interest rates seven times. the u.s. federal reserve has also indicated that it expects continued increases in interest rates in 2023. rising interest rates create downward pressure on the price of real estate and the value of fixed-rate debt investments made by our funds. further, our funds have faced, and could continue to face, difficulty in realizing value from investments due to sustained declines in equity market values as a result of concerns regarding interest rates.
an increase in interest rates has and could continue to increase the cost of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue. further, a significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for example, higher equity requirements and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, could have a material adverse impact on our business. for example, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance certain fund investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. further, the financing of acquisitions or the operations of our funds' portfolio companies with debt may become less attractive due to limitations on the deductibility of corporate interest expense. see "- changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability."
if our funds are unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential acquisitions, can only obtain debt financing at an increased interest rate or on unfavorable terms or the ability to deduct corporate interest expense is substantially limited, our funds may face increased competition from strategic buyers of assets who may have an overall lower cost of capital or the ability to benefit from a higher amount of cost savings following an acquisition, or may have difficulty completing otherwise profitable acquisitions or may generate profits that are lower than would otherwise be the case, each of which could lead to a decrease in our funds' performance and therefore our revenues. in addition, rising interest rates, coupled with periods of significant equity and credit market volatility may potentially make it more difficult for us to find attractive opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from their existing investments.
our funds' portfolio companies also regularly utilize the corporate debt markets to obtain financing for their operations. to the extent monetary policy, tax or other regulatory changes or difficult credit markets render such financing difficult to obtain, more expensive or otherwise less attractive, this may also negatively impact the financial results of those portfolio companies and, therefore, the investment returns on our funds. in addition, to
the extent that market conditions and/or tax or other regulatory changes make it difficult or impossible to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, some of our funds' portfolio companies may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and may be forced to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection.
another pandemic or global health crisis like the covid-19 pandemic may adversely impact our performance and results of operations.
from 2020 to 2022, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, many countries took measures to limit the spread of the virus, including instituting quarantines or lockdowns, imposing travel restrictions and vaccination mandates for certain workers or activities and limiting operations of certain non-essential businesses. such restrictions caused labor shortages and disrupted global supply chains, which contributed to prolonged disruption of the global economy. a widespread reoccurrence of covid-19, or the occurrence of another pandemic or global health crisis, could increase the possibility of periods of increased restrictions on business operations, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects materially and exacerbate many of the other risks discussed in this "risk factors" section.
in the event of another pandemic or global health crisis like the covid-19 pandemic, our funds' portfolio companies may experience decreased revenues and earnings, which may adversely impact our ability to realize value from such investments and in turn reduce our performance revenues. investments in certain sectors, including hospitality, location-based entertain, retail, travel, leisure and events, and in certain geographies, office and residential, could be particularly negatively impacted, as was the case during the covid-19 pandemic. our funds' portfolio companies may also face increased credit and liquidity risk due to volatility in financial markets, reduced revenue streams and limited access or higher cost of financing, which may result in potential impairment of our or our funds' investments. in addition, borrowers of loans, notes and other credit instruments in our credit funds' portfolios may be unable to meet their principal or interest payment obligations or satisfy financial covenants, and tenants leasing real estate properties owned by our funds may not be able to pay rents in a timely manner or at all, resulting in a decrease in value of our funds' credit and real estate investments. in the event of significant credit market contraction as a result of a pandemic or similar global health crisis, certain of our funds may be limited in their ability to sell assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner in order to avoid losses and margin calls from credit providers. in our liquid and semi-liquid vehicles, such a contraction could cause investors to seek liquidity in the form of redemptions from our funds, adversely impacting management fees. our management fees may also be negatively impacted if we experience a decline in the pace of capital deployment or fundraising.
in addition, a pandemic or global health crisis may pose enhanced operational risks. for example, our employees may become sick or otherwise unable to perform their duties for an extended period, and extended public health restrictions and remote working arrangements may impact employee morale, integration of new employees and preservation of our culture. remote working environments may also be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks. moreover, our third party service providers could be impacted by an inability to perform due to pandemic-related restrictions or by failures of, or attacks on, their technology platforms.
a decline in the pace or size of investments made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues.
the revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. in particular, in recent years we have meaningfully increased the number of perpetual capital vehicles we offer and the assets under management in such vehicles, particularly in our real estate and credit & insurance segments. the fees we earn from our perpetual capital vehicles, including our core+ real estate strategy, represent a significant and growing portion of our overall revenues. if our funds, including our perpetual capital vehicles, are unable to deploy capital at a sufficient pace, our revenues would be adversely impacted. many factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment, including a market environment characterized by high prices, the inability of
our investment professionals to identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of financing on attractive terms or decreased availability of investor capital, including potentially as a result of a challenging fundraising environment or heightened investor requests for repurchases in certain perpetual capital vehicles. a number of our funds, including our real estate and private equity funds, have invested and intend to continue to invest in large transactions or transactions that otherwise have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity and may be more difficult to execute successfully than smaller or less complex investments. in addition, realizing value from such investments may be more difficult as a result of, among other things, a limited universe of potential acquirers.
we may also fail to consummate identified investment opportunities because of regulatory or legal complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the u.s. or global economy, financial markets or geopolitical conditions, and our ability to deploy capital in certain countries may be adversely impacted by u.s. and foreign government policy changes and regulations. for example, the ability to deploy capital in china has been adversely impacted by policies and regulations in china and the u.s. this may be exacerbated prospectively. for example, the u.s. house of representatives passed a bill that, if enacted its current or a similar form, would subject certain outbound investments from the u.s. into china to heightened review by the u.s. government. as a related matter, certain senior administration officials have indicated that the current administration is formulating an approach to address outbound investments in sensitive technologies. there is public speculation that this formulation will involve an outbound investment screening mechanism, particularly relating to china and china-adjacent investments, which could further negatively impact our ability to deploy capital in such countries. see "- laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds' portfolio companies, both within and outside the u.s., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers."
our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common stock to decline.
our revenue, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on performance revenues. we may experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors, including timing of realizations, changes in the valuations of our funds' investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses and the degree to which we encounter competition, each of which may be impacted by economic and market conditions. achieving steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis may be difficult, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements or general increased volatility in the price of our common stock. we do not provide guidance regarding our expected quarterly and annual operating results. the lack of guidance may affect the expectations of public market analysts and could cause increased volatility in our common stock price.
our cash flow may fluctuate significantly because we receive performance allocations from our carry funds only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. performance allocations in our carry funds depend on our carry funds' performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. it takes a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities, to raise all the funds needed to make an investment and then to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment through a sale, public offering, recapitalization or other exit. even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be a number of years before any profits can be realized in cash (or other proceeds). we cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur.
the valuations of and realization opportunities for investments made by our funds could also be subject to high volatility as a result of uncertainty regarding governmental policy with respect to, among other things, tax, financial services regulation, international trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy.
in addition, upon the realization of a profitable investment by any of our carry funds and prior to our receiving any performance allocations in respect of that investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. a particular realization event may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter that may not be replicated in subsequent quarters. we recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds, and a decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow, which could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to investors that need to be met prior to our receiving any performance allocations, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any performance allocations paid to us in respect of that fund since the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any performance allocations from that fund.
the timing and receipt of performance allocations also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. during periods in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their "harvesting" period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods that precede harvesting. during periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower performance allocations.
for certain of our vehicles, including our core+ real estate funds, infrastructure funds and other of our perpetual capital vehicles, which have in recent years become increasing large contributors to our earnings, our incentive income is paid between quarterly and every five years. the varying frequency of these payments will contribute to the volatility of our cash flow. furthermore, we earn this incentive income only if the net asset value of a vehicle has increased or, in the case of certain vehicles, increased beyond a particular return threshold, or if the vehicle has earned a net profit. certain of these vehicles also have "high water marks" whereby we do not earn incentive income during a particular period even though the vehicle had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. if one of these vehicles experiences losses, we will not earn incentive income from it until it surpasses the previous high water mark. the incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value or the net profit of the vehicle, which could lead to significant volatility in our results.
adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect the amount of cash generated by our businesses, the value of our principal investments, and in turn, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders.
we primarily use cash to, without limitation (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, which principally includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, and other obligations as they arise, including servicing our debt and (d) pay dividends to our stockholders, make distributions to the holders of blackstone holdings partnership units and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. our principal sources of cash are: (a) cash we received in connection with our prior bond offerings, (b) management fees, (c) realized incentive fees and (d) realized performance allocations, which is the sum of realized principal investment income and realized performance revenues less realized performance compensation. we have also entered into a $4.135 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of june 3, 2027. our long-term debt totaled $11.0 billion in borrowings from our prior bond issuances. as of december 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2022, we had $4.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $1.1 billion invested in corporate treasury investments and $3.5 billion in other investments.
if the global economy and conditions in the financing markets worsen, the investment performance of our funds could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of decreased or no performance allocations to us. this could materially and adversely affect the amount of cash we have on hand, which could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash, such as the capital markets, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms for the above purposes. a decrease in the amount of cash we have on hand could also materially and adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. furthermore, during adverse economic and market conditions, we might not be able to renew all or part of our existing revolving credit facility or find alternate financing on commercially reasonable terms. as a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby potentially affecting our liquidity position. in addition, we have made and expect to continue to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. contributing capital to these investment funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire principal amount of our investments, including, without limitation, as a result of poor investment performance in a challenging economic and market environment.
we depend on our founder and other key senior managing directors and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.
we depend on the efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our founder, stephen a. schwarzman, our president, jonathan d. gray, and other key senior managing directors, the information and deal flow they generate during the normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by our professionals. accordingly, our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. several key senior managing directors have left the firm in the past and others may do so in the future, and we cannot predict the impact that the departure of any key senior managing director will have on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. for example, the governing agreements of many of our funds generally provide investors with the ability to terminate the investment period in the event that certain "key persons" in the fund do not meet the specified time commitment to the fund or our firm ceases to control the general partner. the loss of the services of any key senior managing directors could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. we have historically relied in part on the interests of these professionals in the investment funds' carried interest and incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. however, to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees become less valuable to them and become less effective as incentives for them to continue to be employed at blackstone.
our senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with investors in our funds, clients and other members of the business community. as a result, the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with investors in our funds, our clients and members of the business community and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.
our publicly traded structure and other factors may adversely affect our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel, which could adversely affect our business, results and financial condition.
our most important asset is our people, and our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our senior managing directors and other professionals. our future success and growth depend to a substantial degree on our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new talented personnel. the compensation of senior managing directors and other key personnel generally includes awards of blackstone equity interests that entitle the holder to distributions or dividends. such individuals, particularly our current senior managing directors, own a meaningful amount of such
equity interests (including blackstone holdings partnership units). the value of such equity interests, however, and the distributions or dividends in respect thereof, may not be sufficient to retain and motivate such individuals, nor may they be sufficiently attractive to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new talented personnel.
additionally, the minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions to which these interests are subject in certain instances lapse over time, may not be enforceable in all cases and can be waived. there is no guarantee that the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors and other key personnel are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us. in addition, there is no assurance that such agreements will be enforceable in all cases. in addition, these non-competition and non-solicitation agreements expire after a certain period of time, at which point such senior managing directors and other personnel would be free to compete against us and solicit our clients and employees.
we might not be able to provide future senior managing directors with interests in our business to the same extent or with the same tax consequences from which our existing senior managing directors previously benefited. for example, u.s. federal income tax law currently imposes a three-year holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as long-term capital gains. the holding period requirement may result in some of the carried interest received by such individuals being treated as ordinary income, which would materially increase the amount of taxes that our employees and other key personnel would be required to pay. moreover, the tax treatment of carried interest continues to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials, which could result in further regulatory action by federal or state governments. see "- changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability." in addition, certain states have temporarily increased the income tax rate for the state's highest earners, which could subject certain of our personnel to the highest combined state-and-local tax rate in the united states. potential tax rate increases and changes to the tax treatment of carried interest and in applicable tax laws, along with changing opinions regarding living in some geographies where we have offices, may adversely affect our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our current and future professionals.
alternatively, the value of the equity awards we issue senior managing directors and other key personnel at any given time may subsequently fall (as reflected in the market price of common stock), which could counteract the incentives we are seeking to induce in them. to recruit and retain existing and future senior managing directors and other key personnel, we may need to increase the level of compensation that we pay to them, which would cause our total employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of our total revenue to increase and adversely affect our profitability. in addition, any future issuance of equity interests in our business to senior managing directors and other personnel would dilute public common stockholders.
we strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with investors. if we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to maintain this culture, particularly in light of rapid and significant growth in our scale, global presence and employee population, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the asset management business is intensely competitive.
the asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, investor availability of capital and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees and liquidity terms), brand recognition and business reputation. our asset management business competes with a number of private funds, specialized investment funds, funds structured for individual investors, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other
financial institutions (including sovereign wealth funds), and we expect that competition will continue to increase. for example, certain traditional asset managers have developed their own private equity and retail platforms and are marketing other asset allocation strategies as alternatives to hedge fund investments. additionally, developments in financial technology, or fintech, such as distributed ledger technology, or blockchain, have the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, as well as asset managers, do business. a number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks:
•   a number of our competitors in some of our businesses have greater financial, technical, research, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do,
•   some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors' funds or other available investment products,
•   several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit,
•   some of our competitors, particularly strategic competitors, may have a lower cost of capital, which may be exacerbated limits on the deductibility of interest expense,
•   some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities,
•   some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we can and/or bear less compliance expense than we do,
•   some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investment management contracts they have negotiated with their investors,
•   some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make or to seek exit opportunities through different channels, such as special purpose acquisition vehicles,
•   some of our competitors may be more successful than us in the development of new products to address investor demand for new or different investment strategies and/or regulatory changes, including with respect to products with mandates that incorporate esg considerations, or products that developed for individual investors or that target insurance capital,
•   there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new alternative asset fund management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our various businesses, including former "star" portfolio managers at large diversified financial institutions as well as such institutions themselves, is expected to continue to result in increased competition,
•   some of our competitors may have better expertise or be regarded by investors as having better expertise in a specific asset class or geographic region than we do,
•   some of our competitors may be more successful than us in the development and implementation of new technology to address investor demand for product and strategy innovation, particularly in the hedge fund industry,
•   our competitors that are corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings in respect of an investment, which may provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment,
•   some investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager that is not publicly traded or is smaller with only one or two investment products that it manages, and
•   other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us.
we may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. moreover, if we are forced to compete with other alternative asset managers on the basis of price, we may not be able to maintain our current fund fee and carried interest terms. we have historically competed primarily on the performance of our funds, and not on the level of our fees or carried interest relative to those of our competitors. however, there is a risk that fees and carried interest in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. fee or carried interest income reductions on existing or future funds, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
in addition, the attractiveness of our investment funds relative to investments in other investment products could decrease depending on economic conditions. furthermore, any new or incremental regulatory measures for the u.s. financial services industry may increase costs and create regulatory uncertainty and additional competition for many of our funds. see "- financial regulatory changes in the united states could adversely affect our business."
this competitive pressure could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow.
our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third party investors. a failure to raise capital from third party investors on attractive fee terms or at all, would impact our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect performance revenues, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.
our ability to raise capital from third party investors depends on a number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. certain factors, such as economic and market conditions (including the performance of the stock market) and the asset allocation rules or investment policies to which such third party investors are subject, could inhibit or restrict the ability of third party investors to make investments in our investment funds or the asset classes in which our investment funds invest. for example, state politicians and lawmakers across a number of states, including pennsylvania and florida, have continued to put forth proposals or expressed intent to take steps to reduce or minimize the ability of their state pension funds to invest in alternative asset classes, including by proposing to increase the reporting or other obligations applicable to their state pension funds that invest in such asset classes. such proposals or actions would potentially discourage investment by such state pension funds in alternative asset classes by imposing meaningful compliance burdens and costs on them, which could adversely affect our ability to raise capital from such state pension funds. other states could potentially take similar actions, which may further impair our access to capital from an investor base that has historically represented a significant portion of our fundraising.
in addition, volatility in the valuations of investments, has in the past and may in the future affect our ability to raise capital from third party investors. to the extent periods of volatility are coupled with a lack of realizations from investors' existing portfolios, such investors may be left with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to a number of investment funds, which significantly limits such investors' ability to make new commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those managed by us. in addition, we have increasingly undertaken initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we make available to individual investors, many of which contain terms that permit investors to request redemption or repurchase of their interests in such products on a periodic basis. subject to certain limitations, these products include limits on the aggregate amount of such interests that may be redeemed in a given period. during periods of market volatility, investor subscriptions to such vehicles are likely to be reduced, and investor redemption or repurchase requests are likely to be elevated, which may negatively impact the fees we earn from such vehicles. to the extent redemptions or repurchases are prorated, this could further dampen subscriptions and may negatively impact such
fees. in addition, certain of our investment vehicles that are available to individual investors are subject to state registration requirements that impose limits on the proportion of such investors' net worth that can be invested in our products. these restrictions may limit such investors' ability or willingness to allocate capital to such products and adversely affect our fundraising in the retail channel.
our ability to raise new funds could similarly be hampered if the general appeal of real estate, private equity and other alternative investments were to decline. an investment in a limited partner interest in an alternative investment fund is generally more illiquid and the returns on such investment may be more volatile than an investment in securities for which there is a more active and transparent market. in periods of positive markets and low volatility, for example, investors may favor passive investment strategies such as index funds over our actively managed investment vehicles. similarly, during periods of high interest rates, investors may favor investments that are generally viewed as producing a risk-free return, such as treasury bonds, over investments in our products, particularly if the spread between the products declines. alternative investments could also fall into disfavor as a result of concerns about liquidity and short-term performance. such concerns could be exhibited, in particular, by public pension funds, which have historically been among the largest investors in alternative assets. many public pension funds are significantly underfunded and their funding problems have been, and may in the future be, exacerbated by economic downturn. concerns with liquidity could cause such public pension funds to reevaluate the appropriateness of alternative investments. although a number of investors, including certain public pension funds, have increased their allocations to alternative investments in recent years, there is no assurance that this will continue or that our ability to raise capital from investors will not be hampered. in addition, our ability to raise capital from third parties outside of the u.s. could be limited to the extent other countries, such as china, impose restrictions or limitations on outbound foreign investment.
moreover, certain institutional investors are demonstrating a preference to in-source their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the assistance of alternative asset advisers like us. such institutional investors may become our competitors and could cease to be our clients. as some existing investors cease or significantly curtail making commitments to alternative investment funds, we may need to identify and attract new investors in order to maintain or increase the size of our investment funds. there are no assurances that we can find or secure commitments from those new investors or that the fee terms of the commitments from such new investors will be consistent with the fees historically paid to us by our investors. if economic conditions were to deteriorate or if we are unable to find new investors, we might raise less than our desired amount for a given fund. further, as we seek to expand into other asset classes, we may be unable to raise a sufficient amount of capital to adequately support such businesses. a failure to successfully raise capital could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.
in connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds, we negotiate terms for such funds and investments with existing and potential investors. the outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds managed by our competitors, including with respect to management fees, incentive fees and/or carried interest, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues. such terms could also restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential liabilities, all of which could ultimately reduce our revenues. in addition, certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and co-investment vehicles. there can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on the cost of our operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures. although we have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so in our funds, including in response to regulatory focus by the sec on the quantum and types of fees and expenses charged by private funds. we have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and performance revenues we earn.
we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk.
although retail investors have been part of our historic distribution efforts, we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to high net worth individuals, family offices and mass affluent investors in the u.s. and other jurisdictions around the world. in some cases, our funds are distributed to such investors indirectly through third party managed vehicles sponsored by brokerage firms, private banks or third-party feeder providers, and in other cases directly to the qualified clients of private banks, independent investment advisors and brokers. in other cases, we create investment products specifically designed for direct investment by individual investors in the u.s., some of whom are not accredited investors, or similar investors in non-u.s. jurisdictions, including in europe. such investment products are regulated by the sec in the u.s. and by other similar regulatory bodies in other jurisdictions.
accessing individual investors and selling products directed at such investors exposes us to new and greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement risks. to the extent distribution of such products is through new channels, including through an increasing number of distributors with whom we engage, we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of their distribution, which could result in litigation or regulatory action against us, including with respect to, among other things, claims that products distributed through such channels are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable or that they are distributed in an otherwise inappropriate manner. although we seek to ensure through due diligence and onboarding procedures that the third-party channels through which individual investors access our investment products conduct themselves responsibly, we are exposed to the risks of reputational damage and legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our products to investors. this risk is heightened by the continuing increase in the number of third parties through whom we distribute our investment products around the world and who we do not control. for example, in certain cases, we may be viewed by a regulator as responsible for the content of materials prepared by third-party distributors.
similarly, there is a risk that blackstone employees involved in the direct distribution of our products, or employees who oversee independent advisors, brokerage firms and other third parties around the world involved in distributing our products, do not follow our compliance and supervisory procedures. in addition, the distribution of retail products, including through new channels whether directly or through market intermediaries, could expose us to allegations of improper conduct and/or actions by state and federal regulators in the u.s. and regulators in jurisdictions outside of the u.s. with respect to, among other things, product suitability, investor classification, compliance with securities laws, conflicts of interest and the adequacy of disclosure to customers to whom our products are distributed through those channels.
in addition, many of the investment products that we make available to individual investors contain terms that permit such investors to request redemption or repurchase of their interests on a periodic basis and, subject to certain limitations, include limits on the aggregate amount of such interests that may be redeemed or repurchased in a given period. challenging market or economic conditions and liquidity needs could cause elevated share redemption or repurchase requests from investors in such products. such redemption or repurchase requests may be elevated in certain regions, such as asia, where such vehicles may have a significant number of investors. recently, certain of such vehicles have limited, and may in the future limit, the amount of such redemption or repurchase request that are fulfilled. such limitations are particularly possible in the event redemption or repurchase requests are elevated or investor subscriptions to such products are concurrently at reduced levels. such limitations may subject us to reputational harm and may make such vehicles less attractive to individual investors, which could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows of such vehicles. this may in turn negatively impact the revenues we derive from such vehicles.
as we expand the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the u.s., we are increasingly exposed to risks in non-u.s. jurisdictions. while many of the risks we face in non-u.s. jurisdictions are similar to those that we face in the distribution of products to individual investors in the u.s., securities laws and other applicable regulatory regimes can be extensive, complex and vary by jurisdiction. in addition, the distribution of products to individual investors out of the u.s. may involve complex structures (such as distributor-sponsored feeder funds or nominee/omnibus investors) and market practices that vary by local jurisdiction. as a result, this expansion subjects us to additional complexity, litigation and regulatory risk.
in addition, our initiatives to expand our individual investor base, including outside of the u.s., requires the investment of significant time, effort and resources, including the potential hiring of additional personnel, the implementation of new operational, compliance and other systems and processes and the development or implementation of new technology. there is no assurance that our efforts to grow the assets we manage on behalf of individual investors will be successful.
changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability.
our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. these laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our funds is sometimes open to interpretation. significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax authorities, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate.
in addition, recent and future changes to tax laws and regulations may have an adverse impact on us. for example, the recently enacted inflation reduction act imposes, among other things, a minimum "book" tax on certain large corporations and creates a new excise tax on net stock repurchases made by certain publicly traded corporations after december 31, 2022. while the application of this new law is uncertain and we continue to evaluate its potential impact, these changes could materially change the amount and/or timing of tax we may be required to pay.
in addition, the u.s. congress, the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. the oecd, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous long- standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated entities in different tax jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. the oecd also recently finalized guidelines that recommend certain multinational enterprises be subject to a minimum 15% tax rate, effective from 2024. this minimum tax and several of the proposed measures are potentially relevant to some of our structures and could have an adverse tax impact on our funds, investors and/or our funds' portfolio companies. some member countries have been moving forward on the beps agenda but, because timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of beps proposals. if implemented, these proposals could result in a loss of tax treaty benefits and increased taxes on income from our investments.
cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, which could result in the failure of such systems. attacks on our systems could involve, and in some instances have in the past involved, attempts intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, or divert or otherwise steal funds, including through the introduction of computer viruses, "phishing" attempts and other forms of social engineering. cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. cyberattacks and other security threats could also originate from the malicious or accidental acts of insiders, such as employees.
there has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us because, as an alternative asset management firm, we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, our funds' portfolio companies and potential investments. as a result, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. there can be no assurance that measures we take to ensure the integrity of our systems will provide protection, especially because cyberattack techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until successful. if our systems are compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, or we fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications in a timely manner, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds and fund investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means.
in addition, we could also suffer losses in connection with updates to, or the failure to timely update, the technology platforms on which we rely. we are reliant on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain technology platforms, including cloud-based services. these third party service providers could also face ongoing cybersecurity threats and compromises of their systems and as a result, unauthorized individuals could gain, and in some past instances have gained, access to certain confidential data.
cybersecurity and data protection have become top priorities for regulators around the world. many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, including, as examples the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") in the european union and the california privacy rights act ("cpra"). in addition, in february 2022, the sec proposed rules regarding registered investment advisers' and funds' cybersecurity risk management, which would require them to adopt and implement cybersecurity policies and procedures, enhance disclosures concerning cybersecurity incidents and risks in regulatory filings, and investment advisers to promptly report certain cybersecurity incidents to the sec. if this proposal is adopted, it could increase our compliance costs and potential regulatory liability related to cybersecurity. see "- rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage." some jurisdictions have also enacted or proposed laws requiring companies to notify individuals and government agencies of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data.
breaches in our security or in the security of third party service providers, whether malicious in nature or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, could potentially jeopardize our, our employees' or our fund investors' or counterparties' confidential, proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in
our, our employees', our fund investors', our counterparties' or third parties' business and operations, which could result in significant financial losses, increased costs, liability to our fund investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention and reputational damage. furthermore, if we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations or fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications of breach in a timely matter, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and reputational harm and may cause our fund investors and clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and blackstone more generally.
our funds' portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, including payment and health information. a disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or security breach than other assets or businesses. such an event may have material adverse consequences on our investment or assets of the same type or may require portfolio companies to increase preventative security measures or expand insurance coverage.
finally, our and our funds' portfolio companies' technology platforms, data and intellectual property are also subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise to the extent we or our funds' portfolio companies engage in operations outside the united states, in particular in those jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. in addition, we and our funds' portfolio companies may be required to compromise protections or forego rights to technology, data and intellectual property in order to operate in or access markets in a foreign jurisdiction. any such direct or indirect compromise of these assets could have a material adverse impact on us and our funds' portfolio companies.
rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage.
we and our funds' portfolio companies are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, processing, storage and transmission of personally identifiable information ("pii") and other sensitive and confidential information. this data is wide ranging and relates to our investors, employees, contractors and other counterparties and third parties. our compliance obligations include those relating to u.s. laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the cpra, which provides for enhanced consumer protections for california residents, a private right of action for data breaches and statutory fines and damages for data breaches or other ccpa violations, as well as a requirement of "reasonable" cybersecurity. our compliance obligations also include those relating to foreign data collection and privacy laws, including, for example, the gdpr and u.k. data protection act, as well as laws in many other jurisdictions globally, including switzerland, japan, hong kong, singapore, china, australia, canada and brazil. global laws in this area are rapidly increasing in the scale and depth of their requirements, and are also often extra-territorial in nature. in addition, a wide range of regulators and private actors are seeking to enforce these laws across regions and borders. furthermore, we frequently have privacy compliance requirements as a result of our contractual obligations with counterparties. these legal, regulatory and contractual obligations heighten our privacy obligations in the ordinary course of conducting our business in the u.s. and internationally.
while we have taken various measures and made significant efforts and investment to ensure that our policies, processes and systems are both robust and compliant with these obligations, our potential liability remains, particularly given the continued and rapid development of privacy laws and regulations around the world, and increased criminal and civil enforcement actions and private litigation. any inability, or perceived inability, by us or our funds' portfolio companies to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, even if unfounded, could result in significant regulatory and third party liability, increased costs, disruption of our and our
funds' portfolio companies' business and operations, and a loss of client (including investor) confidence and other reputational damage. furthermore, as new privacy- related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us and our funds' portfolio companies to comply with such laws and regulations continues to increase and become a significant compliance workstream.
our operations are highly dependent on the technology platforms and corresponding infrastructure that supports our business.
a disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, as a result of a cybersecurity incident or otherwise, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our cloud services providers, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. our disaster recovery and business continuity programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. in addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all.
we are reliant on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including the administration of certain funds. we are also reliant on third party service providers for certain technology platforms that facilitate the continued operation of our business, including cloud-based services. in addition to the fact that these third-party service providers could also face ongoing cyber security threats and compromises of their systems, we generally have less control over the delivery of such third party services, and as a result, we may face disruptions to our ability to operate a business as a result of interruptions of such services. a prolonged global failure of cloud services provided by a variety of cloud services providers that we engage could result in cascading systems failures for us. in addition, any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures or compromises of their information systems and technology could impair the operations of us and our funds and adversely affect our reputation and businesses.
in addition, our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems, each of which may require updates and enhancements as we grow our business. our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. such a failure to adapt to or accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could have a material adverse effect on us. see "- cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations" and "- rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage."
extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. the possibility of increased regulatory focus, particularly given the current administration, could result in additional burdens on our business.
our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, inquiries and investigations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. these authorities have regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities. many of these regulators, including u.s. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the united states, are also empowered to conduct examinations, inquiries, investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel, changes in policies, procedures or disclosure or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or investment adviser from registration or memberships or the commencement of a civil or criminal lawsuit against us or our personnel.
the financial services industry in recent years has been the subject of heightened scrutiny, which is expected to continue to increase, and the sec has specifically focused on private equity and the private funds industry. in that connection, in recent years the sec's stated examination priorities and published observations from examinations have included, among other things, private equity firms' collection of fees and allocation of expenses, their marketing and valuation practices, allocation of investment opportunities, terms agreed in side letters and similar arrangements with investors, consistency of firms' practices with disclosures, handling of material non-public information and insider trading, disclosures of investment risk, purported waivers or limitations of fiduciary duties, conflicts around liquidity, risk management and the existence of, and adherence to, compliance policies and procedures with respect to conflicts of interest. statements by sec staff in 2022 reiterated a focus on certain of these topics and on bolstering transparency in the private funds industry, including with respect to fees earned and expenses charged by advisers. in 2022, the sec proposed a number of new rules and amendments to existing rules that, if enacted, would have significant impact on our business and operations. in february 2022, the sec proposed new rules and amendments to existing rules under the advisers act specifically related to registered advisers and their activities with respect to private funds. if enacted, the proposed rules and amendments could have a significant impact on advisers to private funds, including our advisers.
in particular, the sec has proposed to limit circumstances in which a fund manager can be indemnified by a private fund; increase reporting requirements by private funds to investors concerning performance, fees and expenses; require registered advisers to obtain an annual audit for private funds and also require such fund's auditor to notify the sec upon the occurrence of certain material events; enhance requirements, including the need to obtain a fairness opinion and make certain disclosures, in connection with adviser-led secondary transactions (also known as general partner-led secondaries); prohibit advisers from engaging in certain practices, such as, without limitation, charging accelerated fees for unperformed services or fees and expenses associated with an examination to private fund clients; and impose limitations and new disclosure requirements regarding preferential treatment of investors in private funds in side letters or other arrangements with an adviser. amendments to the existing books and records and compliance rules under the advisers act would complement new proposals and also require that all registered advisers document their annual compliance review in writing. in addition, the sec also proposed amendments to rules that would seek to categorize certain types of esg strategies and require investment funds and advisors to provide disclosures based on esg strategies they pursue. further, the sec proposed rules that, if enacted, would require certain climate-related disclosures by public companies, including disclosure of financed emissions, an extensive and complex category of emissions that is difficult to calculate accurately and for which there is currently no agreed measurement standard or methodology. furthermore, in october 2022 the sec proposed a new rule and related amendments that would impose substantial obligations on registered investment advisers to conduct initial due diligence and ongoing monitoring of a broad universe of service providers that we may use in our investment advisory business. if adopted, including with modifications, these new rules could significantly impact us (including certain of our advisers) and our operations, including by increasing compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity and reducing the ability to receive certain expense reimbursements or indemnification in certain circumstances. in addition, these potential rules enhance the risk of regulatory action, which could adversely impact our reputation and our fundraising efforts, including as a result of public regulatory sanctions. moreover, in february 2023, the sec proposed extensive amendments to the custody rule for sec-registered investment advisers. if adopted, the amendments would require, among other things, the adviser to: obtain certain contractual terms from each advisory client's qualified custodian; document that privately-offered securities cannot be maintained by a qualified custodian; and promptly obtain verification from an independent public accountant of any purchase, sale or transfer of privately-offered securities. the amendments also would apply to all assets of a client, including real estate and other assets that generally are not considered securities under the federal securities laws. if adopted, these amendments could expose our registered investment advisers to additional regulatory liability, increase compliance costs, and impose limitations on our investing activities.
we regularly are subject to requests for information, inquiries and informal or formal investigations by the sec and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate, and which have included review of historical practices that were previously examined. such investigations have previously and may in the future result in penalties and other sanctions. sec actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results, including as a result of the imposition of a sanction, a limitation on our or our personnel's activities, or changing our historic practices. even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction, or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients.
in addition, certain states and other regulatory authorities have required investment managers to register as lobbyists, and we have registered as such in a number of jurisdictions. other states or municipalities may consider similar legislation or adopt regulations or procedures with similar effect. these registration requirements impose significant compliance obligations on registered lobbyists and their employers, which may include annual registration fees, periodic disclosure reports and internal recordkeeping.
we are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our brand and reputation.
we, our funds and their portfolio companies are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance matters. with respect to the alternative asset management industry, in recent years, certain investors, including public pension funds, have placed increasing importance on the impacts of investments made by the private funds to which they commit capital, including with respect to climate change, among other aspects of esg. conversely, certain investors have raised concerns as to whether the incorporation of esg factors in the investment and portfolio management process may be inconsistent with the fiduciary duty to maximize return for investors.
certain investors have demonstrated increased concern with respect to asset managers taking certain actions that could adversely impact the value of, or, refraining from taking certain actions that could improve the value of, an existing or potential investment. at times, investors, including public pension funds, have limited participation in certain investment opportunities, such as hydrocarbons, and/or conditioned future capital commitments to certain funds on the basis of such factors. other investors have voiced concern with respect to asset managers' policies that may result in such managers subordinating the interests of investors based solely or in part on esg considerations. we may be subject to competing demands from different investors and other stakeholder groups with divergent views on esg matters, including the role of esg in the investment process. investors, including public pension funds, which represent a significant portion of our funds' investor bases, may decide to withdraw previously committed capital (where such withdrawal is permitted) or not commit capital to future fundraises based on their assessment of how we approach and consider the esg cost of investments and whether the return-driven objectives of our funds align with their esg priorities. this divergence increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to esg matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and adversely impact our reputation and business. if we do not successfully manage esg-related expectations across the varied interests of our stakeholders, including existing or potential investors, our ability to access and deploy capital may be adversely impacted. in addition, a failure to successfully manage esg-related expectations may negatively impact our reputation and erode stakeholder trust.
as part of their increased focus on the allocation of their capital to environmentally sustainable economic activities, certain investors also have begun to request or require data from their asset managers and/or use third-party benchmarks and esg ratings to allow them to monitor the esg impact of their investments. in addition, regulatory initiatives to require investors to make disclosures to their stakeholders regarding esg matters are becoming increasingly common, which may further increase the number and type of investors who place importance on these issues and who demand certain types of reporting from us. in addition, government authorities of certain u.s. states have requested information from and scrutinized certain asset managers with respect to whether such managers have adopted esg policies that would restrict such asset managers from investing in certain industries or sectors, such as traditional energy. these authorities have indicated that such asset managers may lose opportunities to manage money belonging to these states and their pension funds to the extent the asset managers boycott or take similar actions with respect to certain industries. this may impair our ability to access capital from certain investors, and we may in turn not be able to maintain or increase the size of our funds or raise sufficient capital for new funds, which may adversely impact our revenues.
in addition, there has been increased regulatory focus on esg-related practices by investment managers, particularly with respect to the accuracy of statements made regarding esg practices, initiatives and investment strategies. the sec has established an enforcement task force to examine esg practices and disclosures by public companies and investment managers and identify inaccurate or misleading statements, often referred to as "greenwashing." in 2022, the sec commenced enforcement actions against at least two investment advisers relating to esg disclosures and policies and procedures failures, and we expect that there will be a greater level of enforcement activity in this area in the future. the sec has also proposed two esg-related rules for investment advisors that address, among other things, enhanced esg-related disclosure requirements. there is also generally a higher likelihood of regulatory focus on esg matters under the current administration, including in the context of examinations by regulators and potential enforcement actions. this could increase the risk that we are perceived as, or accused of, greenwashing. such perception or accusation could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory actions, and adversely impact our ability to raise capital and attract new investors.
outside of the u.s., the european commission adopted an action plan on financing sustainable growth, as well as initiatives at the eu level, such as the eu sustainable finance disclosure regulation ("sfdr). see "- financial regulatory changes in the united states could adversely affect our business" and "- complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the united states could adversely affect our business." compliance with the sfdr and other esg-related rules may subject us, our funds and our funds' portfolio companies to increased restrictions, disclosure obligations and compliance and other associated costs, as well as potential reputational harm. in addition, under the requirements of sfdr and other esg-related regulations to which we may become subject, we may be required to classify certain of our funds and their portfolio companies against certain criteria, some of which can be open to subjective interpretation. our view on the appropriate classification may develop over time, including in response to statutory or regulatory guidance or changes in industry approach to classification. if regulators disagree with the procedures or standards we use, or new regulations or legislation require a methodology of measuring or disclosing esg impact that is different from our current practice, it could have a material adverse effect on fundraising efforts and our reputation. the complexity and relative nascency of the global regulatory framework with respect to esg matters increases the risk that any act or lack thereof with respect to esg matters will be perceived negatively by a governmental authority or regulator.
we may also communicate certain initiatives, commitments and goals regarding environmental, diversity, and other esg-related matters in our sec filings or in other disclosures by us or our funds. these initiatives, commitments and goals could be difficult and expensive to implement, the personnel, processes and technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we may not be able to accomplish them within the timelines we announce or at all. we could, for example, determine that it is not feasible or practical to implement or complete certain of such initiatives, commitments or goals based on cost, timing or other consideration. in addition, we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure related to our or our funds' esg-related policies, practices, initiatives, commitments and goals, and progress against those goals, which disclosure may be based on frameworks and standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. in addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. further, as part of our esg practices, we rely from time to time on third-party data, services and methodologies and such services, data and methodologies could prove to be incomplete or inaccurate. if our or such third parties' esg-related data, processes or reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of esg on a timely basis, or at all, we may be subject to enforcement action and our reputation could be adversely affected, particularly if in connection with such matters we were to be accused of "greenwashing".
financial regulatory changes in the united states could adversely affect our business.
the financial services industry continues to be the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny in the united states. there has been active debate over the appropriate extent of regulation and oversight of private investment funds and their managers. we may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised regulations imposed by the sec or other u.s. governmental regulatory authorities or self- regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. we also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. further, new regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, including with respect to climate change or esg matters, which could negatively affect us, our funds or our funds' portfolio companies and materially increase our regulatory burden. for example, in january and august 2022 the sec proposed changes to form pf, a confidential form relating to reporting by private funds and intended to be used by the financial stability oversight counsel ("fsoc") for systemic risk oversight purposes. the proposal, which represents an expansion of existing reporting obligations, if adopted, would require private fund managers, including us, to report to the sec within one business day the occurrence of certain fund-related and portfolio company events. increased regulations and disclosure obligations generally increase our costs, and we could continue to experience higher costs if new laws or disclosure obligations require us to spend more time, hire additional personnel, or buy new technology to comply effectively.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act"), enacted in july 2010, imposed significant changes on almost every aspect of the u.s. financial services industry, including aspects of our business, which include, without limitation, protection and compensation of whistleblowers, credit risk retention rules for certain sponsors of asset-backed securities, strengthening the oversight and supervision of the otc derivatives and securities markets, as well as creating the fsoc, an interagency body charged with identifying and monitoring systemic risk to financial markets. under the dodd-frank act, the fsoc can designate certain financial companies as nonbank financial companies subject to supervision by the board of governors of the federal reserve system (the "federal reserve board"). if we were to be designated as such by the fsoc, or if any of our business activities were to be identified by the fsoc as warranting enhanced regulation or supervision by certain regulators, we could be subject to materially greater regulatory burden, which could adversely impact our compliance and other costs, the implementation of certain of our investment strategies and our profitability.
under the dodd-frank act, whistleblowers who voluntarily provide original information to the sec can receive compensation and protection. the dodd-frank act established a fund to be used to pay whistleblowers who will be entitled to receive a payment equal to between 10% and 30% of certain monetary sanctions imposed in a successful government action resulting from the information provided by the whistleblower. according to a recent annual report to the u.s. congress on the dodd-frank whistleblower program, whistleblower claims have increased significantly since the enactment of these provisions and in the 2022 fiscal year the sec awarded approximately $229 million to 103 individuals. addressing such claims could generate significant expenses and take up significant management time for us and our funds' portfolio companies, even if such claims are frivolous or without merit.
the dodd-frank act also authorized federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk taking by covered financial institutions. in 2016, the sec re-proposed a rule, as part of a joint rulemaking effort with u.s. federal banking regulators, that would apply to "covered financial institutions," including registered investment advisers and broker-dealers that have total consolidated assets of at least $1 billion, and would impose substantive and procedural requirements on incentive-based compensation arrangements. while this proposed rule was never adopted, the current administration has included re-proposal of this rule on its regulatory agenda. the possibility that efforts are revived to finalize the rule under the current administration, could limit our ability to recruit and retain senior managing directors and investment professionals.
rule 206(4)-5 under the advisers act prohibits investment advisers from providing advisory services for compensation to a government plan investor for two years, subject to limited exceptions, after the investment adviser, its senior executives or its personnel involved in soliciting investments from government entities make political contributions to certain candidates and officials in position to influence the hiring of an investment adviser by such government client. advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to comply with this rule. any failure on our part to comply with the rule could expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. in addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding "pay to play" practices by investment advisers. additionally, the sec's amended rules for investment adviser marketing that went into effect in 2022 impose more prescriptive requirements and will impact the marketing of our funds, as well as placement agent arrangements globally. compliance with the new rule may result in higher compliance and operational costs and less overall flexibility in our marketing.
the sec has adopted "regulation best interest," which imposes a "best interest" standard of care for broker-dealers when recommending certain securities transactions to a customer. regulation best interest requires such broker-dealers to evaluate available alternatives, including those that may have lower expenses and/or lower investment risk than our investment funds. the continued regulatory focus on regulation best interest may negatively impact whether certain broker-dealers and their associated persons are willing to recommend investment products, including certain of our funds, to retail customers, which may adversely impact our ability to distribute our products to certain investors. in addition, the u.s. department of labor as well as several states have proposed regulations or taken other actions pertaining to conduct standards for investment advisers and broker-dealers that may result in additional requirements related to our business.
the potential for governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform by the current administration may create regulatory uncertainty for our investment strategies, may make it more difficult to operate our business, and may adversely affect the profitability of our funds' portfolio companies.
governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform could make it more difficult for us to operate our business, including by impeding fundraising, making certain equity or credit investments or investment strategies unattractive or less profitable. in addition, our ability to identify business and other risks associated with new investments depends in part on our ability to anticipate and accurately assess regulatory, legislative and other changes that may have a material impact on the businesses in which we choose to invest. we may face particular difficulty anticipating policy changes and reforms during periods of heightened partisanship at the federal, state and local levels, including due to the divisiveness surrounding populist movements, political disputes and socioeconomic issues. the failure to accurately anticipate the possible outcome of such changes and/or reforms could have a material adverse effect on the returns generated from our funds' investments and our revenues.
in addition, in recent years there have been a number of leadership changes at a number of u.s. federal regulatory agencies with oversight over the industry, which has led to increased regulatory enforcement activity and rulemaking impacting the financial services industry.
given the breadth of initiatives by the current administration and at the sec and certain other regulatory bodies, policy changes could impose additional costs on the companies in which we have invested or choose to invest in the future, require the attention of senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which the companies in which we have invested or choose to invest in the future conduct business. such changes or reforms may include, without limitation:
•   there has been recurring consideration amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions regarding the role of nonbank institutions in providing credit and, particularly, so-called "shadow banking," a term generally taken to refer to financial intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system. federal regulatory bodies, such as the fsoc, and international organizations, such as the
financial stability board, are assessing financial stability-related risks associated with, among other things, nonbank lending and certain types of open-end funds. at this time, it is unclear whether any rules or regulations related thereto will be proposed. if nonbank financial intermediation became subject to regulations or oversight standards similar to those applicable to traditional banks, certain of our business activities, including nonbank lending, would be adversely affected and the regulatory burden on us would materially increase, which could adversely impact the implementation of our investment strategy and our returns.
•   in the united states, the fsoc has the authority to designate nonbank financial companies as systemically important financial institutions ("sifis"). currently, there are no nonbank financial companies with a nonbank sifi designation. the fsoc has, however, designated certain nonbank financial companies as sifis in the past, and additional nonbank financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as sifis in the future. under its most recent guidance regarding procedures for designating nonbank financial companies as sifis, the fsoc shifted from an "entity-based" approach to an "activities-based" approach whereby the fsoc will primarily focus on regulating activities that pose systemic risk to the financial stability of the united states, rather than designations of individual firms. future reviews by the fsoc of nonbank financial companies for designation as sifis may focus on other types of products and activities, such as nonbank lending activities conducted by certain of our businesses. if any of our activities were identified by the fsoc as posing potential risks to u.s. financial stability, such activities could be subject to modified or enhanced regulation or supervision by u.s. regulators with jurisdiction over such activities, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be applied to any such identified activities.
•   under the fsoc's most recent guidance, designation of an individual firm as a nonbank sifi would only occur if, after engaging with the firm's primary federal and state regulators, the fsoc determines that those regulators' actions are inadequate to address the identified potential risk to u.s. financial stability. if we were designated as a nonbank sifi, including as a result of our asset management or nonbank lending activities, we could become subject to direct supervision by the federal reserve board, and could become subject to enhanced prudential, capital, supervisory and other requirements, such as risk-based capital requirements, leverage limits, liquidity requirements, resolution plan and credit exposure report requirements, concentration limits, a contingent capital requirement, enhanced public disclosures, short-term debt limits and overall risk management requirements. requirements such as these, which were designed to regulate banking institutions, would likely need to be modified to be applicable to an asset manager, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be adapted for asset managers.
trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds' portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds' portfolio companies.
in recent years, the u.s. government has indicated its intent to alter its approach to international trade policy and in some cases to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries, and has made proposals and taken actions related thereto. for example, the u.s. government has imposed tariffs on certain foreign goods, including from china, such as steel and aluminum. some foreign governments, including china, have instituted retaliatory tariffs on certain u.s. goods.
furthermore, the u.s. has implemented a number of economic sanctions programs and export controls that specifically target chinese entities and nationals on national security grounds, including, for example, with respect to china's response to political demonstrations in hong kong and china's conduct concerning the treatment of uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in its xinjiang province. moreover, the u.s. has implemented additional sanctions against entities participating in china's military industrial complex and providing support to the country's military, intelligence, and surveillance apparatuses. these sanctions impose certain restrictions on u.s. persons and entities buying or selling publicly-traded securities of these designated entities. the u.s. has also imposed new
trade restrictions and license requirements on advanced computing semiconductor chips and additional restrictions on the exportation of semiconductor manufacturing items to china. these restrictions also add additional license requirements on items destined to certain semiconductor fabrication facilities in china. in return, china has imposed sanctions against certain u.s. nationals engaged in political activities relating to hong kong and has implemented countermeasures in response to sanctions imposed on chinese individuals or entities by foreign governments, such that a company that complies with u.s. sanctions against a chinese entity may then face penalties in china. further escalation of the "trade war" between the u.s. and china, the countries' inability to reach further trade agreements, or the continued use of reciprocal sanctions by each country, may negatively impact opportunities for investment as well as the rate of global growth, particularly in china, which has and continues to exhibit signs of slowing growth. such slowing growth could adversely affect the revenues and profitability of our funds' portfolio companies.
there is uncertainty as to the actions that may be taken under the current administration with respect to u.s. trade policy, including with china. further governmental actions related to the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers or changes to international trade agreements or policies, could further increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by current and future portfolio companies and adversely affect the revenues and profitability of companies whose businesses rely on goods imported from outside of the u.s.
our provision of products and services to insurance companies, including through blackstone insurance solutions, subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties.
we have increasingly undertaken initiatives to deliver to insurance companies customizable and diversified portfolios of blackstone products across asset classes, as well as the option for partial or full management of insurance companies' general account assets. this strategy has in recent years contributed to meaningful growth in our assets under management, including in perpetual capital assets under management. bis currently manages assets for corebridge financial inc., everlake life insurance company, fidelity & guaranty life insurance company, resolution life group and certain of their respective affiliates pursuant to several investment management agreements. in addition, in july 2016, blackstone and axis capital co-sponsored the establishment of harrington reinsurance, a bermuda property and casualty reinsurance company, and bis currently manages all general account assets of harrington reinsurance. bis also manages or sub-manages assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles, and has developed, and expects to continue to develop, other capital-efficient products for insurance companies.
the continued success of bis will depend in large part on further developing investment partnerships with insurance company clients and maintaining existing asset management arrangements, including those described above. if we fail to deliver high-quality, high- performing products that help our insurance company clients meet long-term policyholder obligations, bis may not be successful in retaining existing investment partnerships, developing new investment partnerships or originating or selling capital-efficient assets or products and such failure may have a material adverse effect on bis or on our business, results and financial condition.
the u.s. and non-u.s. insurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. regulatory authorities in many relevant jurisdictions have broad regulatory (including through any regulatory support organization), administrative, and in some cases discretionary, authority with respect to insurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance companies may acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements and capital adequacy. these requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance companies, which may indirectly affect bis and other blackstone businesses that offer products or services to insurance companies. we may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement investigations or regulatory scrutiny. regulators and other authorities
generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of licenses, cease-and-desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. to the extent bis or another blackstone business that offers products or services to insurance companies is directly or indirectly involved in such regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties.
recently, insurance regulatory authorities and regulatory support organizations have increased scrutiny of alternative asset managers' involvement in the insurance industry, including with respect to the ownership by such managers or their affiliated funds of, and the management of assets on behalf of, insurance companies. for example, insurance regulators have increasingly focused on the terms and structure of investment management agreements, including whether they are at arms' length, establish control of the insurance company, grant the asset manager excessive authority or oversight over the investment strategy of the insurance company or provide for management fees that are not fair and reasonable. regulators have also increasingly focused on the risk profile of certain investments held by insurance companies (including, without limitation, collateralized loan obligations and other structured credit assets), appropriateness of investment ratings and potential conflicts of interest, including affiliated investments, and potential misalignment of incentives and any potential risks from these and other aspects of an insurance company's relationship with alternative asset managers that may impact the insurance company's risk profile. this enhanced scrutiny may increase the risk of regulatory actions against us and could result in new or amended regulations that limit our ability, or make it more burdensome or costly, to enter into new investment management agreements with insurance companies and thereby grow our insurance strategy. some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance companies involve complex u.s. and non-u.s. tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. such structures may be subject to potential regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative change or scrutiny and differing interpretations and any adverse regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative changes, scrutiny or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance companies or bis. in some cases we may agree to indemnify insurance companies for their losses resulting from any such adverse changes or interpretations.
insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. many of the investment products we originate or develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to offer such products to, or invest or deploy capital on behalf of, insurers. furthermore, insurers are subject to a risk-based capital ("rbc") requirement, which is a statutory minimum level of capital that an insurer must hold in proportion to its risk. certain proposals or exposure drafts released by insurance regulatory authorities may result in changes to the rbc treatment and/or ratings process of certain assets or investments that are, or may be, held by our insurance company clients, which could potentially make such assets or investments less attractive to insurers and limit our ability to originate, or invest in, them on behalf insurers.
any failure to properly manage or address the foregoing risks may have a material adverse effect on bis or on our business, results and financial condition.
we rely on complex exemptions from statutes in conducting our asset management activities.
we regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the u.s. securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), the exchange act, the 1940 act, the commodity exchange act and the u.s. employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended, in conducting our asset management activities. these exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. if for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third-party claims and our business could be materially and adversely
affected. for example, the "bad actor" disqualification provisions of rule 506 of regulation d under the securities act ban an issuer from offering or selling securities pursuant to the safe harbor rule in rule 506 if the issuer or any other "covered person" is the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other "disqualifying event" under the rule which has not been waived. the definition of "covered person" includes an issuer's directors, general partners, managing members and executive officers; affiliates who are also issuing securities in the offering; beneficial owners of 20% or more of the issuer's outstanding equity securities; and promoters and persons compensated for soliciting investors in the offering. accordingly, our ability to rely on rule 506 to offer or sell securities would be impaired if we or any "covered person" is the subject of a disqualifying event under the rule and we are unable to obtain a waiver. these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements.
complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the united states could adversely affect our business.
similar to the united states, the jurisdictions outside the united states in which we operate, in particular europe, have become subject to further regulation. governmental regulators and other authorities in europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives, rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business, including by imposing additional compliance and administrative burden and increasing the costs of doing business in such jurisdictions. increasingly, the rules and regulations in the financial sector in europe are becoming more prescriptive. rules and regulations in other jurisdictions are often informed by key features of u.s. and european rules and regulations and, as a result, our businesses in all jurisdictions, including across asia, may become subject to increased regulation in the future.
in europe, the eu alternative investment fund managers directive ("aifmd") came into effect in 2014 and established a regulatory regime for alternative investment fund managers, including private equity and hedge fund managers. aifmd is applicable to our aifms in luxembourg and ireland and in certain other respects to affiliated non-eea aifms in other jurisdictions to the extent that they market interests in alternative investment funds to eea investors. we have had to comply with these and other requirements of the aifmd in order to market certain of our investment funds to professional investors in the eea. the u.k. has "on-shored" aifmd and therefore similar requirements continue to apply to funds marketed to u.k. investors notwithstanding brexit.
in november 2021, a legislative proposal (commonly referred to as "aifmd ii") was made that may increase the cost and complexity of raising capital and restrict our ability to structure or market certain types of funds to eea investors. subject to the eu ordinary legislative process involving the european parliament and european council, the proposal is expected to result in amendments to the aifmd, which is expected to have a two-year implementation period after the legislation comes into force, possibly in 2025. how the aifmd ii will affect us or our subsidiaries is unclear at this stage, but the regime may slow the pace of fundraising.
in addition, on august 2, 2021, directive (eu) 2019/1160 (the "cbdf directive") and regulation (eu) 2019/1156 (the "cbdf regulation") came into effect, which in part amended aifmd. the cbdf regulation introduces new standardized requirements for cross-border fund distribution in the eu, including as related to transparency and principles for calculating supervisory fees, new procedures for the de-notification of marketing (including restrictions on pre-marking successor funds), new content requirements for marketing communications and additional regulations with respect to investors who approach our funds seeking to invest on their own initiative. as the cbdf regulation is implemented across various eu jurisdictions, our ability to raise capital from eea investors may become more complex and costly.
the eu securitization regulation (the "securitization regulation"), which became effective on january 1, 2019, imposes due diligence and risk retention requirements on "institutional investors" (which includes managers of alternative investment funds assets) which must be satisfied prior to holding a securitization position. these requirements may apply to aifs managed by not only eea aifms but also non-eea aifms where those aifs have
been registered for marketing in the eu under national private placement regimes. similar requirements continue to apply in the u.k. notwithstanding brexit. the securitization regulation may impact or limit our funds' ability to make certain investments that constitute "securitizations" under the regulation. the securitization regulation may also constrain certain of our funds' ability to invest in securitization positions that do not comply with, among other things, the risk retention requirements. failure to comply with these requirements could result in various penalties.
the eu regulation ("emir") on over-the-counter ("otc") derivative transactions, central counterparties and trade repositories requires mandatory clearing of certain otc derivatives through central counterparties, creates additional risk mitigation requirements and imposes reporting and recordkeeping requirements in respect of most derivative transactions. similar rules apply in the u.k., and compliance with relevant eu and u.k. requirements imposes additional operational burden and cost on our engagement in such transactions.
additional regulation, commonly referred to as "mifid ii" requires us to comply with disclosure, transparency, reporting and record keeping obligations and enhanced obligations in relation to the receipt of investment research, best execution, product governance and marketing communications. compliance with mifid ii has resulted in greater overall complexity, higher compliance and administration and operational costs and less overall flexibility for us. certain aspects of mifid ii are subject to review and change in both the eu and the u.k. associated changes to the prudential regulation of eea and u.k. mifid investment firms have increased the regulatory capital and liquidity adequacy requirements for certain of our entities licensed under mifid. this makes it less capital efficient to run the relevant businesses. those changes have also required us to make changes to the way in which we remunerate certain senior staff, which may make it harder for us to attract and retain talent, compared to competitors not subject to the same rules. enhanced internal governance, disclosure and reporting requirements increase the costs of compliance.
certain regulatory requirements and proposals in the eu and u.k. intended to enhance protection for retail investors and impose additional obligations on the distribution of certain products to retail investors may impose additional costs on our operations and limit our ability to access capital from retail investors in such jurisdictions. these include eu and u.k. rules requiring that retail investors in packaged retail investment and insurance products receive key information documents, and u.k rules enhancing duties related to distribution of financial products to retail investors.
as with any other organization that holds personal data of eu data subjects, we are required to comply with the gdpr because, among other things, we process european individuals' personal data in the u.s. via our global technology systems. the u.k. has on-shored gdpr and similar requirements therefore continue to apply in the u.k. notwithstanding brexit, although transfers of personal data between the eu and u.k. are subject to less safeguards then transfers to third countries. financial regulators and data protection authorities have significantly increased audit and investigatory powers under gdpr to probe how personal data is being used and processed. serious breaches of include antitrust-like fines on companies of up to the greater of €20 million / £17.5 million or 4% of global group turnover in the preceding year, regulatory action and reputational risk. see "- rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage."
european regulators are increasing their attention on "greenwashing" and rapidly developing and implementing regimes focused on esg and sustainability within the financial services sector. in the eu, the key regimes include the eu sustainable finance disclosure regulation sfdr which currently imposes disclosure requirements on mifid firms and aifms and will affect our eea operations (including where non-eea products are marketed to eea investors). the eu regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment ("taxonomy regulation") supplements sfdr's disclosure requirements for certain entities and sets out a framework for classifying economic activities as "environmentally sustainable." sfdr primarily impacts our
aifms by requiring certain disclosures in relation to sustainability risks and consideration of so-called "principal adverse impacts". the majority of the provisions of the sfdr have applied since march 10, 2021. in addition, beginning january 1, 2023, certain template pre-contractual and periodic disclosures must be provided in a uniform template. there is a risk of inadvertent classification of certain of our products, which could lead to claims by investors for mis-selling and/or regulatory enforcement action, which could result in fines or other regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. in addition, certain requirements (such as making public disclosures on our website concerning the esg features of private funds) might conflict with certain of our other regulatory obligations, such as, for example, limitations on general solicitation applicable to many of our funds. as a consequence, we may be unable to, or make a reasoned decision not to, fully comply with some requirements of these new regimes. this too could lead to regulatory enforcement action with similar consequences. the u.k. is not implementing sfdr but has introduced mandatory disclosure requirements aligned with the task force on climate-related finance disclosures ("tcfd"). in addition, a second layer of u.k. regulation has been proposed that will implement additional disclosure requirements (known as "sdr") and a new "u.k. green taxonomy," which is conceptually similar to but distinct from sfdr and the taxonomy regulation, exacerbating the risks arising from mismatch between the eea and u.k. initiatives. these regimes may impose substantial esg data collection and disclosure obligations on us, which in turn may impose increased compliance burdens and costs for our funds' operations. it is not yet possible to fully assess how our business will be affected as much of the detail surrounding these initiatives is yet to be revealed.
laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds' portfolio companies, both within and outside the u.s., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.
a number of jurisdictions, including the u.s., have restrictions on foreign direct investment pursuant to which their respective heads of state and/or regulatory bodies have the authority to block or impose conditions with respect to certain transactions, such as investments, acquisitions and divestitures, if such transaction threatens to impair national security. in addition, many jurisdictions restrict foreign investment in assets important to national security by taking steps including, but not limited to, placing limitations on foreign equity investment, implementing investment screening or approval mechanisms, and restricting the employment of foreigners as key personnel. these u.s. and foreign laws could limit our funds' ability to invest in certain businesses or entities or impose burdensome notification requirements, operational restrictions or delays in pursuing and consummating transactions. for example, the committee on foreign investment in the united states ("cfius") has the authority to review transactions that could result in potential control of, or certain types of non-controlling investments in, a u.s. business or u.s. real estate by a foreign person. in recent years, legislation has expanded the scope of cfius' jurisdiction to cover more types of transactions and empower cfius to scrutinize more closely investments in certain transactions. cfius may recommend that the president block, unwind or impose conditions or terms on such transactions, certain of which may adversely affect the ability of the fund to execute on its investment strategy with respect to such transaction as well as limit our flexibility in structuring or financing certain transactions. additionally, cfius or any non-u.s. equivalents thereof may seek to impose limitations on one or more such investments that may prevent us from maintaining or pursuing investment opportunities that we otherwise would have maintained or pursued, which could make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain of our funds. in addition, certain senior administration officials have indicated that the current administration is formulating an approach to address outbound investments in sensitive technologies. there is public speculation that this formulation will involve an outbound investment screening mechanism, particularly relating to china and china-adjacent investments, which could further negatively impact our ability to deploy capital in such countries. further, state regulatory agencies may impose restrictions on private funds' investments in certain types of assets, which could affect our funds' ability to find attractive and diversified investments and to complete such investments in a timely manner. for example, california adopted regulations that are scheduled to take effect in april 2024 and would subject certain potential investments in the healthcare sector that transfer a material amount of a healthcare portfolio company's assets or governance to review by a state regulatory agency.
our investments outside of the united states may also face delays, limitations, or restrictions as a result of notifications made under and/or compliance with these legal regimes and rapidly-changing agency practices. other countries continue to establish and/or strengthen their own national security investment clearance regimes, which could have a corresponding effect of limiting our ability to make investments in such countries. heightened scrutiny of foreign direct investment worldwide may also make it more difficult for us to identify suitable buyers for investments upon exit and may constrain the universe of exit opportunities for an investment in a portfolio company. as a result of such regimes, we may incur significant delays and costs, be altogether prohibited from making a particular investment or impede or restrict syndication or sale of certain assets to certain buyers, all of which could adversely affect the performance of our funds and in turn, materially reduce our revenues and cash flow. complying with these laws imposes potentially significant costs and complex additional burdens, and any failure by us or our funds' portfolio companies to comply with them could expose us to significant penalties, sanctions, loss of future investment opportunities, additional regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm.
climate change, climate change-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our businesses and the operations of our funds' portfolio companies, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation.
we, our funds and our funds' portfolio companies face risks associated with climate change including risks related to the impact of climate-and esg-related legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), risks related to business trends related to climate change and technology (such as the process of transitioning to a lower-carbon economy), and risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change.
new climate change-related regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us, our funds and our funds' portfolio companies and materially increase the regulatory burden and cost of compliance. for example, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of esg, and collecting, measuring and reporting esg-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the sec's recently proposed climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. we may also communicate certain climate-related initiatives, commitments and goals in our sec filings or in other disclosures, which subjects us to additional risks, including the risk of being accused of "greenwashing."
certain of our funds' portfolio companies operate in sectors that could face transition risk if carbon-related regulations or taxes are implemented. for certain of our funds' portfolio companies, business trends related to climate change may require capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations. while this can create opportunities, not addressing these changed expectations could create business risks for portfolio companies, which could negatively impact the returns in our funds. further, advances in climate science may change society's understanding of sources and magnitudes of negative effects on climate, which could also negatively impact portfolio company financial performance. further, significant chronic or acute physical effects of climate change including extreme weather events such as hurricanes or floods, can also have an adverse impact on certain of our funds' portfolio companies and investments, especially our real asset investments and portfolio companies that rely on physical factories, plants or stores located in the affected areas, or that focus on tourism or recreational travel. as the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions to increase as well.
in addition, our reputation may be harmed if certain stakeholders, such as our limited partners or stockholders, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our funds' existing portfolios, the new investments made by our funds, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. in addition, we face business trends related to climate change risks, such as, for example, the increased attention to esg considerations by our fund investors, including in connection with their determination of whether to invest in our funds. see "- we are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our brand and reputation."
we are subject to substantial risk of litigation and regulatory proceedings and may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity.
from time to time we, our funds and our funds' portfolio companies have been and may be subject to litigation, including securities class action lawsuits by stockholders, as well as class action lawsuits that challenge our acquisition transactions and/or attempt to enjoin them. please see "item 3. legal proceedings" for a discussion of a certain proceeding to which we are currently a party.
in recent years, the volume of claims and amount of damages claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against the financial services industry in general have been increasing. the investment decisions we make in our asset management business and the activities of our investment professionals (including in connection with portfolio companies and investment advisory activities) may subject us, our funds and our funds' portfolio companies to the risk of third party litigation or regulatory proceedings arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of those investment funds, alleged conflicts of interest, the suitability or manner of distribution of our products, including to retail investors, the activities of our funds' portfolio companies and a variety of other claims.
in addition, to the extent investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates under the federal securities law and/or state law. while the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct.
the activities of our capital markets services business may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, including our clients' stockholders, under securities or other laws in connection with transactions in which we participate.
any private lawsuits or regulatory actions brought against us and resulting in a finding of substantial legal liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. we depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our funds. as a result, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants, regulators, or employees, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities, our lines of business or distribution channels, our workplace environment, or the asset management industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be more damaging to our business than to other types of businesses. the pervasiveness of social media and the internet, coupled with increased public focus on the externalities of business activities, could also lead to faster and wider dissemination of any adverse publicity or inaccurate information about us, making effective remediation more difficult and further magnifying the reputational risks associated with negative publicity.
employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. fraud, deceptive practices or other misconduct at portfolio companies or service providers could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance.
our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. we are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. if our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. detecting or deterring employee misconduct is not always possible, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. in addition, a prolonged period of remote work, such as the one experienced during the covid-19 pandemic, may require us to develop and implement additional precautions in order to detect and prevent employee misconduct. such additional precautions, which may include the implementation of security and other restrictions, may make our systems more difficult and costly to operate and may not be effective in preventing employee misconduct in a remote work environment. if one of our employees were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected.
in recent years, the u.s. department of justice and the sec have devoted greater resources to enforcement of the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"). in addition, the u.k. has also significantly expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws. local jurisdictions, such as brazil, have also brought a greater focus to anti-bribery laws. while we have policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the fcpa, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. any determination that we have violated the fcpa, the u.k. anti-bribery laws or other applicable anti-corruption laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the market value of our common stock.
in addition, we may also be adversely affected if there is misconduct by personnel of our funds' portfolio companies or by such companies' service providers. for example, financial fraud or other deceptive practices at our funds' portfolio companies, or failures by personnel at our funds' portfolio companies to comply with anti-bribery, trade sanctions, anti-harassment, anti-discrimination or other legal and regulatory requirements, could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct and securities litigation, and could also cause significant reputational and business harm to us. such misconduct may undermine our due diligence efforts with respect to such portfolio companies and could negatively affect the valuations of the investments by our funds in such portfolio companies. losses to our funds and us could also result from misconduct or other actions by service providers, such as administrators, consultants or other advisors, if such service providers improperly use or disclose confidential information, misappropriate funds, or violate legal or regulatory obligations. in addition, we may face an increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our investment in non-u.s. markets, particularly emerging markets, increases.
poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow, may obligate us to repay performance allocations previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds.
in the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the performance revenues we earn. moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of our own principal as a result of poor investment performance by our investment funds. furthermore, if, as a result of poor performance of later investments in a carry fund's life, the fund does not achieve certain investment returns for the fund over its life, we will be obligated to repay the amount by which performance allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed the amount to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled. similarly, certain of our vehicles' terms require an offset of performance revenues related to past performance, often referred to as a "recoupment of loss carryforward". if recoupment of loss carryforward is triggered, including as a result of a meaningful decline in the vehicles' revenues following a period of strong performance, such offset would serve to reduce the amount of future performance revenues to which we would be entitled in such vehicle. in the event that the offset is insufficient for the vehicle to fully recoup such loss carryforward, we may be required to make a cash payment after a certain period.
in addition, in most cases, the companies in which our investment funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our investment, which may limit the ability of our investment funds to influence a company's affairs and to take actions to protect their investments during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency.
poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. investors in funds might decline to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. investors and potential investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds' performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds' continued satisfactory performance. accordingly, poor fund performance may deter future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. alternatively, in the face of poor fund performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue.
in addition, from time to time, we may pursue new or different investment strategies and expand into geographic markets and businesses that may not perform as expected and result in poor performance by us and our investment funds. in addition to the risk of poor performance, such activity may subject us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (b) the diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, (c) known or unknown contingent liabilities, which could result in unforeseen losses for us and our funds, (d) the disruption of ongoing businesses and (e) compliance with additional regulatory requirements.
certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses.
because of our various asset management businesses and our capital markets services business, we will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest and subject to greater regulatory oversight and more legal and contractual restrictions than that to which we would otherwise be subject if we had just one line of business. to mitigate these conflicts and address regulatory, legal and contractual requirements across our various businesses, we have implemented certain policies and procedures (for example, information walls) that may
reduce the positive synergies that we cultivate across these businesses for purposes of identifying and managing attractive investments. for example, certain regulatory requirements require us to restrict access by certain personnel in our funds to information about certain transactions or investments being considered or made by those funds. in addition, we may come into possession of confidential or material non-public information with respect to issuers in which we may be considering making an investment or issuers in which our affiliates may hold an interest. as a consequence of such policies and procedures, we may be precluded from providing such information or other ideas to our other businesses even where it might be of benefit to them.
our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in our investment business could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses.
as we have expanded and as we continue to expand the number and scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our funds' investment activities. investment manager conflicts of interest continue to be a significant area of focus for regulators and the media. because of our size and the variety of businesses and investment strategies that we pursue, we may face a higher degree of scrutiny compared with investment managers that are smaller or focus on fewer asset classes. certain of our funds may have overlapping investment objectives, including funds that have different fee structures and/or investment strategies that are more narrowly focused. potential conflicts may arise with respect to allocation of investment opportunities among us, our funds and our affiliates, including to the extent that the fund documents do not mandate a specific investment allocation. for example, we may allocate an investment opportunity that is appropriate for two or more investment funds in a manner that excludes one or more funds or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine, such as sourcing of the transaction, specific nature of the investment or size and type of the investment, among other factors. we may also decide to provide a co-investment opportunity to certain investors in lieu of allocating a piece of the investment to our funds. in addition, the challenge of allocating investment opportunities to certain funds may be exacerbated as we expand our business to include more lines of business, including more public vehicles. allocating investment opportunities appropriately frequently involves significant and subjective judgments. the risk that fund investors or regulators could challenge allocation decisions as inconsistent with our obligations under applicable law, governing fund agreements or our own policies cannot be eliminated. in addition, the perception of non-compliance with such requirements or policies could harm our reputation with fund investors.
we may also cause different funds to invest in a single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. we may also cause different funds that we manage to purchase different classes of securities in the same portfolio company. for example, one of our clo funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. a direct conflict of interest could arise between the debt holders and the equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and we would have to carefully manage that conflict. a decision to acquire material non-public information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of other funds to take any action with respect to that company. our affiliates or portfolio companies may be service providers or counterparties to our funds or portfolio companies and receive fees or other compensation for services that are not shared with our fund investors. in such instances, we may be incentivized to cause our funds or portfolio companies to purchase such services from our affiliates or portfolio companies rather than an unaffiliated service provider despite the fact that a third party service provider could potentially provide higher quality services or offer them at a lower cost. in addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our investments, as well as the personal trading of employees and the allocation of fees and expenses among us, our funds and their portfolio companies, and our affiliates. lastly, in certain, infrequent instances we may purchase an investment alongside one of our investment funds or sell an investment to one of our investment funds and conflicts may arise in respect of the allocation, pricing and timing of such investments and the ultimate disposition of such investments. a failure to appropriately deal with these, among other, conflicts, could negatively impact our
reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation or regulatory action against us. further, any steps taken by the sec to preclude or limit certain conflicts of interest may make it more difficult for our funds to pursue transactions that may otherwise be attractive to the fund and its investors, which may adversely impact fund performance.
conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of co-investment opportunities.
potential conflicts will arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate co-investment opportunities among investors and the terms of any such co-investments. as a general matter, our allocation of co-investment opportunities is within our discretion and there can be no assurance that co-investment opportunities of any particular type or amount will become available to any of our investors. we may take into account a variety of factors and considerations we deem relevant in allocating co-investment opportunities, including, without limitation, whether a potential co-investor has expressed an interest in evaluating co-investment opportunities, our assessment of a potential co-investor's ability to invest an amount of capital that fits the needs of the investment and our assessment of a potential co-investor's ability to commit to a co-investment opportunity within the required timeframe of the particular transaction.
our fund documents typically do not mandate specific allocations with respect to co-investments. the investment advisers of our funds may have an incentive to provide potential co-investment opportunities to certain investors in lieu of others and/or in lieu of an allocation to our funds, including, for example, as part of an investor's overall strategic relationship with us, or if such allocations are expected to generate relatively greater fees or performance allocations to us than would arise if such co-investment opportunities were allocated otherwise. co-investment arrangements may be structured through one or more of our investment vehicles, and in such circumstances co-investors will generally bear the costs and expenses thereof (which may lead to conflicts of interest regarding the allocation of costs and expenses between such co-investors and investors in our funds). the terms of any such existing and future co-investment vehicles may differ materially, and in some instances may be more favorable to us, than the terms of certain of our funds or prior co-investment vehicles, and such different terms may create an incentive for us to allocate a greater or lesser percentage of an investment opportunity to such co-investment vehicles. there can be no assurance that any conflicts of interest will be resolved in favor of any particular investment funds or investors (including any applicable co-investors).
valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be subject to a significant degree of subjectivity and judgment, and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds and the reduction of management fees and/or performance revenues.
our investment funds make investments in illiquid investments or financial instruments for which there is little, if any, market activity. we determine the value of such investments and financial instruments on at least a quarterly basis based on the fair value of such investments as determined in accordance with gaap. the fair value of such investments and financial instruments is generally determined using a primary methodology and corroborated by a secondary methodology. methodologies are used on a consistent basis and described in blackstone's and the investment funds' valuation policies.
the determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including, but not limited to, the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. these valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. for example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology or derive a different value than the other sponsor on the same investment. in addition, the valuations of our private investments may at times differ significantly from the valuations of publicly traded companies in similar sectors or with similar business models.
for example, valuations of our private investments do not have an observable market price and may take into account certain long-term financial projections, including those prepared by the management of a portfolio company or other investment. such projections are based on significant judgments and assumptions at the time they are developed and may not be available to the public. valuations of publicly traded companies, on the other hand, are based on the observable price in the reference market which are generally subject to a higher degree of market volatility. these differences might cause some investors and/or regulators to question our valuations. in addition, variation in the underlying assumptions, estimates, methodologies and/or judgments we use in the determination of the value of certain investments and financial instruments could potentially produce materially different results. see "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation - critical accounting policies" for an overview of our fair value policy and the significant judgment required in the application thereof.
because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund's net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. realizations at values lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in reduced gains or losses for the applicable fund, a decline in certain asset management fees and the reduction in potential performance revenues. changes in values of investments from quarter to quarter may result in volatility in our investment funds' net asset value, our investment in, or fees from, those funds and the results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. further, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which would in turn result in difficulty in raising additional funds or redemptions from funds where investors hold redemption rights.
if we were unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities, acquisitions or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully.
our growth strategy is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. the success of this strategy will depend on, among other things: (a) the availability of suitable opportunities, (b) the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial resources, (c) our ability to value potential development or acquisition opportunities accurately and negotiate acceptable terms for those opportunities, (d) our ability to obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities and to comply with applicable laws and regulations without incurring undue costs and delays and (e) our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses. if we are not successful in implementing our growth strategy, our business, financial results and the market price for our common stock may be adversely affected.
our use of borrowings to finance our business exposes us to risks.
we use borrowings to finance our business operations as a public company. we have numerous outstanding notes with various maturity dates as well as a revolving credit facility that matures on june 3, 2027. see "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - sources and uses of liquidity" for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings. as borrowings under the credit facility and our outstanding notes mature, we will be required to refinance or repay such borrowings. in order to do so, we may enter into a new facility or issue new notes, each of which could result in higher borrowing costs. we may also issue equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. further, we may choose to repay such borrowings using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, each of which could reduce the amount of cash available to facilitate the growth and expansion
of our businesses, make repurchase under our share repurchase program and pay dividends to our stockholders, operating expenses and other obligations as they arise. in order to obtain new borrowings, or to extend or refinance existing borrowings, we are dependent on the willingness and ability of financial institutions such as global banks to extend credit to us on favorable terms, and on our ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, which can be volatile. there is no guarantee that such financial institutions will continue to extend credit to us or that we will be able to access the capital markets to obtain new borrowings or refinance existing borrowings when they mature. in addition, the use of leverage to finance our business exposes us to the types of risk described in "- dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments."
interest rates on our and our funds' portfolio companies' outstanding financial instruments might be subject to change based on regulatory developments, which could adversely affect our revenue, expenses and the value of those financial instruments.
the london interbank offered rate ("libor") and certain other floating rate benchmark indices, including, without limitation, the euro interbank offered rate, tokyo interbank offered rate, hong kong interbank offered rate and singapore interbank offered rate (collectively, "ibors") have been the subject of national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. the fca, which regulates libor, has ceased publication of the one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor and is expected to cease publication of the remaining tenors in 2023. the fca has also proposed potentially continuing to require the publishing of one-, three- and six-month libor on a synthetic basis through the end of september 2024. additionally, the federal reserve board has advised banks to stop entering into new u.s. dollar libor based contracts.
the federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of large u.s. financial institutions, identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"), an index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for libor. at this time, there remains uncertainty regarding how markets will respond to sofr or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the ibor benchmarks progresses and there remains some uncertainty as to what methods of calculating a replacement benchmark will be established or adopted generally, or whether different industry bodies, such as the loan market and the derivatives market, will adopt the same methodologies. in addition, as part of the transition to a replacement benchmark, parties may seek to adjust the spreads relative to such benchmarks in underlying contractual arrangements. as a result, interest rates on our clos and other financial instruments tied to ibor rates, including those where blackstone or its funds are exposed as lender or borrower, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. for example, if lenders demand increases to credit spreads in order to migrate to alternative rates due to structural differences in the reference rates, this could increase our, our funds' portfolio companies' and/or our funds' interest expense and cost of capital.
further, any uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of any ibor as a benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the value of our and our funds' portfolio companies' financial instruments tied to such rates. there is no guarantee that a transition from any ibor to an alternative will not result in financial market disruptions or a significant increase in volatility in risk free benchmark rates or borrowing costs to borrowers. although we have been proactively negotiating provisions in our funds' portfolio companies' and lending businesses' recent debt agreements to provide additional flexibility to address the transition away from ibor, there is no assurance that we will be able to adequately minimize the risk of disruption from the discontinuation of ibor or other changes to benchmark indices.
in addition, meaningful time and effort is required to transition to the use of new benchmark rates, including with respect to the negotiation and implementation of any necessary changes to existing contractual arrangements and the implementation of changes to our systems and processes. negotiating and implementing necessary amendments to our existing contractual arrangements may be particularly costly and time-consuming. we are actively managing transition efforts accordingly.
the historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in common stock.
the historical and potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common stock. therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common stock. however, poor performance of the investment funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the returns on an investment in our common stock. moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our investment funds:
•   we may create new funds in the future that reflect a different asset mix and different investment strategies (including funds whose management fees represent a more significant proportion of the fees than has historically been the case), as well as a varied geographic and industry exposure as compared to our present funds, and any such new funds could have different returns from our existing or previous funds,
•   the rates of returns of our carry funds reflect unrealized gains as of the applicable measurement date that may never be realized, which may adversely affect the ultimate value realized from those funds' investments,
•   competition for investment opportunities resulting from, among other things, the increased amount of capital invested in alternative investment funds continues to increase,
•   our investment funds' returns in some years benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves, our current or future investment funds might not be able to avail themselves of comparable investment opportunities or market conditions, and the circumstances under which our current or future funds may make future investments may differ significantly from those conditions prevailing in the past,
•   newly established funds may generate lower returns during the period in which they initially deploy their capital, and
•   the rates of return reflect our historical cost structure, which may vary in the future due to various factors enumerated elsewhere in this report and other factors beyond our control, including changes in laws.
the future internal rate of return for any current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical internal rate of return generated by any particular fund, or for our funds as a whole. in addition, future returns will be affected by the applicable risks described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests.
dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.
many of our funds' investments rely heavily on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. for example, in many private equity and real estate investments, indebtedness may constitute as much as 70% or more of a portfolio company's or real estate asset's total debt and equity capitalization, including debt that may be incurred in connection with the investment. the absence of available sources of sufficient senior debt financing for extended periods of time could therefore materially and adversely affect our private equity and real estate businesses. in addition, in march 2013, the federal reserve board and other u.s. federal banking agencies issued updated leveraged lending guidance covering transactions characterized by a degree of financial leverage. such guidance may limit the amount or cost of financing we are able to obtain for our transactions, and as a result, the
returns on our investments may suffer. however, the status of the 2013 leveraged lending guidance remains uncertain following a determination by the government accountability office in october 2017 that resulted in such guidance being required to be submitted to u.s. congress for review. the possibility exists that, under the current administration, the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies could apply the leveraged lending guidance in its current form, or implement a revised or new rule that limits leveraged lending. such regulatory action could limit the amount of funding and increase the cost of financing available for leveraged loan borrowers such as blackstone tactical opportunities and our corporate private equity business overall. furthermore, limits on the deductibility of corporate interest expense could make it more costly to use debt financing for our acquisitions or otherwise have an adverse impact on the cost structure of our transactions, and could therefore adversely affect the returns on our funds' investments. see "- changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability."
in addition, an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those businesses' investments. see "- high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions could negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access the capital markets on attractive terms, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income."
investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. the incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other things:
•   give rise to an obligation to make mandatory pre-payments of debt using excess cash flow, which might limit the entity's ability to respond to changing industry conditions to the extent additional cash is needed for the response, to make unplanned but necessary capital expenditures or to take advantage of growth opportunities,
•   limit the entity's ability to adjust to changing market conditions, thereby placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have relatively less debt,
•   allow even moderate reductions in operating cash flow to render it unable to service its indebtedness, leading to a bankruptcy or other reorganization of the entity and a loss of part or all of the equity investment in it,
•   limit the entity's ability to engage in strategic acquisitions that might be necessary to generate attractive returns or further growth, and
•   limit the entity's ability to obtain additional financing or increase the cost of obtaining such financing, including for capital expenditures, working capital or general corporate purposes.
as a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt. for example, many investments consummated by private equity sponsors during 2005, 2006 and 2007 that utilized significant amounts of leverage subsequently experienced severe economic stress and, in certain cases, defaulted on their debt obligations due to a decrease in revenues and cash flow precipitated by the subsequent economic downturn during 2008 and 2009.
when our funds' existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments matures in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. if a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when
significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private equity and real estate funds' existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected.
many of the hedge funds in which our funds of hedge funds invest and our credit-focused funds, or clos, may choose to use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and regularly borrow a substantial amount of their capital. the use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. a fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry securities or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. the interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost - and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated - in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities. gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the fund's net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. however, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund's net asset value could also decrease faster than if there had been no borrowings.
any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
the due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments by our investment funds may not reveal all facts and issues that may be relevant in connection with an investment.
when evaluating a potential business or asset for investment, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to such investment. when conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex issues, including but not limited to those related to business, financial, credit risk, tax, accounting, esg, legal and regulatory and macroeconomic trends. with respect to esg, the nature and scope of our diligence will vary based on the investment, but may include a review of, among other things: energy management, air and water pollution, land contamination, diversity, human rights, employee health and safety, accounting standards and bribery and corruption. selecting and evaluating esg factors is subjective by nature, and there is no guarantee that the criteria utilized or judgment exercised by blackstone or a third-party esg specialist (if any) will reflect the beliefs, values, internal policies or preferred practices of any particular investor or align with the beliefs, values or preferred practices of other asset managers or with market trends. the materiality of esg risks and impacts on an individual potential investment or portfolio as a whole depend on many factors, including the relevant industry, country, asset class and investment style. outside consultants, legal advisers, accountants and investment banks may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment. the due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) or risks that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity and we may not identify or foresee future developments that could have a material adverse effect on an investment, including, for example, potential factors, such as technological disruption of a specific company or asset, or an entire industry.
further, some matters covered by our diligence, such as esg, are continuously evolving and we may not accurately or fully anticipate such evolution. for instance, our esg framework does not represent a universally recognized standard for assessing esg considerations as there are different frameworks and methodologies being implemented by other asset managers, in addition to numerous international initiatives on the subject. for example, recent amendments under aifmd require us to identify, measure, manage and monitor sustainability risks relevant to the funds managed by our eu aifms and take into account sustainability risks when performing investment due diligence. such requirements may make our funds less attractive to investors, and any non-compliance with such requirements may subject us to regulatory action. in addition, when conducting due diligence on investments, including with respect to investments made by our funds of hedge funds in third party hedge funds, we rely on the resources available to us and information supplied by third parties, including information provided by the target of the investment (or, in the case of investments in a third party hedge fund,
information provided by such hedge fund or its service providers). the information we receive from third parties may not be accurate or complete and therefore we may not have all the relevant facts and information necessary to properly assess and monitor our funds' investment.
we and our affiliates from time to time are required to report specified dealings or transactions involving iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities.
the iran threat reduction and syria human rights act of 2012 ("itra") requires companies subject to sec reporting obligations under section 13 of the exchange act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain ofac sanctions, including, by way of example, the russian federal security service, engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. in some cases, itra requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under u.s. law. companies that currently may be or may have been at the time considered our affiliates have from time to time publicly filed and/or provided to us the disclosures reproduced on exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly reports as well as exhibit 99.1 of this report, which disclosure is hereby incorporated by reference herein. we do not independently verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. we are required to separately file with the sec a notice when such activities have been disclosed in this report, and the sec is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the president and certain u.s. congressional committees. the president thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation, determine whether sanctions should be imposed. disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business, and any failure to disclose any such activities as required could additionally result in fines or penalties.
our asset management activities involve investments in relatively illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time.
many of our investment funds invest in securities that are not publicly traded. in many cases, our investment funds may be prohibited by contract or by applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. our investment funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration is available. the ability of many of our investment funds, particularly our private equity funds, to dispose of investments is heavily dependent on the public equity markets. for example, the ability to realize any value from an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held. even if the securities are publicly traded, large holdings of securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial length of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the intended disposition period. moreover, because the investment strategy of many of our funds, particularly our private equity and real estate funds, often entails our having representation on our funds' public portfolio company boards, our funds may be restricted in their ability to effect such sales during certain time periods. accordingly, under certain conditions, our investment funds may be forced to either sell securities at lower prices than they had expected to realize or defer - potentially for a considerable period of time - sales that they had planned to make.
we make investments in companies that are based outside of the united states, which may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the united states.
many of our investment funds generally invest a significant portion of their assets in the equity, debt, loans or other securities of issuers located outside the united states. international investments have increased and we expect will continue to increase as a proportion of certain of our funds' portfolios in the future. investments in non-u.s. securities involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in u.s. securities, including risks relating to:
•   currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another,
•   less developed or efficient financial markets than in the united states, which may lead to potential price volatility and relative illiquidity,
•   the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision and regulation,
•   changes in laws or clarifications to existing laws that could impact our tax treaty positions, which could adversely impact the returns on our investments,
•   a less developed legal or regulatory environment, differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance,
•   heightened exposure to corruption risk in non-u.s. markets,
•   political hostility to investments by foreign or private equity investors,
•   reliance on a more limited number of commodity inputs, service providers and/or distribution mechanisms,
•   higher transaction costs,
•   difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations,
•   fewer investor protections and less publicly available information in respect of companies in non-u.s. markets,
•   certain economic and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on our non-u.s. investments and repatriation of profits on investments or of capital invested, the risks of war, political, economic or social instability, the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse economic and political developments, and
•   the possible imposition of non-u.s. taxes or withholding on income and gains recognized with respect to such securities.
in addition, investments in companies that are based outside of the united states may be negatively impacted by restrictions on international trade or the recent or potential further imposition of tariffs. see "- trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds' portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds' portfolio companies."
there can be no assurance that adverse developments with respect to such risks will not adversely affect our assets that are held in certain countries or the returns from these assets.
we may not have sufficient cash to pay back "clawback" obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.
in certain circumstances, at the end of the life of a carry fund (and earlier with respect to certain of our funds), we may be obligated to repay the amount by which performance allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed the amounts to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled on an after-tax basis. this includes situations in which the general partner receives in excess of the relevant performance allocations applicable to the fund as applied to the fund's cumulative net profits over the life of the fund or, in some cases, the fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold. this obligation is known as a "clawback" obligation and is an obligation of any person who received such performance allocations, including us and other participants in our performance allocations plans. although a portion of any dividends by us to our stockholders may include any performance allocations received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback
obligation by seeking to have our stockholders return any portion of such dividends attributable to performance allocations associated with any clawback obligation. to the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, our board of directors may determine to decrease the amount of our dividends to our stockholders. the clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund's own net investment performance only and performance of other funds are not netted for determining this contingent obligation.
adverse economic conditions may increase the likelihood that one or more of our carry funds may be subject to clawback obligations. to the extent one or more clawback obligations were to occur for any one or more carry funds, we might not have available cash at the time such clawback obligation is triggered to repay the performance allocations and satisfy such obligation. if we were unable to repay such performance allocations, we would be in breach of the governing agreements with our investors and could be subject to liability. moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of performance allocations (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in such performance allocations plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an additional 50-70% beyond our pro-rata share of such obligations) beyond what we actually received in performance allocations, although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those performance allocations recipients who fail to fund their obligations.
investors in a number of our vehicles, including our hedge funds and certain of our open-ended funds and perpetual capital vehicles, may withdraw their investments in these vehicles. in addition, the investment management agreements related to our separately managed accounts may permit the investor to withdraw capital or terminate our management of such account. lastly, investors in certain of our other investment funds have the right to cause these investment funds to be dissolved. any of these events would lead to a decrease in our revenues, which could be substantial.
we have a number of vehicles that permit investors in such vehicles to withdraw their investments and/or terminate our management of such capital, as applicable and in certain cases, subject to certain limitations. investors in our hedge funds may generally redeem their investments on a periodic basis following, in certain cases, the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn, subject to the applicable fund's specific redemption provisions. in addition, in certain other open-ended and/or perpetual capital vehicles, including core+ real estate, certain real estate debt funds, breit and bcred, investors may request redemptions or repurchases of their interests on a periodic basis, subject to certain limitations. in a declining market, our liquid or semi-liquid vehicles have and may continue to experience declines in value, and the pace of redemptions and consequent reduction in our assets under management could accelerate. such declines in value may be both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. additional factors that could result in investors leaving our funds include changes in interest rates that make other investments more attractive, changes in or rebalancing due to investors' asset allocation policy, changes in investor perception regarding our focus or alignment of interest, unhappiness with a fund's performance or investment strategy, changes in our reputation, departures or changes in responsibilities of key investment professionals, and performance and liquidity needs of fund investors. the decrease in revenues that would result from significant redemptions from our funds or other similar investment vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, net income and cash flows.
to the extent appropriate and permissible under a vehicle's constituent documents, we have previously and may in the future limit redemptions or repurchases in such vehicle for a period of time. this may subject us to reputational harm, make such vehicles less attractive to investors in the future and negatively impact future subscriptions to such vehicles. this could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows of such vehicles, which may in turn negatively impact the revenues we derive from such vehicles. the decrease in revenues that would result from significant redemptions in our hedge funds or other open-ended or perpetual capital vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, net income and cash flows.
in addition, we currently manage a significant portion of investor assets through separately managed accounts whereby we earn management and/or incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. the investment management agreements we enter into in connection with managing separately managed accounts on behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days' prior written notice. in addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we manage could terminate our advisory engagement of those companies, on as little as 30 days' prior written notice. in the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or company would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues.
the governing agreements of most of our investment funds (with the exception of certain of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain credit-focused and real estate debt funds, and other funds or separately managed accounts for the benefit of one or more specified investors) provide that, subject to certain conditions, third party investors in those funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination date of the investment fund without cause by a majority or supermajority vote, resulting in a reduction in management fees we would earn from such investment funds and a significant reduction in the amounts of performance revenues from those funds. performance revenues could be significantly reduced as a result of our inability to maximize the value of investments by an investment fund during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a "clawback" obligation or a recoupment of loss carry forward amounts. in addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain "key persons" in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an investor-by-investor basis, or the fund's investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote of investors is required to restart it. in addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such fund. in addition to having a significant negative impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of our investment funds would likely result in significant reputational damage to us.
in addition, because all of our investment funds have advisers that are registered under the advisers act, an "assignment" of the management agreements of all of our investment funds (which may be deemed to occur in the event these advisers were to experience a change of control) would generally be prohibited without investor consent. we cannot be certain that consents required for assignments of our investment management agreements will be obtained if a change of control occurs, which could result in the termination of such agreements. in addition, with respect to our 1940 act registered funds, each investment fund's investment management agreement must be approved annually by the independent members of such investment fund's board of directors and, in certain cases, by its stockholders, as required by law. termination of these agreements would cause us to lose the fees we earn from such investment funds.
third party investors in our investment funds with commitment-based structures may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us, which could adversely affect a fund's operations and performance.
investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our hedge funds) make capital commitments to those funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. we depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations (for example, management fees) when due. a default by an investor may also limit a fund's availability to incur borrowings and avail itself of what would otherwise have been available credit. we have not had investors fail to honor capital calls to any meaningful extent. any investor that did not fund a capital call would generally be subject to several possible penalties, including having a significant amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. however, the impact of the forfeiture penalty is directly correlated to
the amount of capital previously invested by the investor in the fund and if an investor has invested little or no capital, for instance early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may not be as meaningful. third party investors in private equity, real estate and venture capital funds typically use distributions from prior investments to meet future capital calls. in cases where valuations of investors' existing investments fall and the pace of distributions slows, investors may be unable to make new commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those advised by us. if investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be materially and adversely affected.
risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our funds' investments.
when managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our funds) from time to time use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. the success of any hedging or other derivatives transactions generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument, the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors. as a result, while we may enter into a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the transaction may result in poorer overall investment performance than if it had not been executed. such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases.
while such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may entail certain other risks. these arrangements may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices that do not reflect their underlying value. moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, that reduce the returns generated by a fund.
finally, the cftc may in the future require certain foreign exchange products to be subject to mandatory clearing, which could increase the cost of entering into currency hedges.
our real estate funds are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate.
investments by our real estate funds will be subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets. such investments are subject to the potential for deterioration of real estate fundamentals and the risk of adverse changes in local market and economic conditions, which may include changes in supply of and demand for competing properties in an area, changes in interest rates and related increases in borrowing costs, fluctuations in the average occupancy and room rates for hotel properties, changes in demand for commercial office properties (including as a result of an increased prevalence of remote work), changes in the financial resources of tenants, defaults by borrowers or tenants, depressed travel activity, and the lack of availability of mortgage funds, which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable. in addition, investments in real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets may be subject to the risk of environmental liabilities, contingent liabilities upon disposition of assets, casualty or condemnations losses, energy and supply shortages, natural disasters, climate change related risks (including climate- related transition risks and acute and chronic physical risks), acts of god, terrorist attacks, war and other events that are beyond our control, and various uninsured or uninsurable risks. further, investments in real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets are subject to changes in law and regulation, including in respect of building, environmental and zoning laws, rent control and other regulations impacting our residential real estate investments and changes to tax laws and regulations, including real property and income tax rates and the taxation of business entities and the deductibility of corporate interest expense. for example, we have seen an increasing focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in
certain markets in the u.s. and europe, which may contribute to adverse operating performance in certain parts of our residential real estate portfolio, including by moderating rent growth in certain geographies and markets. in addition, if our real estate funds acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, which may often be non-income producing, they will be subject to the risks normally associated with such assets and development activities, including risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory or environmental approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks beyond the control of our fund, such as weather or labor conditions or material shortages) and the availability of both construction and permanent financing on favorable terms.
certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. such investments are subject to a greater risk of poor performance or loss.
certain of our investment funds, especially our credit-focused funds, may invest in business enterprises involved in work-outs, liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions and may purchase high-risk receivables. an investment in such business enterprises entails the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise is involved either will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the fund of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which such distribution is received. in addition, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, the fund may be required to sell its investment at a loss. investments in troubled companies may also be adversely affected by u.s. federal and state laws relating to, among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court's discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims. investments in securities and private claims of troubled companies made in connection with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in a bankruptcy case may also involve substantial litigation. because there is substantial uncertainty concerning the outcome of transactions involving financially troubled companies, there is a potential risk of loss by a fund of its entire investment in such company. moreover, a major economic recession could have a materially adverse impact on the value of such securities. adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may also decrease the value and liquidity of securities rated below investment grade or otherwise adversely affect our reputation.
in addition, at least one federal circuit court has determined that an investment fund could be liable for erisa title iv pension obligations (including withdrawal liability incurred with respect to union multiemployer plans) of its portfolio companies, if such fund is a "trade or business" and the fund's ownership interest in the portfolio company is significant enough to bring the investment fund within the portfolio company's "controlled group." while a number of cases have held that managing investments is not a "trade or business" for tax purposes, the circuit court in this case concluded the investment fund could be a "trade or business" for erisa purposes based on certain factors, including the fund's level of involvement in the management of its portfolio companies and the nature of its management fee arrangements. litigation related to the circuit court's decision suggests that additional factors may be relevant for purposes of determining whether an investment fund could face "controlled group" liability under erisa, including the structure of the investment and the nature of the fund's relationship with other affiliated investors and co-investors in the portfolio company. moreover, regardless of whether an investment fund is determined to be a "trade or business" for purposes of erisa, a court might hold that one of the fund's portfolio companies could become jointly and severally liable for another portfolio company's unfunded pension liabilities pursuant to the erisa "controlled group" rules, depending upon the relevant investment structures and ownership interests as noted above.
investments in energy, manufacturing, infrastructure, real estate and certain other assets may expose us to increased environmental liabilities that are inherent in the ownership of real assets.
ownership of real assets in our funds or vehicles may increase our risk of direct and/or indirect liability under environmental laws that impose, regardless of fault, joint and several liability for the cost of remediating contamination and compensation for damages. in addition, changes in environmental laws or regulations (including climate change initiatives) or the environmental condition of an investment may create liabilities that did not exist at the time of acquisition. even in cases where we are indemnified by a seller against liabilities arising out of violations of environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance as to the financial viability of the seller to satisfy such indemnities or our ability to achieve enforcement of such indemnities. see "- climate change, climate change- related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our businesses and the operations of our funds' portfolio companies, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation."
investments by our funds in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks.
the development, operation and maintenance of power and energy generation facilities involves many risks, including, as applicable, labor issues, start-up risks, breakdown or failure of facilities, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities and the dependence on a specific fuel source. power and energy generation facilities in which our funds invest are also subject to risks associated with volatility in the price of fuel sources and the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural events, such as droughts, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability. the occurrence of any such items could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. in turn, such developments could impair a portfolio company's ability to repay its debt or conduct its operations. we may also choose or be required to decommission a power generation facility or other asset. the decommissioning process could be protracted and result in the incurrence of significant financial and/or regulatory obligations or other uncertainties.
our power and energy sector portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure businesses. such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. delays in the completion of any power project may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio company.
the power and energy sectors are the subject of substantial and complex laws, rules and regulation by various federal and state regulatory agencies. failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in the prevention of operation of certain facilities or the prevention of the sale of such a facility to a third party, as well as the loss of certain rate authority, refund liability, penalties and other remedies, all of which could result in additional costs to a portfolio company and adversely affect the investment results. in addition, the increased scrutiny placed by regulators, elected officials and certain investors with respect to the incorporation of esg factors in the investment process and the impact of certain investments made by our energy funds has negatively impacted and is likely to continue to negatively impact our ability to exit certain of our traditional energy investments on favorable terms. the current administration has focused on climate change policies and has re-joined the paris agreement, which includes commitments from countries to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, among other commitments. executive orders signed by the president placed a temporary moratorium on new oil and gas leasing on public lands and offshore waters. legislative efforts by the administration or the u.s. congress to place additional limitations on coal and gas electric generation, mining and/or exploration could adversely affect our traditional energy investments. conversely, certain investors have raised concerns as to whether the incorporation of esg factors in the investment and portfolio management process may be inconsistent with the fiduciary duty to maximize returns for investors, which may result in such investors calling into question certain non-traditional energy investments made by our energy funds.
in addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas and other commodities. oil and natural gas prices are subject to wide fluctuation in response to factors beyond the control of us or our funds' portfolio companies, including relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, the level of consumer product demand, weather conditions, climate change initiatives, governmental regulation (including with respect to trade and economic sanctions), the price and availability of alternative fuels, political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, foreign supply of such commodities and overall domestic and foreign economic conditions. these factors make it difficult to predict future commodity price movements with any certainty.
our investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets.
investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. for example,
•   ownership of infrastructure assets may present risk of liability for personal and property injury or impose significant operating challenges and costs with respect to, for example, compliance with zoning, environmental or other applicable laws.
•   infrastructure asset investments may face construction risks including, without limitation: (a) labor disputes, shortages of material and skilled labor, or work stoppages, (b) slower than projected construction progress and the unavailability or late delivery of necessary equipment, (c) less than optimal coordination with public utilities in the relocation of their facilities, (d) adverse weather conditions and unexpected construction conditions, (e) accidents or the breakdown or failure of construction equipment or processes, and (f) catastrophic events such as explosions, fires, terrorist activities and other similar events. these risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses (which may exceed expected or forecasted budgets) and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. certain infrastructure asset investments may remain in construction phases for a prolonged period and, accordingly, may not be cash generative for a prolonged period. recourse against the contractor may be subject to liability caps or may be subject to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor.
•   the operation of infrastructure assets is exposed to potential unplanned interruptions caused by significant catastrophic or force majeure events. these risks could, among other effects, adversely impact the cash flows available from investments in infrastructure assets, cause personal injury or loss of life, damage property, or instigate disruptions of service. in addition, the cost of repairing or replacing damaged assets could be considerable. repeated or prolonged service interruptions may result in permanent loss of customers, litigation, or penalties for regulatory or contractual non-compliance. force majeure events that are incapable of, or too costly to, cure may also have a permanent adverse effect on an investment.
•   the management of the business or operations of an infrastructure asset may be contracted to a third party management company unaffiliated with us. although it would be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties or to act in ways that are in our best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and regulations, could have an adverse effect on the investment's financial condition or results of operations. infrastructure investments may involve the subcontracting of design and construction activities in respect of projects, and as a result our investments are subject to the risks that contractual provisions passing liabilities to a subcontractor could be ineffective, the subcontractor fails to perform services which it has agreed to perform and the subcontractor becomes insolvent.
infrastructure investments often involve an ongoing commitment to a municipal, state, federal or foreign government or regulatory agencies. the nature of these obligations exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. infrastructure investments may require operators to manage such investments and such operators' failure to comply with laws, including prohibitions against bribing of government officials, may adversely affect the value of such investments and cause us serious reputational and legal harm. revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties, and are consequently subject to counterparty default risk. the operations and cash flow of infrastructure investments are also more sensitive to inflation and, in certain cases, commodity price risk. furthermore, services provided by infrastructure investments may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. similarly, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments.
our investments in the life sciences industry may expose us to increased risks.
investments by bxls may expose us to increased risks. for example,
•   bxls's strategies include, among others, investments that are referred to as "corporate partnership" transactions. corporate partnership transactions are risk-sharing collaborations with biopharmaceutical and medical device partners on drug and medical device development programs and investments in royalty streams of pre-commercial biopharmaceutical products. bxls's ability to source corporate partnership transactions has been, and will continue to be, in part dependent on the ability of special purpose development companies to identify, diligence, negotiate and in many cases, take the lead in executing the agreed development plans with respect to, a corporate partnership transaction. moreover, as such special purpose development companies are jointly owned by us or our affiliates and unaffiliated life sciences investors, we (and our funds) are not the sole beneficiaries of such sourcing strategies and capabilities of such special purpose development companies. in addition, payments to bxls under such corporate partnerships (which can include future royalty or other milestone-based payments) are often contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones, including approvals of the applicable product candidate and/or product sales thresholds, over which bxls may not have the ability to exercise meaningful control.
•   life sciences and healthcare companies are subject to extensive regulation by the u.s. food and drug administration, similar foreign regulatory authorities and, to a lesser extent, other federal and state agencies. these companies are subject to the expense, delay and uncertainty of the product approval process, and there can be no guarantee that a particular product candidate will obtain regulatory approval. in addition, the current regulatory framework may change or additional regulations may arise at any stage during the product development phase of an investment, which may delay or prevent regulatory approval or impact applicable exclusivity periods. if a company in which our funds are invested is unable to obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, or a product candidate in which our funds are invested does not obtain regulatory approval, in a timely fashion or at all, the value of our investment would be adversely impacted. in addition, in connection with certain corporate partnership transactions, our special purpose development companies will be contractually obligated to run clinical trials. further, a clinical trial (including enrollment therein) or regulatory approval process for pharmaceuticals has and may in the future be delayed, otherwise hindered or abandoned as a result of epidemics (including covid-19), which could have a negative impact on the ability of the investment to engage in trials or receive approvals, and thereby could adversely affect the performance of the investment. in the event such clinical trials do not comply with the complicated regulatory requirements applicable thereto, such special purpose development companies may be subject to regulatory actions.
•   intellectual property often constitutes an important part of a life sciences company's assets and competitive strengths, particularly for royalty monetization transactions. to the extent such companies' intellectual property positions with respect to products in which bxls invests, whether through a royalty monetization or otherwise, are challenged, invalidated or circumvented, the value of bxls's investment may be impaired. the success of a life sciences investment depends in part on the ability of the biopharmaceutical or medical device companies in whose products bxls invests to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of such products. the patent positions of such companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions.
•   the commercial success of products could be compromised if governmental or third party payers do not provide coverage and reimbursement, breach, rescind or modify their contracts or reimbursement policies or delay payments for such products. in both the u.s. and foreign markets, the successful sale of a life sciences company's product depends on the ability to obtain and maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement from third party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance plans. governments and third party payers continue to pursue aggressive initiatives to contain costs and manage drug utilization and are increasingly focused on the effectiveness, benefits and costs of similar treatments, which could result in lower reimbursement rates and narrower populations for whom the products in which bxls invests will be reimbursed by payers. for example, in the u.s., federal legislation has passed that modifies coverage, reimbursement and pricing policies for certain products. although certain components of such legislation have yet to be implemented or defined by regulatory agencies, such legislation may result in the unavailability of adequate third party payer reimbursement to enable bxls to realize an appropriate return on its investment.
our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time.
our funds may make investments of which they do not advantageously dispose of prior to the date the applicable fund is dissolved, either by expiration of such fund's term or otherwise. although we generally expect that our funds will dispose of investments prior to dissolution or that investments will be suitable for in-kind distribution at dissolution, we may not be able to do so. the general partners of our funds have only a limited ability to extend the term of the fund with the consent of fund investors or the advisory board of the fund, as applicable, and therefore, we may be required to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time prior to dissolution. this would result in a lower than expected return on the investments and, perhaps, on the fund itself.
hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.
investments by our funds of hedge funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused, real estate debt and other hedge funds and similar products, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following:
•   certain of the funds in which we invest are newly established funds without any operating history or are managed by management companies or general partners who may not have as significant track records as a more established manager.
•   generally, the execution of third-party hedge funds' investment strategies is subject to the sole discretion of the management company or the general partner of such funds. as a result, we do not have the ability to control the investment activities of such funds, including with respect to the selection of investment opportunities, any deviation from stated or expected investment strategy, the liquidation of positions and the use of leverage to finance the purchase of investments, each of which may impact our ability to generate a successful return on our investment in such underlying fund.
•   hedge funds may engage in speculative trading strategies, including short selling, which is subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss because there is no limit on how much the price of a security may appreciate before the short position is closed out. a fund may be subject to losses if a security lender demands return of the lent securities and an alternative lending source cannot be found or if the fund is otherwise unable to borrow securities that are necessary to hedge or cover its positions.
•   hedge funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity problem or otherwise, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. counterparty risk is accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to prevent settlement, or where the fund has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. generally, hedge funds are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. moreover, the funds' internal consideration of the creditworthiness of their counterparties may prove insufficient. the absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement may increase the potential for losses.
•   credit risk may arise through a default by one of several large institutions that are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational needs, so that a default by one institution causes a series of defaults by the other institutions. this "systemic risk" may adversely affect the financial intermediaries (such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges) with which the hedge funds interact on a daily basis.
•   the efficacy of investment and trading strategies depends largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of financial instruments. a hedge fund's trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. in such event, the funds might only be able to acquire some but not all of the components of the position, or if the overall position were to need adjustment, the funds might not be able to make such adjustment. as a result, the funds would not be able to achieve the market position selected by the management company or general partner of such funds, and might incur a loss in liquidating their position.
•   hedge funds are subject to risks due to potential illiquidity of assets. hedge funds may make investments or hold trading positions in markets that are volatile and which may become illiquid. timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility, concentrated trading positions, limitations on the ability to transfer positions in highly specialized or structured transactions to which they may be a party, and changes in industry and government regulations. it may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls, withdrawal requests or otherwise, particularly if there are other market participants seeking to dispose of similar assets at the same time or the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or in the event of trading halts or daily price movement limits on the market or otherwise. any "gate" or similar limitation on withdrawals with respect to hedge funds may not be effective in mitigating such risk. moreover, these risks may be exacerbated for our funds of hedge funds. for example, if one of our funds of hedge funds were to invest a significant portion of its assets in two or more hedge funds that each had illiquid positions in the same issuer, the illiquidity risk for our funds of hedge funds would be compounded. for example, in 2008 many hedge funds, including some of our hedge funds, experienced significant declines in value. in many cases, these declines in value were both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. moreover, certain of our funds of hedge funds were invested in third party hedge funds that halted redemptions in the face of illiquidity and other issues, which precluded those funds of hedge funds from receiving their capital back on request.
•   hedge fund investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the fund writes a call option. price movements of
commodities, futures and options contracts and payments pursuant to swap agreements are influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies of governments and national and international political and economic events and policies. the value of futures, options and swap agreements also depends upon the price of the commodities underlying them and prevailing exchange rates. in addition, hedge funds' assets are subject to the risk of the failure of any of the exchanges on which their positions trade or of their clearinghouses or counterparties. most u.s. commodities exchanges limit fluctuations in certain commodity interest prices during a single day by imposing "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily limits," the existence of which may reduce liquidity or effectively curtail trading in particular markets.
as a result of their affiliation with us, our hedge funds may from time to time be restricted from trading in certain securities (e.g., publicly traded securities issued by our current or potential portfolio companies). this may limit their ability to acquire and/or subsequently dispose of investments in connection with transactions that would otherwise generally be permitted in the absence of such affiliation.
many of our funds depend on the services of prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions. the terms of these contracts are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight, although the dodd-frank act and the european market infrastructure regulation provide for regulation of the derivatives market. in particular, some of our funds utilize prime brokerage arrangements with a relatively limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) of these funds with these counterparties.
our funds are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the contract. any such default may occur suddenly and without notice to us. moreover, if a counterparty defaults, we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either because we lack contractual recourse or because market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. this inability could occur in times of market stress, which is when defaults are most likely to occur.
in addition, our risk management process may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce our risks effectively. default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. in addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses.
although we have risk management processes to ensure that we are not exposed to a single counterparty for significant periods of time, given the large number and size of our funds, we often have large positions with a single counterparty. for example, most of our funds have credit lines. if the lender under one or more of those credit lines were to become insolvent, we may have difficulty replacing the credit line and one or more of our funds may face liquidity problems.
in the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty to a significant number of our contracts, one or more of our funds may have outstanding trades that they cannot settle or are delayed in settling. as a result, these funds could incur material losses and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default could harm our businesses, results of operation and financial condition. in addition, under certain local clearing and settlement regimes in europe, we or our funds could be subject to settlement discipline fines. see "- complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the united states could adversely affect our business."
in the event of the insolvency of a prime broker, custodian, counterparty or any other party that is holding assets of our funds as collateral, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the prime broker's, custodian's or counterparty's unsecured creditors in relation to the assets held as collateral. in addition, our funds' cash held with a prime broker, custodian or counterparty generally will not be segregated from the prime broker's, custodian's or counterparty's own cash, and our funds may therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. if our derivatives transactions are cleared through a derivatives clearing organization, the cftc has issued final rules regulating the segregation and protection of collateral posted by customers of cleared and uncleared swaps. the cftc is also working to provide new guidance regarding prime broker arrangements and intermediation generally with regard to trading on swap execution facilities.
the counterparty risks that we face have increased in complexity and magnitude as a result of disruption in the financial markets in recent years. for example, in certain areas the number of counterparties we face has increased and may continue to increase, which may result in increased complexity and monitoring costs. conversely, in certain other areas, the consolidation and elimination of counterparties has increased our concentration of counterparty risk and decreased the universe of potential counterparties, and our funds are generally not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. in addition, counterparties have in the past and may in the future react to market volatility by tightening underwriting standards and increasing margin requirements for all categories of financing, which may decrease the overall amount of leverage available and increase the costs of borrowing.
underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.
blackstone securities partners l.p. may act as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent in securities offerings and, through affiliated entities, loan syndications. we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities or indebtedness we purchased or placed as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent at the anticipated price levels or at all. as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent, we also may be subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite, syndicate or place.
risks related to our organizational structure the significant voting power of holders of our series i preferred stock and series ii preferred stock may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business.
holders of our common stock are entitled to vote pursuant to delaware law with respect to:
•   a conversion of the legal entity form of blackstone,
•   a transfer, domestication or continuance of blackstone to a foreign jurisdiction,
•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation to change the par value of our common stock or the powers, preferences or special rights of our common stock in a way that would affect our common stock adversely,
•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation that requires for action the vote of a greater number or portion of the holders of common stock than is required by any section of delaware law, and
•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation to elect to become a close corporation under delaware law. in addition, our certificate of incorporation provides voting rights to holders of our common stock on the following additional matters:
•   a sale, exchange or disposition of all or substantially all of our assets,
•   a merger, consolidation or other business combination,
furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and series i preferred stock may vote to require the series ii preferred stockholder to transfer its shares of series ii preferred stock to a successor series ii preferred stockholder designated by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and series i preferred stock.
other matters that are required to be submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock generally require the approval of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock and series i preferred stock, voting together as a single class, including certain sales, exchanges or other dispositions of all or substantially all of our assets, a merger, consolidation or other business combination, certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and the designation of a successor series ii preferred stockholder. holders of our series i preferred stock, as such, will collectively be entitled to a number of votes equal to the aggregate number of blackstone holdings partnership units held by the limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships on the relevant record date and will vote together with holders of our common stock as a single class. as of february 17, 2023, blackstone partners l.l.c., an entity owned by the senior managing directors of blackstone and controlled by mr. schwarzman, owned the only share of series i preferred stock outstanding, representing approximately 39.7% of the total combined voting power of the common stock and series i preferred stock, taken together.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain additional provisions affecting the holders of our common stock, including certain limits on the ability of the holders of our common stock to call meetings, to acquire information about our operations and to influence the manner or direction of our management. in addition, any person that beneficially owns 20% or more of the common stock then outstanding (other than the series ii preferred stockholder or its affiliates, a direct or subsequently approved transferee of the series ii preferred stockholder or its affiliates or a person or group that has acquired such stock with the prior approval of our board of directors) is unable to vote such stock on any matter submitted to such stockholders.
we are not required to comply with certain provisions of u.s. securities laws relating to proxy statements and certain related matters.
we are not required to file proxy statements or information statements under section 14 of the exchange act except in circumstances where a vote of holders of our common stock is required under our certificate of incorporation or delaware law, such as a merger, business combination or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, we will generally not be subject to the "say-on-pay" and "say-on-frequency" provisions of the dodd-frank act. as a result, our common stockholders do not have an opportunity to provide a non-binding vote on the compensation of our named executive officers. moreover, holders of our common stock are not able to bring matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or nominate directors at such meeting, nor are they generally able to submit stockholder proposals under rule 14a-8 of the exchange act.
we are a controlled company and as a result qualify for some exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the new york stock exchange.
because the series ii preferred stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, we are a "controlled company" and fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the new york stock exchange. pursuant to these exceptions, controlled companies may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the new york stock exchange, including the requirements (a) that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (b) that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, and (d) that the compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. while we currently have a majority independent board of directors, we have elected to avail ourselves of the other exceptions. accordingly, our common stockholders generally do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the nyse.
blackstone group management l.l.c., an entity owned by senior managing directors of blackstone and controlled by mr. schwarzman, is the sole holder of the series ii preferred stock. as a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the series ii preferred stockholder, on the one hand, and us and our holders of our common stock, on the other hand. the series ii preferred stockholder has the ability to influence our business and affairs through its ownership of series ii preferred stock, the series ii preferred stockholder's general ability to appoint our board of directors, and provisions under our certificate of incorporation requiring series ii preferred stockholder approval for certain corporate actions (in addition to approval by our board of directors). if the holders of our common stock are dissatisfied with the performance of our board of directors, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause.
further, through its ability to elect our board of directors, the series ii preferred stockholder has the ability to indirectly influence the determination of the amount and timing of our investments and dispositions, cash expenditures, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests, tax liabilities and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to holders of blackstone holdings partnership units.
in addition, conflicts may arise relating to the selection, structuring and disposition of investments and other transactions, declaring dividends and other distributions and other matters due to the fact that our senior managing directors hold their blackstone holdings partnership units directly or through pass-through entities that are not subject to corporate income taxation. see "part iii. item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence" and "part iii. item 10. directors, executive officers and corporate governance."
our certificate of incorporation states that the series ii preferred stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the other stockholders and contains provisions limiting the liability of the series ii preferred stockholder.
subject to applicable law, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions limiting the duties owed by the holder of our series ii preferred stock and contains provisions allowing the series ii preferred stockholder to favor its own interests and the interests of its controlling persons over us and the holders of our common stock. our certificate of incorporation contains provisions stating that the series ii preferred stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the other stockholders (including, without limitation, the tax
consequences to such stockholders) in deciding whether or not to authorize us to take (or decline to authorize us to take) any action as well as provisions stating that the series ii preferred stockholder shall not be liable to the other stockholders for damages for any losses, liabilities or benefits not derived by such stockholders in connection with such decisions. see "- potential conflicts of interest may arise among the series ii preferred stockholder and the holders of our common stock."
the series ii preferred stockholder will not be liable to blackstone or holders of our common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment determining that the series ii preferred stockholder acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct and we have also agreed to indemnify the series ii preferred stockholder to a similar extent.
even if there is deemed to be a breach of the obligations set forth in our certificate of incorporation, our certificate of incorporation provides that the series ii preferred stockholder will not be liable to us or the holders of our common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the series ii preferred stockholder or its officers and directors acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. these provisions are detrimental to the holders of our common stock because they restrict the remedies available to stockholders for actions of the series ii preferred stockholder.
in addition, we have agreed to indemnify the series ii preferred stockholder and our former general partner and its controlling affiliates and any current or former officer or director of any of blackstone or its subsidiaries, the series ii preferred stockholder or former general partner and certain other specified persons (collectively, the "indemnitees"), to the fullest extent permitted by law, against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts incurred by any indemnitee. we have agreed to provide this indemnification if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of blackstone, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against the indemnitee, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful. we have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings.
the series ii preferred stockholder may transfer its interest in the sole share of series ii preferred stock which could materially alter our operations.
without the approval of any other stockholder, the series ii preferred stockholder may transfer the sole outstanding share of our series ii preferred stock held by it to a third party upon receipt of approval to do so by our board of directors and satisfaction of certain other requirements. further, the members or other interest holders of the series ii preferred stockholder may sell or transfer all or part of their outstanding equity or other interests in the series ii preferred stockholder at any time without our approval. a new holder of our series ii preferred stock or new controlling members of the series ii preferred stockholder may appoint directors to our board of directors who have a different philosophy and/or investment objectives from those of our current directors. a new holder of our series ii preferred stock, new controlling members of the series ii preferred stockholder and/or the directors they appoint to our board of directors could also have a different philosophy for the management of our business, including the hiring and compensation of our investment professionals. if any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty in forming new funds and other investment vehicles and in making new investments, and the value of our existing investments, our business, our results of operations and our financial condition could materially suffer.
we intend to pay regular dividends to holders of our common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding company structure, applicable provisions of delaware law and contractual restrictions.
our intention to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of blackstone inc.'s share of distributable earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by blackstone's board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and our funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and dividends to stockholders for any ensuing quarter. all of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and may change at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or to eliminate such dividends entirely.
blackstone inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than the ownership of the partnership units in blackstone holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries. blackstone inc. has no independent means of generating revenue. accordingly, we intend to cause blackstone holdings to make distributions to its partners, including blackstone inc.'s wholly owned subsidiaries, to fund any dividends blackstone inc. may declare on our common stock.
our ability to make dividends to our stockholders will depend on a number of factors, including among others general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, including the timing and extent of our realizations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, restrictions and other implications on the payment of dividends by us to holders of our common stock or payment of distributions by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. our ability to pay dividends is also subject to the availability of lawful funds therefor as determined in accordance with the delaware general corporation law.
the amortization of finite-lived intangible assets and non-cash equity-based compensation results in expenses that may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income.
as of december 31, 2022, we have $217.3 million of finite-lived intangible assets (in addition to $1.9 billion of goodwill), net of accumulated amortization. these finite-lived intangible assets are from the initial public offering ("ipo") and subsequent business acquisitions. we are amortizing these finite-lived intangibles over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to twenty years, using the straight-line method, with a weighted-average remaining amortization period of 7.1 years as of december 31, 2022. we also record non-cash equity-based compensation from grants made in the ordinary course of business and in connection with other business acquisitions. the amortization of these finite-lived intangible assets and of this non-cash equity-based compensation will increase our expenses during the relevant periods. these expenses may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income. a substantial and sustained decline in our share price could result in an impairment of intangible assets or goodwill leading to a further reduction in net income or increase to net loss in the relevant period.
we are required to pay our senior managing directors for most of the benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we may claim as a result of the tax basis step-up we received as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our ipo or receive in connection with future exchanges of our common stock and related transactions.
as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our ipo, we purchased interests in our business from our pre-ipo owners. in addition, holders of partnership units in blackstone holdings (other than blackstone inc.'s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the blackstone holdings partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their blackstone holdings partnership units for shares of blackstone inc.'s common stock on a one-for-one basis. a blackstone holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the blackstone holdings partnerships to effect an exchange for a share of common stock. the purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of blackstone holdings that otherwise would not have been available. these increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the irs may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge.
we have entered into a tax receivable agreements with our senior managing directors and other pre-ipo owners that provides for the payment by us to the counterparties of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in u.s. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. this payment obligation is an obligation of blackstone inc. and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries and not of blackstone holdings. as such, the cash distributions to public stockholders may vary from holders of blackstone holdings partnership units (held by blackstone personnel and others) to the extent payments are made under the tax receivable agreements to selling holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. as the payments reflect actual tax savings received by blackstone entities, there may be a timing difference between the tax savings received by blackstone entities and the cash payments to selling holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. while the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under this agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of our common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of blackstone holdings, the payments that we may make under the tax receivable agreements will be substantial. the payments under a tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon a tax receivable agreement counterparty's continued ownership of us. we may need to incur debt to finance payments under the tax receivable agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax receivable agreements as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise.
although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the irs to challenge a tax basis increase, the tax receivable agreement counterparties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement. as a result, in certain circumstances payments to the counterparties under the tax receivable agreement could be in excess of our actual cash tax savings. our ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under the tax receivable agreements, will depend upon a number of factors, as discussed above, including the timing and amount of our future income.
if blackstone inc. were deemed an "investment company" under the 1940 act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
an entity will generally be deemed to be an "investment company" for purposes of the 1940 act if: (a) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (b) absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of u.s. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. we believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing asset management and capital markets services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. we also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. we hold ourselves out as an asset management and capital markets firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. accordingly, we do not believe that blackstone inc. is an "orthodox" investment company as defined in section 3(a)(1)(a) of the 1940 act and described in clause (a) in the first sentence of this paragraph. furthermore, blackstone inc. does not have any material assets other than its equity interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries, which in turn will have no material assets (other than intercompany debt) other than general partner interests in the blackstone holdings partnerships. these wholly owned subsidiaries are the sole general partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships and are vested with all management and control over the blackstone holdings partnerships. we do not believe the equity interests of blackstone inc. in its wholly owned subsidiaries or the general partner interests of these wholly owned subsidiaries in the blackstone holdings partnerships are investment securities. moreover, because we believe that the capital interests of the general partners of our funds in their respective funds are neither securities nor investment securities, we believe that less than 40% of blackstone inc.'s total assets (exclusive of u.s. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis are comprised of assets that could be considered investment securities. accordingly, we do not believe blackstone inc. is an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% test in section 3(a)(1)(c) of the 1940 act as described in clause (b) in the first sentence of this paragraph. in addition, we believe blackstone inc. is not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 act because it is primarily engaged in a non-investment company business.
the 1940 act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operation of investment companies. among other things, the 1940 act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. we intend to conduct our operations so that blackstone inc. will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 act. if anything were to happen which would cause blackstone inc. to be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 act, requirements imposed by the 1940 act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including us) and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among blackstone inc., blackstone holdings and our senior managing directors, or any combination thereof, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may be required to limit the amount of investments that we make as a principal or otherwise conduct our business in a manner that does not subject us to the registration and other requirements of the 1940 act.
other anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could delay or prevent a change in control.
in addition to the provisions described elsewhere relating to the series ii preferred stockholder's control, other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by, for example:
•   permitting our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock,
•   providing for the loss of voting rights for the common stock,
•   requiring advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations if they are ever permitted by applicable law,
•   placing limitations on convening stockholder meetings,
•   prohibiting stockholder action by written consent unless such action is consent to by the series ii preferred stockholder, and
•   imposing super-majority voting requirements for certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation.
these provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control.
risks related to our common stock the price of our common stock may decline due to the large number of shares of common stock eligible for future sale and for exchange.
the market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of common stock in the market in the future or the perception that such sales could occur. these sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell shares of common stock in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. we had a total of 706,369,856 shares of common stock outstanding as of february 17, 2023. subject to the lock-up restrictions described below, we may issue and sell in the future additional shares of common stock. limited partners of blackstone holdings owned an aggregate of 444,056,162 blackstone holdings partnership units outstanding as of february 17, 2023. in connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an exchange agreement with holders of blackstone holdings partnership units (other than blackstone inc.'s wholly owned subsidiaries) so that these holders, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the blackstone holdings partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their blackstone holdings partnership units for shares of blackstone inc. common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. a blackstone holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the blackstone holdings partnerships to effect an exchange for a share of common stock. the common stock we issue upon such exchanges would be "restricted securities," as defined in rule 144 under the securities act, unless we register such issuances. however, we have entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships that requires us to register these shares of common stock under the securities act and we have filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common stock issued upon exchange of blackstone holdings partnership units. see "part iii. item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence - transactions with related persons - registration rights agreement." while the partnership agreements of the blackstone holdings partnerships and related agreements contractually restrict the ability of blackstone personnel to transfer the blackstone holdings partnership units or blackstone inc. common stock they hold and require that they maintain a minimum amount of equity ownership during their employ by us, these contractual provisions may lapse over time or be waived, modified or amended at any time.
as of february 17, 2023, we had granted 40,265,273 outstanding deferred restricted shares of common stock and 18,107,045 outstanding deferred restricted blackstone holdings partnership units to our non-senior managing director professionals and senior managing directors under the blackstone inc. amended and restated 2007 equity incentive plan ("2007 equity incentive plan"). the aggregate number of shares of common stock and blackstone holdings partnership units (together, "shares") covered by our 2007 equity incentive plan is increased on the first day of each fiscal year during its term by a number of shares equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of shares outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year (excluding blackstone holdings partnership units held by blackstone inc. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of shares covered by our 2007 equity incentive plan as of such date (unless the
administrator of the 2007 equity incentive plan should decide to increase the number of shares covered by the plan by a lesser amount). an aggregate of 168,978,288 additional shares were available for grant under our 2007 equity incentive plan as of february 17, 2023. we have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional registration statements on form s-8 under the securities act to register common stock covered by the 2007 equity incentive plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). any such form s-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. accordingly, common stock registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.
in addition, the blackstone holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of blackstone inc. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the blackstone holdings partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the blackstone holdings partnership units, and which may be exchangeable for our shares of common stock.
our certificate of incorporation also provides us with a right to acquire all of the then outstanding shares of common stock under specified circumstances, which may adversely affect the price of our shares of common stock and the ability of holders of shares of common stock to participate in further growth in our stock price.
our certificate of incorporation provides that, if at any time, less than 10% of the total shares of any class of our stock then outstanding (other than series i preferred stock and series ii preferred stock) is held by persons other than the series ii preferred stockholder and its affiliates, we may exercise our right to call and purchase all of the then outstanding shares of common stock held by persons other than the series ii preferred stockholder or its affiliates or assign this right to the series ii preferred stockholder or any of its affiliates. as a result, a stockholder may have his or her shares of common stock purchased from him or her at an undesirable time or price and in a manner which adversely affects the ability of a stockholder to participate in further growth in our stock price.
our amended and restated bylaws designate the court of chancery of the state of delaware or the federal district courts of the united states of america, as applicable, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with blackstone or our directors, officers or other employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or employees to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the delaware general corporation law (the "dgcl"), our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or as to which the dgcl confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery of the state of delaware, or (d) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the united states of america will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the united states, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws. this choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a different judicial forum, including one that it may find favorable or convenient for a specified class of disputes with blackstone or our directors, officers, other stockholders or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. alternatively, if a court were to
find this provision of our amended and restated bylaws inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with blackstone inc.'s consolidated financial statements and the related notes included within this annual report on form 10-k.
this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year to year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. for the discussion of 2021 compared to 2020 see "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of blackstone's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, which specific discussion is incorporated herein by reference.
in this report, references to "blackstone," the "company," "we," "us" or "our" refer to blackstone inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
our business blackstone is one of the world's leading investment firms. our business is organized into four segments: real estate, private equity, credit & insurance and hedge fund solutions. for more information about our business segments, see "part i. item 1. business - business segments."
we generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. we also invest in the vehicles we manage and we are entitled to a pro-rata share of the results of the vehicle (a "pro-rata allocation"). in addition to a pro-rata allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, we are entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the investors ("performance allocations"). in carry funds, such allocations are commonly referred to as carried interest. in certain structures, we receive a contractual incentive fee from an investment vehicle in the event that specified cumulative investment returns are achieved (an "incentive fee," and together with performance allocations, "performance revenues"). the composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. net investment gains and investment income generated by the blackstone funds are driven by value created by our operating and strategic initiatives as well as overall market conditions. fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of our portfolio company and other investments, the industries in which they operate, the overall economy and other market conditions.
business environment blackstone's businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the u.s., europe, asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.
in 2022, the market environment was one of the most challenging since the global financial crisis as central banks around the world pursued monetary policy tightening amid high, persistent inflation. in the u.s., annual inflation reached 9.1% in june 2022 but subsequently declined to 6.5% in december 2022. in eurozone economies, inflation reached 10.6% in october 2022 before decreasing to 9.2% in december 2022. the u.s. federal reserve raised the federal funds target range seven times over the course of 2022, beginning the year at 0.0%-0.25% and reaching 4.25%-4.50% in december. in february 2023, the federal reserve further raised the federal funds target range to 4.50%-4.75% and reiterated its anticipation that ongoing increases would be appropriate in order to return to the u.s. federal reserve's long term inflation target of 2%. economists expect inflation to continue moderating from 2022 highs, but remain above the u.s. federal reserve's long run target of 2% for a period of time.
despite monetary policy tightening, economic growth, employment rates and consumer health indicators have demonstrated resilience. the bureau of economic analysis' advance estimate of u.s. real gdp growth indicated growth of 2.1% in 2022, down from 5.9% in 2021. the u.s. unemployment rate remained at the pre-pandemic level of 3.5% in december 2022, down from 3.9% in december 2021, indicating a robust labor market. retail sales increased 9.2% year-over-year in 2022, driven in part by higher prices. in manufacturing, however, the institute for supply management purchasing managers' index decreased to 48.4 in december 2022, down from 58.8 in december 2021, signaling a contraction in the u.s. manufacturing sector for the first time since may 2020. while the u.s. economy demonstrated relative strength, other major economies experienced less robust fundamentals. in china, there was 0% economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 3% for the year - the second lowest level since 1976. most economists believe an economic recession in 2023 is highly probable in the u.k., but somewhat less probable in the eurozone.
the s&p 500 declined 18% in 2022 with most sectors down for the year. the telecom sector experienced the largest decline, down 40%, while energy was the best performing sector, up 65%. the price of west texas intermediate crude oil increased 7% in 2022 to $80 per barrel, and remained at approximately that same level in february 2023. the henry hub natural gas spot price increased 20% to $4.48 during the year, but has subsequently fallen to $2.57 as of february 14, 2023.
volatility increased materially as the cboe volatility index rose 26% in 2022. capital markets and transaction activity declined materially, with u.s. initial public offering volumes down 93% and u.s. announced merger and acquisition deal volumes down 43% compared to 2021.
in credit markets, the s&p leveraged loan index decreased by 0.6% and the credit suisse high yield bond index declined by 11% in 2022. high yield spreads widened by 144 basis points in 2022, while issuance decreased 77%.
while showing some recent signs of moderating in the u.s., inflation remains meaningfully elevated. in response, the federal reserve has indicated that it anticipates further interest rate increases will be appropriate in order to achieve inflation at the rate of two percent over the longer term. the economic consensus predicts multiple additional moderate interest rate increases in the remainder of 2023, with some economists predicting a first reduction by the end of 2023. the possibility of a period of economic slowdown or recession has contributed, and in the near term may continue to contribute, to market volatility.
notable transactions on january 10, 2022, blackstone issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.550% senior notes due march 30, 2032 and $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.200% senior notes due january 30, 2052.
on june 3, 2022, blackstone entered into an amended and restated $4.135 billion revolving credit facility. the amendment and restatement to the credit facility, among other things, increased the amount of available borrowings and extended the maturity date from november 24, 2025 to june 3, 2027.
for additional information see note 13. "borrowings" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
organizational structure effective february 26, 2021, blackstone effectuated changes to rename its class a common stock as "common stock," and to reclassify its class b and class c common stock into a new "series i preferred stock" and "series ii preferred stock," respectively. each new stock has the same rights and powers of its predecessor. for additional information, see note 1. "organization" and note 16. "earnings per share and stockholders' equity - stockholders' equity" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
effective august 6, 2021, the blackstone group inc. changed its name to blackstone inc. for additional information, see note 1. "organization" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
the simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. the diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.
key financial measures and indicators we manage our business using certain financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). see "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" and "- critical accounting policies." our key non-gaap financial measures and operating indicators and metrics are discussed below.
distributable earnings distributable earnings is derived from blackstone's segment reported results. distributable earnings is used to assess performance and amounts available for dividends to blackstone stockholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable earnings is the sum of segment distributable earnings plus net interest and dividend income (loss) less taxes and related payables. distributable earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of distributable earnings.
net interest and dividend income (loss) is presented on a segment basis and is equal to interest and dividend revenue less interest expense, adjusted for the impact of consolidation of blackstone funds, and interest expense associated with the tax receivable agreement.
taxes and related payables represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes and including the payable under the tax receivable agreement. further, the current tax provision utilized when calculating taxes and related payables and distributable earnings reflects the benefit of deductions available to the company on certain expense items that are excluded from the underlying calculation of segment distributable earnings and total segment distributable earnings, such as equity-based compensation charges and certain transaction-related charges where there is a current tax provision or benefit. the economic assumptions and methodologies that impact the implied income tax provision are the same as those methodologies and assumptions used in calculating the current income tax provision for blackstone's consolidated statements of operations under gaap, excluding the impact of divestitures and accrued tax contingencies and refunds which are reflected when paid or received. management believes that including the amount payable under the tax receivable agreement and utilizing the current income tax provision adjusted as described above when calculating distributable earnings is meaningful as it increases comparability between periods and more accurately reflects earnings that are available for distribution to stockholders.
segment distributable earnings segment distributable earnings is blackstone's segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across blackstone's four segments. blackstone believes it is useful to stockholders to review the measure that management uses in assessing segment performance. segment distributable earnings represents the net realized earnings of blackstone's segments and is the sum of fee related earnings and net realizations for each segment. blackstone's segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates blackstone funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in blackstone's consolidated operating partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes transaction-related charges. transaction-related charges arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures and blackstone's initial public offering. they consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs and any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions. segment distributable earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of segment distributable earnings.
net realizations is presented on a segment basis and is the sum of realized principal investment income and realized performance revenues (which refers to realized performance revenues excluding fee related performance revenues), less realized performance compensation (which refers to realized performance compensation excluding fee related performance compensation and equity-based performance compensation).
realized performance compensation reflects an increase in the aggregate realized performance compensation paid to certain of our professionals above the amounts allocable to them based upon the percentage participation in the relevant performance plans previously awarded to them as a result of a compensation program that commenced during the three months ended june 30, 2021. for the full year 2022, fee related compensation was decreased by the total amount of additional performance compensation awarded for the year. during the year ended december 31, 2022, realized performance compensation was increased by an aggregate of $77.0 million and fee related compensation was decreased by a corresponding amount. in the year ended december 31, 2021, realized performance compensation was increased by an aggregate of $19.7 million and fee related compensation was decreased by a corresponding amount. these changes to realized performance compensation and fee related compensation reduced net realizations, increased fee related
earnings and had a neutral impact to income before provision (benefit) for taxes and distributable earnings in the years ended december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021.
fee related earnings fee related earnings is a performance measure used to assess blackstone's ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. blackstone believes fee related earnings is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the profitability of the portion of blackstone's business that is not dependent on realization activity. fee related earnings equals management and advisory fees (net of management fee reductions and offsets) plus fee related performance revenues, less (a) fee related compensation on a segment basis, and (b) other operating expenses. fee related earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of fee related earnings.
fee related compensation is presented on a segment basis and refers to the compensation expense, excluding equity-based compensation, directly related to (a) management and advisory fees, net and (b) fee related performance revenues, referred to as fee related performance compensation.
fee related performance revenues refers to the realized portion of performance revenues from perpetual capital that are (a) measured and received on a recurring basis, and (b) not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments.
other operating expenses is presented on a segment basis and is equal to general, administrative and other expenses, adjusted to (a) remove the amortization of transaction-related intangibles, (b) remove certain expenses reimbursed by the blackstone funds which are netted against management and advisory fees, net in blackstone's segment presentation, and (c) give effect to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. the administrative fee is accounted for as a capital contribution under gaap, but is reflected as a reduction of other operating expenses in blackstone's segment presentation.
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda"), is a supplemental measure used to assess performance derived from blackstone's segment results and may be used to assess its ability to service its borrowings. adjusted ebitda represents distributable earnings plus the addition of (a) interest expense on a segment basis, (b) taxes and related payables, and (c) depreciation and amortization. adjusted ebitda is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of adjusted ebitda.
net accrued performance revenues net accrued performance revenues is a non-gaap financial measure blackstone believes is useful to stockholders as an indicator of potential future realized performance revenues based on the current investment portfolio of the funds and vehicles we manage. net accrued performance revenues represents the accrued performance revenues receivable by blackstone, net of the related accrued performance compensation payable by blackstone, excluding performance revenues that have been realized but not yet distributed as of the reporting date and clawback amounts, if any. net accrued performance revenues is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of investments. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of net accrued performance revenues and note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies - equity method investments" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8.
financial statements and supplementary data." for additional information on the calculation of investments - accrued performance allocations.
operating metrics the alternative asset management business is primarily based on managing third party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth. since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value creating strategies.
total and fee-earning assets under management total assets under management refers to the assets we manage. we believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it represents the total capital for which we provide investment management services. our total assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)   the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us plus the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods,
(b)   the net asset value of (1) our hedge funds, real estate debt carry funds, bpp, certain co-investments managed by us, certain credit-focused funds, and our hedge fund solutions drawdown funds (plus, in each case, the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds, including commitments yet to commence their investment periods), and (2) our funds of hedge funds, our hedge fund solutions registered investment companies, breit, and bepif,
(c)   the invested capital, fair value or net asset value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
(d)   the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our clos during the reinvestment period,
(e)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our clos after the reinvestment period,
(f)   the gross or net amount of assets (including leverage where applicable) for our credit-focused registered investment companies,
(g)   the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, term loans or similar instruments issued by bxmt, and
(h)   borrowings under and any amounts available to be borrowed under certain credit facilities of our funds.
our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, funds structured like hedge funds and other open-ended funds in our real estate, credit & insurance and hedge fund solutions segments generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually, quarterly or monthly), typically with 2 to 95 days' notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. in our perpetual capital vehicles where redemption rights exist, blackstone has the ability to fulfill redemption requests only (a) in blackstone's or the vehicles' board's discretion, as applicable, or (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital. investment advisory agreements related to certain separately managed accounts in our credit & insurance and hedge fund solutions segments, excluding our bis separately managed accounts, may generally be terminated by an investor on 30 to 90 days' notice. our bis separately managed accounts can generally only be terminated for long-term underperformance, cause and certain other limited circumstances, in each case subject to blackstone's right to cure.
fee-earning assets under management refers to the assets we manage on which we derive management fees and/or performance revenues. we believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the capital base upon which we can earn management fees and/or performance revenues. our fee-earning assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)   for our private equity segment funds and real estate segment carry funds, including certain breds and hedge fund solutions funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value, net asset value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
(b)   for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
(c)   the remaining invested capital or fair value of assets held in co-investment vehicles managed by us on which we receive fees,
(d)   the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, bpp, certain co-investments managed by us, certain registered investment companies, breit, bepif, and certain of our hedge fund solutions drawdown funds,
(e)   the invested capital, fair value of assets or the net asset value we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
(f)   the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated distributable earnings of bxmt, subject to certain adjustments,
(g)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our clos, and
(h)   the gross amount of assets (including leverage) or the net assets (plus leverage where applicable) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.
each of our segments may include certain fee-earning assets under management on which we earn performance revenues but not management fees.
our calculations of total assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. in addition, our calculation of total assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. our definitions of total assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of total assets under management and fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.
for our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held and uncalled capital commitments, whereas fee-earning assets under management may include the total amount of capital commitments or the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has expired or as specified by the fee terms of the fund. as such, in certain carry funds fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.
perpetual capital perpetual capital refers to the component of assets under management with an indefinite term, that is not in liquidation, and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows. perpetual capital includes co-investment capital with an investor right to convert into perpetual capital. we believe this measure is useful to
stockholders as it represents capital we manage that has a longer duration and the ability to generate recurring revenues in a different manner than traditional fund structures.
dry powder dry powder represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment, including general partner and employee capital, and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments. we believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the extent to which capital is available for blackstone to deploy capital into investment opportunities as they arise.
invested performance eligible assets under management invested performance eligible assets under management represents invested capital at fair value, including capital closed for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which performance revenues could be earned if certain hurdles are met. we believe invested performance eligible assets under management is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the capital deployed that has the potential to generate performance revenues.
recent tax developments recent and future changes to tax laws and regulations may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and could have an adverse impact on us. for example, the recently enacted inflation reduction act imposes, among other things, a minimum "book" tax on certain large corporations and creates a new excise tax on net stock repurchases made by certain publicly traded corporations after december 31, 2022. while the application of this new law is uncertain and we continue to evaluate its potential impact, these changes could materially change the amount and/or timing of tax blackstone inc. may be required to pay. for further discussion of potential consequences of changes in tax regulations, please see "- item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability."
consolidated results of operations following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations. for a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in blackstone's consolidated operating partnerships and removes the amortization of intangibles assets and transaction-related charges) in these periods, see "-segment analysis" below.
the following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:
revenues management and advisory fees, net                                                                             $6,303,315                     $5,170,707                    $4,092,549           $1,132,608                         22%                  $1,078,158                26%
investment income (loss)
performance allocations realized                                                                                                       5,381,640                      5,653,452                     2,106,000                      (271,812   )            -5%                   3,547,452               168%
unrealized                                                                                                    (3,435,056   )                  8,675,246                      (384,393   )               (12,110,302   )            n/m                   9,059,639                n/m principal investments realized                                                                                                         850,327                      1,003,822                       391,628                      (153,495   )           -15%                     612,194               156%
unrealized                                                                                                    (1,563,849   )                  1,456,201                      (114,607   )                (3,020,050   )            n/m                   1,570,808                n/m total investment income                                                                                        1,233,062                     16,788,721                     1,998,628                   (15,555,659   )           -93%                  14,790,093               740%
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                                                                                   2,569,780                      2,161,973                     1,855,619                       407,807                19%                     306,354                17%
performance allocations compensation realized                                                                                                       2,225,264                      2,311,993                       843,230                       (86,729   )            -4%                   1,468,763               174%
unrealized                                                                                                    (1,470,588   )                  3,778,048                      (154,516   )                (5,248,636   )            n/m                   3,932,564                n/m total compensation and benefits                                                                                3,532,454                      8,350,126                     2,588,758                    (4,817,672   )           -58%                   5,761,368               223%
change in tax receivable agreement liability                                                                      22,283                         (2,759   )                   (35,383   )                    25,042                n/m                      32,624               -92%
net gains from fund investment activities                                                                       (105,142   )                    461,624                        30,542                      (566,766   )            n/m                     431,082                n/m total other income (loss)                                                                                        (82,859   )                    458,865                        (4,841   )                  (541,724   )            n/m                     463,706                n/m income before provision for taxes                                                                              3,461,789                     13,559,396                     2,617,520                   (10,097,607   )           -74%                  10,941,876               418%
provision for taxes                                                                                              472,880                      1,184,401                       356,014                      (711,521   )           -60%                     828,387               233%
net income (loss) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities                 (142,890   )                      5,740                       (13,898   )                  (148,630   )            n/m                      19,638                n/m net income attributable to non- controlling interests in consolidated entities                                   107,766                      1,625,306                       217,117                    (1,517,540   )           -93%                   1,408,189               649%
net income attributable to non- controlling interests in blackstone holdings                                   1,276,402                      4,886,552                     1,012,924                    (3,610,150   )           -74%                   3,873,628               382%
revenues revenues were $8.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $14.1 billion, or 62%, compared to $22.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to a decrease of $15.6 billion in investment income (loss), which is composed of decreases of $15.1 billion in unrealized investment income (loss) and $425.3 million in realized investment income (loss).
the $15.1 billion decrease in unrealized investment income (loss) was primarily attributable to net unrealized depreciation of investments in the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to net unrealized appreciation of investment holdings in the year ended december 31, 2021 in the segments. principal drivers of the decrease were:
•   a decrease of $6.7 billion in our real estate segment, primarily attributable to lower net unrealized appreciation of investments in brep and core+ during the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. brep and core+ carrying value increased 7.1% and 10.3%, respectively, in the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to increases of 43.8% and 25.0%, respectively, in the year ended december 31, 2021.
•   a decrease of $5.6 billion in our private equity segment, primarily attributable to net unrealized depreciation of investments in corporate private equity and lower net unrealized appreciation in strategic partners in the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to net unrealized appreciation of investments in the year ended december 31, 2021. corporate private equity and strategic partners carrying value decreased 0.6% and increased 8.5%, respectively, in the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to increases of 42.2% and 61.2%, respectively, in the year ended december 31, 2021.
•   a decrease of $1.3 billion in our credit &amp; insurance segment, primarily attributable to an unrealized loss on the ownership of corebridge common stock based on the publicly traded price as of december 31, 2022.
the $425.3 million decrease in realized investment income (loss) was primarily attributable to lower realized gains in our private equity segment, offset by higher realized gains in our real estate segment.
the $1.1 billion increase in management and advisory fees, net was primarily due to increases in our real estate and credit & insurance segments of $570.8 million and $455.8 million, respectively. the increase in our real estate segment was primarily due to fee-earning assets under management growth in core+ real estate. the increase in our credit & insurance segment was primarily due to an increase in inflows in bcred.
expenses expenses were $5.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $4.5 billion, compared to $9.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $4.8 billion in total compensation and benefits, composed of a decrease of $5.3 billion in performance allocations compensation and an increase of $407.8 million in compensation. the decrease in performance allocations compensation was primarily due to the decrease in investment income (loss) - performance allocations, on which a portion of performance allocations compensation is based.
other income (loss) was $(82.9) million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $541.7 million, compared to $458.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in other income (loss) was due to a decrease of $566.8 million in net gains (losses) from fund investment activities, partially offset by an increase of $25.0 million in change in tax receivable agreement liability.
the decrease in net gains (losses) from fund investment activities was principally driven by decreases of $265.4 million, $159.8 million and $111.2 million in our private equity, real estate and hedge fund solutions segments, respectively. the decrease in our private equity segment was primarily due to unrealized depreciation and lower realized gains of investments in our consolidated private equity funds. the decreases in our real estate and hedge fund solutions segments were primarily due to unrealized depreciation of investments in our consolidated real estate and hedge fund solutions funds.
the increase in change in tax receivable agreement liability was primarily attributable to a change in our state tax apportionment.
provision (benefit) for taxes blackstone's provision for taxes for the year ended december 31, 2022 was $472.9 million, a decrease of $711.5 million, compared to $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. this resulted in an effective tax rate of 13.7% and 8.7% based on our income before provision for taxes of $3.5 billion and $13.6 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the increase in blackstone's effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, resulted primarily from recent increases in blackstone's state tax provisions for the jurisdictions in which it operates and larger benefits recorded in december 31, 2021 for valuation allowance releases.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, blackstone recorded an out-of-period adjustment to revise the book investment basis used to calculate deferred tax assets and the deferred tax provision. the cumulative impact of the correction related to prior years resulted in a decrease in the provision for taxes and a corresponding increase to deferred tax assets for the year ended december 31, 2022.
additional information regarding our income taxes can be found in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 15. income taxes" of this filing.
non-controlling interests in consolidated entities the net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities and net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities is attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds. the amounts of these items vary directly with the performance of the consolidated blackstone funds and largely eliminate the amount of other income (loss) - net gains (losses) from fund investment activities from the net income (loss) attributable to blackstone inc.
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings is derived from the income before provision (benefit) for taxes at the blackstone holdings level, excluding the net gains (losses) from fund investment activities and the percentage allocation of the income between blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of blackstone holdings and blackstone after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income such as fees allocable to blackstone.
for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the net income before taxes allocated to blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of blackstone holdings was 39.7% and 41.3%, respectively. the decrease of 1.6% was primarily due to the conversion of blackstone holdings partnership units to shares of common stock and the vesting of shares of common stock.
the other income (loss) - change in tax receivable agreement liability was entirely allocated to blackstone inc.
operating metrics total and fee-earning assets under management the following graphs and tables summarize the fee-earning assets under management by segment and total assets under management by segment, followed by a rollforward of activity for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. for a description of how assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are determined, please see "-key financial measures and indicators - operating metrics - total and fee-earning assets under management."
real estate                       private                     credit &amp;      hedge fund                                        total                     real estate                        private                     credit &amp;      hedge fund                                        total equity                        insurance      solutions                                                                                                       equity                        insurance      solutions
fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                         $221,476,699                   $156,556,959                   $197,900,832             $74,034,568                            $649,969,058                  $149,121,461                    $129,539,630                   $116,645,413             $74,126,610                            $469,433,114
market activity (d)(g)                                  4,751,490                      3,028,295                    (11,783,111      )                  650,933                      (3,352,393   )                16,606,808                       6,372,176                      2,666,844                       5,524,715                      31,170,543
annualized base management fee rate (f)                      0.97     %                     1.10    %                      0.62      %      0.77                    %                      0.88   %                      1.09     %                      1.10    %                      0.55      %      0.86                    %                      0.92   %
real estate                        private                     credit &amp;       hedge fund                                         total equity                        insurance       solutions
fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                        $128,214,137                     $97,773,964                   $106,450,747              $75,636,004                             $408,074,852
market activity (d)(g)                                 5,361,223                        (346,985    )                  (916,929      )                 2,662,576                        6,759,885
annualized base management fee rate (f)                     1.14     %                      1.00    %                      0.57      %       0.81                    %                       0.91   %
real estate                        private                     credit &amp;      hedge fund                                        total                     real estate                        private                     credit &amp;                     hedge fund                         total equity                        insurance      solutions                                                                                                       equity                        insurance                      solutions
total assets under management balance, beginning of period               $279,474,105                    $261,471,007                   $258,622,467             $81,334,141                            $880,901,720                  $187,191,247                    $197,549,222                   $154,393,590                     $79,422,869                    $618,556,928
market activity (d)(h)                        7,111,861                       2,949,524                     (9,405,107      )                  904,859                       1,561,137                    41,660,978                      49,648,897                      7,682,504                       6,179,990                     105,172,369
real estate                         private                     credit &amp;       hedge fund                                         total equity                        insurance       solutions
total assets under management balance, beginning of period               $163,156,064                     $182,886,109                   $144,342,178              $80,738,112                             $571,122,463
market activity (d)(h)                       10,702,004                       11,645,290                     (1,038,536      )                 3,015,732                       24,324,490
(a)   inflows include contributions, capital raised, other increases in available capital (recallable capital and increased side-by-side commitments), purchases, inter-segment allocations and acquisitions.
(b)   outflows represent redemptions, client withdrawals and decreases in available capital (expired capital, expense drawdowns and decreased side-by-side commitments).
(c)   realizations represent realization proceeds from the disposition or other monetization of assets, current income or capital returned to investors from clos.
(d)   market activity includes realized and unrealized gains (losses) on portfolio investments and the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
(e)   total and fee-earning assets under management are reported in the segment where the assets are managed.
(f)   annualized base management fee rate represents annualized year to date base management fee divided by the average of the beginning of year and each quarter end's fee-earning assets under management in the reporting period.
(g)   for the year ended december 31, 2022, the impact to fee-earning assets under management from foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(3.5) billion, $(123.5) million, $(1.7) billion, $(573.2) million, and $(5.9) billion for the real estate, private equity, credit &amp; insurance, hedge fund solutions and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the impact to fee-earning assets under management from foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(2.1) billion, $(1.1) billion and $(3.2) billion for the real estate, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2020, such impact was $2.4 billion, $1.0 billion and $3.5 billion for the real estate, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively.
(h)   for the year ended december 31, 2022, the impact to total assets under management from foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(6.6) billion, $(1.5) billion, $(2.1) billion, $(571.4) million, and $(10.8) billion for the real estate, private equity, credit &amp; insurance, hedge fund solutions and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the impact to total assets under management from foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(3.2) billion, $(1.2) billion, $(1.2) billion and $(5.6) billion for the real estate, private equity, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2020, such impact was $4.2 billion, $642.6 million, $1.2 billion and $6.1 billion for the real estate, private equity, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively.
fee-earning assets under management fee-earning assets under management were $718.4 billion at december 31, 2022, an increase of $68.4 billion, or 11%, compared to $650.0 billion at december 31, 2021. the net increase was due to:
•   in our real estate segment, an increase of $60.5 billion from $221.5 billion at december 31, 2021 to $282.0 billion at december 31, 2022. the net increase was due to inflows of $98.6 billion and market appreciation of $4.8 billion, offset by realizations of $22.7 billion and outflows of $20.2 billion.
o   inflows were driven by $38.7 billion from brep and co-investment, primarily due to the commencement of the brep x and brep asia iii investment periods, $27.7 billion from breit, $17.8 billion from breds, primarily due to allocations of insurance capital and breds iv and $13.3 billion from bpp and co-investment.
o   market appreciation was driven by appreciation of $9.6 billion from core+ real estate (which reflected $2.8 billion of foreign exchange depreciation), partially offset by investment depreciation of $4.8 billion from breds insurance vehicles and foreign exchange depreciation of $639.2 million from brep and co-investment.
o   realizations were driven by $7.7 billion from breit, $7.4 billion from breds, $3.9 billion from brep and co-investment and $3.6 billion from bpp and co-investment.
o   outflows were driven by $10.6 billion from breit repurchases, $7.1 billion from brep and co-investment from uninvested reserves at the end of brep ix's and brep asia ii's investment periods and $2.1 billion from bpp and co-investment.
•   in our private equity segment, an increase of $10.5 billion from $156.6 billion at december 31, 2021 to $167.1 billion at december 31, 2022. the net increase was due to inflows of $20.4 billion and market appreciation of $3.0 billion, offset by realizations of $9.1 billion and outflows of $3.8 billion.
o   inflows were driven by $9.0 billion from strategic partners, $6.0 billion from bip, $2.9 billion from tactical opportunities and $1.5 billion from corporate private equity.
o   market appreciation was driven by $2.9 billion from bip.
o   realizations were driven by $3.4 billion from strategic partners, $2.6 billion from tactical opportunities and $2.3 billion from corporate private equity.
o   outflows were driven by $2.3 billion in bip resulting from the change in the calculation of management fees to exclude unfunded commitments, $469.3 million in tactical opportunities, $381.4 million in multi-asset products and $369.8 million from corporate private equity.
•   in our credit &amp; insurance segment, an increase of $262.1 million from $197.9 billion at december 31, 2021 to $198.2 billion at december 31, 2022. the net increase was due to inflows of $43.1 billion, offset by outflows of $22.4 billion, market depreciation of $11.8 billion and realizations of $8.6 billion.
o   inflows were driven by $19.4 billion from direct lending, $7.4 billion from clos, $5.6 billion from asset-based finance and $4.0 billion from liquid credit strategies.
o   outflows were driven by $11.3 billion from liquid credit strategies, $3.5 billion from direct lending, $3.2 billion from mlp strategies, and $3.0 billion from bis.
o   market depreciation was driven by depreciation of $8.3 billion from liquid credit strategies and $3.1 billion from private placement credit, which included $1.7 billion of foreign exchange depreciation across the segment.
•   in our hedge fund solutions segment, a decrease of $2.9 billion from $74.0 billion at december 31, 2021 to $71.2 billion at december 31, 2022. the net decrease was due to outflows of $11.7 billion and realizations of $2.0 billion, offset by inflows of $10.2 billion and market appreciation of $650.9 million.
o   market appreciation was driven by $1.2 billion from customized solutions, partially offset by decreases of $308.3 million from liquid and specialized solutions and $223.1 million from commingled products.
total assets under management total assets under management were $974.7 billion at december 31, 2022, an increase of $93.8 billion, or 11%, compared to $880.9 billion at december 31, 2021. the net increase was due to:
•   in our real estate segment, an increase of $46.7 billion from $279.5 billion at december 31, 2021 to $326.1 billion at december 31, 2022. the net increase was due to inflows of $90.2 billion and market appreciation of $7.1 billion, offset by realizations of $37.1 billion and outflows of $13.6 billion.
o   inflows were driven by $34.0 billion from brep, primarily from brep x and brep asia iii, $27.7 billion from breit, $14.5 billion from breds, primarily due to allocations of insurance capital and breds v, and $12.9 billion from bpp and co-investment.
o   market appreciation was driven by $9.7 billion from core+ real estate and $3.5 billion from brep and co-investment, partially offset by a decrease of $4.8 billion in breds insurance vehicles, all of which included $6.6 billion of foreign exchange depreciation across the segment.
o   realizations were driven by $22.3 billion from brep and co-investment, $7.7 billion from breit, $3.7 billion from bpp and co-investment and $3.3 billion from breds.
o   outflows were driven by $10.6 billion from breit and $2.1 billion from bpp and co-investment.
•   in our private equity segment, an increase of $27.4 billion from $261.5 billion at december 31, 2021 to $288.9 billion at december 31, 2022. the net increase was due to inflows of $52.7 billion and market appreciation of $2.9 billion, offset by realizations of $24.2 billion and outflows of $4.0 billion.
o   inflows were driven by $19.7 billion from corporate private equity, $14.2 billion from strategic partners, $9.7 billion from bip, $4.2 billion from tactical opportunities and $3.9 billion from bxg.
o   market appreciation was driven by $3.4 billion from bip and $2.6 billion from strategic partners, partially offset by depreciation of $2.2 billion from corporate private equity.
o   realizations were driven by $10.5 billion from corporate private equity, $7.4 billion from strategic partners and $5.1 billion from tactical opportunities.
o   outflows were driven by $1.6 billion from strategic partners, $838.6 million from tactical opportunities and $796.0 million from corporate private equity.
•   in our credit &amp; insurance segment, an increase of $21.3 billion from $258.6 billion at december 31, 2021 to $279.9 billion at december 31, 2022. the net increase was due to inflows of $72.0 billion, offset by outflows of $23.0 billion, realizations of $18.4 billion and market depreciation of $9.4 billion.
o   inflows were driven by $43.7 billion from direct lending, $7.5 billion from clos, $6.1 billion from our energy strategies, $5.7 billion from asset-based finance and $5.4 billion from liquid credit strategies.
o   outflows were driven by $11.6 billion from liquid credit strategies, $3.8 billion from direct lending, $3.5 billion from mlp strategies and $3.0 billion from bis.
o   market depreciation was driven by depreciation of $8.4 billion from liquid credit strategies and $3.1 billion from private placement credit, all of which included $2.1 billion of foreign exchange depreciation across the segment.
•   in our hedge fund solutions segment, a decrease of $1.6 billion from $81.3 billion at december 31, 2021 to $79.7 billion at december 31, 2022. the net decrease was due to outflows of $11.5 billion and realizations of $2.1 billion, offset by inflows of $11.1 billion and market appreciation of $904.9 million.
o   market appreciation was driven by $1.4 billion from customized solutions, partially offset by decreases of $236.4 million from liquid and specialized solutions and $218.0 million from commingled products.
(a)   represents illiquid drawdown funds, a component of perpetual capital and fee-paying co-investments; includes fee-paying third party capital as well as general partner and employee capital that does not earn fees. amounts are reduced by outstanding capital commitments, for which capital has not yet been invested.
net accrued performance revenues the following table presents the accrued performance revenues, net of performance compensation, of the blackstone funds as of december 31, 2022 and 2021. net accrued performance revenues presented do not include clawback amounts, if any, which are disclosed in note 19. "commitments and contingencies - contingencies - contingent obligations (clawback)" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of net accrued performance revenues.
private equity bcp iv                                                            6                         8
tactical opportunities                                          234                       382
strategic partners                                              512                       489
total private equity (a)                                      3,298                     3,939
credit &amp; insurance                                          312                       323
total blackstone net accrued performance revenues            $6,835                    $8,738
(a)   real estate and private equity include co-investments, as applicable
for the year ended december 31, 2022, net accrued performance revenues receivable decreased due to net realized distributions of $3.5 billion, partially offset by net performance revenues of $1.6 billion.
invested performance eligible assets under management the following presents our invested performance eligible assets under management as of december 31 of each year:
perpetual capital the following presents our perpetual capital total assets under management as of december 31 of each year:
perpetual capital total assets under management were $371.1 billion as of december 31, 2022, an increase of $57.8 billion, or 18%, compared to $313.4 billion as of december 31, 2021. perpetual capital total assets under management in our real estate, credit & insurance and private equity segments increased $32.1 billion, $13.9 billion and $12.1 billion, respectively. principal drivers of these increases were:
•   in our real estate segment, net total assets under management growth in breit, bpp and insurance capital managed in the real estate segment resulted in increases of $14.4 billion, $12.2 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively.
•   in our credit &amp; insurance segment, net total assets under management growth in direct lending resulted in an increase of $23.7 billion, partially offset by a decrease of $9.6 billion related to bis, which includes $5.6 billion of allocations to other segments.
•   in our private equity segment, net total assets under management growth in bip resulted in an increase of $12.1 billion.
investment records fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following tables present the investment record of our significant carry/drawdown funds and select perpetual capital strategies from inception through december 31, 2022:
carry/drawdown funds fund (investment period                      committed                       available                      unrealized investments                                                  realized investments                                 total investments                                                     net irrs (d)
beginning date / ending date) (a)            capital                         capital (b)                    value                          moic (c)                  % public       value                           moic                 value                           moic                     realized            total
fund (investment period                                committed                       available                      unrealized investments                                                   realized investments                                 total investments                                                     net irrs (d)
beginning date / ending date) (a)                      capital                         capital (b)                    value                          moic (c)                   % public       value                           moic                 value                           moic                     realized            total
*brep asia iii (mar 2022 / sep 2027)                             8,165,533                      7,146,646                        969,097                   1.0x                  -                               -                   n/a                        969,097                  1.0x                 n/   a            n/   m brep co-investment (f)                                           7,298,715                         38,573                      1,027,423                   2.2x                   1   %                 15,088,199                  2.2x                     16,115,622                  2.2x                 16   %            16   %
private equity corporate private equity bcp i (oct 1987 / oct 1993)                            $859,081                        $-                             $-                                    n/a                  -             $1,741,738                           2.6x            $1,741,738                           2.6x                 19   %            19   %
*bcp asia ii (sep 2021 / sep 2027)                               6,554,504                      6,028,901                        490,646                   1.1x                  -                               -                   n/a                        490,646                  1.1x                 n/   a            n/   m core private equity i (jan 2017 / mar 2021) (h)                  4,764,585                      1,158,509                      7,473,755                   2.0x                  -                       2,264,712                  4.1x                      9,738,467                  2.2x                 55   %            21   %
*core private equity ii (mar 2021 / mar 2026) (h)                8,190,362                      5,733,109                      2,712,287                   1.1x                  -                           9,592                   n/a                      2,721,879                  1.1x                 n/   a             8   %
total corporate private equity                         $144,492,117                    $51,021,368                    $65,317,314                          1.6x                  23   %        $126,062,437                         2.2x            $191,379,751                         1.9x                 16   %            15   %
fund (investment period                                                          committed                      available                                                 unrealized investments                                realized investments                                   total investments       net irrs (d)
beginning date / ending date) (a)                                                  capital                    capital (b)                        value        moic (c)                  % public                         value        moic                                   value        moic                 realized                total
private equity (continued)
tactical opportunities
*tactical opportunities (various)                                        $22,505,129                     $7,091,481                   $11,849,998                  1.2x                   8   %               $20,931,450                  1.9x                   $32,781,448                  1.6x            17        %            11   %
*tactical opportunities co-investment and other (various)                 16,292,816                      7,257,964                     5,219,779                  1.7x                   6   %                 8,238,659                  1.6x                    13,458,438                  1.6x            18        %            18   %
total tactical opportunities                                             $38,797,945                    $14,349,445                   $17,069,777                  1.3x                   8   %               $29,170,109                  1.8x                   $46,239,886                  1.6x            18        %            13   %
strategic partners (secondaries)
strategic partners i-v (various) (i)                                      11,447,898                        644,174                       385,776                  n/a                    -                    16,940,272                  n/a                     17,326,048                  1.7x                 n/   a            13   %
strategic partners vi (apr 2014 / apr 2016) (i)                            4,362,750                        883,605                     1,018,226                  n/a                    -                     4,045,375                  n/a                      5,063,601                  1.7x                 n/   a            14   %
strategic partners vii (may 2016 / mar 2019) (i)                           7,489,970                      1,701,454                     4,452,664                  n/a                    -                     6,005,682                  n/a                     10,458,346                  2.0x                 n/   a            19   %
strategic partners real assets ii (may 2017 / jun 2020) (i)                1,749,807                        500,246                     1,063,951                  n/a                    -                     1,040,172                  n/a                      2,104,123                  1.5x                 n/   a            15   %
strategic partners viii (mar 2019 / oct 2021) (i)                         10,763,600                      4,834,321                     8,409,932                  n/a                    -                     5,568,354                  n/a                     13,978,286                  1.8x                 n/   a            38   %
*strategic partners real estate, sma and other (various) (i)               8,989,890                      3,162,325                     3,200,753                  n/a                    -                     3,420,427                  n/a                      6,621,180                  1.7x                 n/   a            20   %
*strategic partners infra iii (jun 2020 / jul 2024) (i)                    3,250,100                      1,659,121                     1,205,224                  n/a                    -                       124,956                  n/a                      1,330,180                  1.5x                 n/   a            50   %
*strategic partners ix (oct 2021 / jan 2027) (i)                          19,084,345                     13,885,975                     3,082,382                  n/a                    -                       402,916                  n/a                      3,485,298                  1.3x                 n/   a            n/   m total strategic partners (secondaries)                                   $67,138,360                    $27,271,221                   $22,818,908                  n/a                    -                   $37,548,154                  n/a                    $60,367,062                  1.7x                 n/   a            15   %
fund (investment period                               committed                     available                     unrealized investments                                                 realized investments                               total investments                                  net irrs (d)
beginning date / ending date) (a)                     capital                       capital (b)                   value                         moic (c)              % public           value                         moic                 value                         moic                 realized                total
credit mezzanine / opportunistic i (jul 2007 / oct 2011)     $2,000,000                    $97,114                       $-                                  n/a                  -             $4,809,088                         1.6x            $4,809,088                         1.6x                 n/a               17   %
total credit drawdown funds (j)                       $46,889,033                   $13,179,395                   $18,387,870                        0.9x                  -             $39,204,893                        1.5x            $57,592,763                        1.2x                 n/a               10   %
selected perpetual capital strategies (k)
strategy (inception year) (a)                           investment strategy                           total assets                            total net under                                  return (l)
management
real estate bpp-blackstone property partners platform (2013) (m)             core+ real estate                    $72,969,326                              11     %
breit-blackstone real estate income trust (2017) (n)             core+ real estate                            68,523,348                       12     %
private equity bip-blackstone infrastructure partners (2019) (p)                infrastructure                               28,122,520                       19     %
credit bxsl-blackstone secured lending fund (2018) (q)                  u.s. direct lending                          11,077,225                       10     %
bcred-blackstone private credit fund (2021) (r)                  u.s. direct lending                          58,534,176                        8     %
hedge fund solutions bsch-blackstone strategic capital holdings (2014) (s)            gp stakes                                    10,090,273                       13     %
n/m   not meaningful generally due to the limited time since initial investment.
*   represents funds that are currently in their investment period.
(a)   excludes investment vehicles where blackstone does not earn fees.
(b)   available capital represents total investable capital commitments, including side-by-side, adjusted for certain expenses and expired or recallable capital and may include leverage, less invested capital. this amount is not reduced by outstanding commitments to investments.
(c)   multiple of invested capital ("moic") represents carrying value, before management fees, expenses and performance revenues, divided by invested capital.
(d)   unless otherwise indicated, net internal rate of return ("irr") represents the annualized inception to december 31, 2022 irr on total invested capital based on realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and performance revenues. irrs are calculated using actual timing of limited partner cash flows. initial inception date of cash flows may differ from the investment period beginning date.
(e)   the 8% realized net irr and 8% total net irr exclude investors that opted out of the hilton investment opportunity. overall brep international ii performance reflects a 7% realized net irr and a 7% total net irr.
(f)   brep co-investment represents co-investment capital raised for various brep investments. the net irr reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment's realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.
(h)   blackstone core equity partners is a core private equity strategy which invests with a more modest risk profile and longer hold period than traditional private equity.
(i)   realizations are treated as return of capital until fully recovered and therefore unrealized and realized moics are not applicable. returns are calculated from results that are reported on a three-month lag from strategic partners' fund financial statements and therefore do not include the impact of economic and market activities in the current quarter.
(j)   funds presented represent the flagship credit drawdown funds only. the total credit net irr is the combined irr of the credit drawdown funds presented.
(k)   perpetual capital vehicles excluded primarily consist of (1) investment vehicles that have been investing for less than one year, (2) assets managed for certain insurance clients, and (3) investment vehicles where blackstone does not earn fees.
(l)   unless otherwise indicated, total net return represents the annualized inception to december 31, 2022 irr on total invested capital based on realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and performance revenues. irrs are calculated using actual timing of investor cash flows. initial inception date of cash flows occurred during the inception year.
(m)   bpp represents the aggregate total assets under management and total net return of the bpp platform, which comprises over 30 funds, co-investment and separately managed account vehicles. it includes certain vehicles managed as part of the bpp platform but not classified as perpetual capital. as of december 31, 2022, these vehicles represented $2.9 billion of total assets under management.
(n)   the breit total net return reflects a per share blended return, assuming breit had a single share class, reinvestment of all dividends received during the period, and no upfront selling commission, net of all fees and expenses incurred by breit. these returns are not representative of the returns experienced by any particular investor or share class. total net returns are presented on an annualized basis and are from january 1, 2017.
(o)   the bxmt return reflects annualized market return of a shareholder invested in bxmt since inception through december 31, 2022, assuming reinvestment of all dividends received during the period. return incorporates the closing nyse stock price as of december 31, 2022. total net return is from may 22, 2013.
(p)   including co-investment vehicles, bip total assets under management is $35.2 billion.
(q)   the bxsl total assets under management and total net return are reported on a one-quarter lag. refer to bxsl public filings for current quarter results. bxsl total net return reflects the change in net asset value ("nav") per share, plus distributions per share (assuming dividends and distributions are reinvested in accordance with bxsl's dividend reinvestment plan) divided by the beginning nav per share. total net returns are presented on an annualized basis and are from november 20, 2018.
(r)   the bcred total net return reflects a per share blended return, assuming bcred had a single share class, reinvestment of all dividends received during the period, and no upfront selling commission, net of all fees and expenses incurred by bcred. these returns are not representative of the returns experienced by any particular investor or share class. total net returns are presented on an annualized basis and are from january 7, 2021. total assets under management reflects gross asset value plus amounts borrowed or available to be borrowed under certain credit facilities. bcred net asset value as of december 31, 2022 was $22.7 billion.
(s)   bsch represents the aggregate total assets under management and total net return of bsch i and bsch ii funds that invest as part of the gp stakes strategy, which targets minority investment in the general partners of private equity and other private-market alternative asset management firms globally. including co-investment vehicles that do not pay fees, bsch total assets under management is $10.9 billion.
segment analysis discussed below is our segment distributable earnings for each of our segments. this information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. references to "our" sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.
real estate the following table presents the results of operations for our real estate segment:
management fees, net base management fees                               $2,462,179                     $1,895,412                    $1,553,483                    $566,767                30   %               $341,929                22   %
transaction and other fees, net                       171,424                        160,395                        98,225                      11,029                 7   %                 62,170                63   %
management fee offsets                                (10,538   )                     (3,499   )                   (13,020   )                  (7,039   )           201   %                  9,521               -73   %
total management fees, net                          2,623,065                      2,052,308                     1,638,688                     570,757                28   %                413,620                25   %
fee related performance revenues                    1,075,424                      1,695,019                       338,161                    (619,595   )           -37   %              1,356,858               401   %
realized performance revenues                       2,985,713                      1,119,612                       787,768                   1,866,101               167   %                331,844                42   %
realized performance compensation                  (1,168,045   )                   (443,220   )                  (312,698   )                (724,825   )           164   %               (130,522   )            42   %
realized principal investment income                  150,790                        196,869                        24,764                     (46,079   )           -23   %                172,105               695   %
segment distributable earnings were $4.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $1.1 billion, or 34%, compared to $3.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in segment distributable earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $1.1 billion in net realizations.
eighty percent of the aggregate net asset value of our global opportunistic and core+ real estate vehicles is concentrated in logistics, rental housing, hotels, life science office and data centers. we believe these sectors are more likely to withstand inflationary pressures given stronger relative cash flow growth, sustained robust demand and muted supply which has driven historically low vacancies. certain of these sectors also benefit from shorter duration leases, providing opportunity to capture growth in an inflationary environment. despite this strong operating performance, unrealized valuations in certain investments were adversely impacted by an environment characterized by higher interest rates and a rising cost of capital. certain funds have exposure to more challenged sectors such as traditional u.s. office buildings and assets with long-term leases which could be further adversely impacted by the current environment. with respect to realizations and deployment, continuing capital market volatility and economic uncertainty have contributed to muted activity, and this is likely to continue until market conditions improve.
fundraising in 2022 remained positive despite a challenging market backdrop and some near-term industry headwinds, perpetual capital strategies, including breit, represent an increasing percentage of total assets under
management in our real estate segment. beginning in late 2022, however, market volatility drove a material increase in breit repurchase requests, and pursuant to the terms of the vehicle, breit began to prorate such requests beginning in november 2022. concurrently, breit inflows were materially reduced, particularly after proration was announced. a continuation or worsening of the current environment could further adversely affect net flows in certain perpetual capital strategies for a more extended period of time. however, we believe the long-term growth trajectory remains positive and that strong investment performance and investor under-allocation to such strategies should drive flows over the long-term. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk."
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $7.4 million, compared to $2.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in fee related earnings was attributable to a decrease of $619.6 million in fee related performance revenues and an increase of $80.8 million in other operating expenses, partially offset by an increase of $570.8 million in management fees, net and a decrease of $122.2 million in fee related compensation.
fee related performance revenues were $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $619.6 million, compared to $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the crystallization of breit performance revenues.
other operating expenses were $315.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $80.8 million, compared to $234.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to travel, entertainment, occupancy, technology-related expenses and professional fees.
management fees, net were $2.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $570.8 million, compared to $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. base management fees increased $566.8 million primarily due to fee-earning assets under management growth in core+ real estate.
the annualized base management fee rate decreased from 1.09% at december 31, 2021 to 0.97% at december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily due to the commencement of brep x, for which a significant portion of management fees are on a fee holiday through december 31, 2022, and growth in breds insurance vehicles, which have a lower management fee rate.
fee related compensation was $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $122.2 million, compared to $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in fee related performance revenues, partially offset by an increase in management fees, net, both of which impact fee related compensation.
net realizations net realizations were $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $1.1 billion, or 125%, compared to $873.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in net realizations was attributable to an increase of $1.9 billion in realized performance revenues, partially offset by an increase of $724.8 million in realized performance compensation and a decrease of $46.1 million in realized principal investment income.
realized performance revenues were $3.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $1.9 billion, compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher realized performance revenues in brep.
realized performance compensation was $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $724.8 million, compared to $443.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to the increase in realized performance revenues.
realized principal investment income was $150.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $46.1 million, compared to $196.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the segment's allocation of the gain recognized in connection with the pátria investments limited and pátria investimentos ltda. (collectively, "pátria") sale transactions during the first and third quarters of 2021.
fund returns fund return information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the internal rates of return, except where noted, of our significant real estate funds:
brep co-investment (c)           26%                25%               77%               70%                33%                32%           18%               16%               18%               16%
breit (e)                        n/a                 8%               n/a               30%                n/a                 7%           n/a               n/a               n/a               12%
n/m   not meaningful generally due to the limited time since initial investment.
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.
(b)   euro-based internal rates of return.
(c)   brep co-investment represents co-investment capital raised for various brep investments. the net irr reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment's realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.
(d)   the bpp platform, which comprises over 30 funds, co-investment and separately managed account vehicles, represents the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more modest risk profile and lower leverage.
(e)   reflects a per share blended return for each respective period, assuming breit had a single share class, reinvestment of all dividends received during the period, and no upfront selling commission, net of all fees and expenses incurred by breit. these returns are not representative of the returns experienced by any particular investor or share class. inception to date returns are presented on an annualized basis and are from january 1, 2017.
(g)   reflects annualized return of a shareholder invested in bxmt as of the beginning of each period presented, assuming reinvestment of all dividends received during the period, and net of all fees and expenses incurred by bxmt. return incorporates the closing nyse stock price as of each period end. inception to date returns are from may 22, 2013.
funds with closed investment periods the real estate segment has twelve funds with closed investment periods as of december 31, 2022: brep ix, brep viii, brep vii, brep vi, brep v, brep iv, brep europe v, brep europe iv, brep europe iii, brep asia ii, brep asia i and breds iii. as of december 31, 2022, brep vii, brep vi, brep v, brep iv, brep europe iv and brep europe iii were above their carried interest thresholds (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would have been above their carried interest thresholds even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. brep ix, brep viii, brep europe v, brep asia ii, brep asia i and breds iii were above their carried interest thresholds. funds are considered above their carried interest thresholds based on the aggregate fund position, although individual limited partners may be below their respective carried interest thresholds in certain funds.
private equity the following table presents the results of operations for our private equity segment:
management and advisory fees, net base management fees                                   $1,786,923                    $1,521,273                    $1,232,028           $265,650                         17%                   $289,245                23%
transaction, advisory and other fees, net                  97,876                       174,905                        82,440                     (77,029   )           -44%                     92,465               112%
management fee offsets                                    (56,062   )                   (33,247   )                   (44,628   )                 (22,815   )            69%                     11,381               -26%
total management and advisory fees, net                 1,828,737                     1,662,931                     1,269,840                     165,806                10%                    393,091                31%
fee related performance revenues                             (648   )                   212,128                             -                    (212,776   )            n/m                    212,128                n/m fee related compensation                                 (575,194   )                  (662,824   )                  (455,538   )                  87,630               -13%                   (207,286   )            46%
realized performance revenues                           1,191,028                     2,263,099                       877,493                  (1,072,071   )           -47%                  1,385,606               158%
realized performance compensation                        (544,229   )                  (943,199   )                  (366,949   )                 398,970               -42%                   (576,250   )           157%
realized principal investment income                      139,767                       263,368                        72,089                    (123,601   )           -47%                    191,279               265%
segment distributable earnings were $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $795.8 million, compared to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in segment distributable earnings was attributable to a decrease of $796.7 million in net realizations.
despite some recent signs of moderation, tight labor markets and wage inflation have put profit margin pressure on certain of our private equity portfolio companies, especially those in labor-intensive businesses. these impacts should be mitigated as inflation moderates. moreover, the impact of such pressures on our overall private equity portfolio has been to some extent mitigated by its focus on investing in companies that are less impacted by rising input costs or that benefit from strong revenue growth and pricing power. with respect to realizations and deployment, continuing capital market volatility and economic uncertainty have contributed to more muted activity, and this is likely to continue until market conditions improve, which would negatively impact segment distributable earnings in our private equity segment. challenging market conditions have pressured investors' ability to allocate to private equity strategies and contributed to an already competitive fundraising environment. despite these near-term headwinds and a slower pace of fundraising, our institutional fundraising has remained positive and we have advanced considerably toward our overall flagship fundraise goal.
in energy, favorable market conditions contributed to a meaningful increase in the value of certain energy investments, as energy, oil and gas prices remained elevated in 2022. this trend, in part due to decreased supply because of the ongoing war between russia and ukraine, has had a positive impact on our energy portfolio. beyond this trend, however, increased scrutiny from regulators, investors and other market participants on the climate impact of oil and gas energy investments has weakened long-term growth prospects for traditional energy. the persistence of these weakened market fundamentals could negatively impact the performance of certain investments in our energy and corporate private equity funds.
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $948.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $1.0 million, compared to $947.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in fee related earnings was attributable to an increase of $165.8 million in management and advisory fees, net and a decrease of $87.6 million in fee related compensation, partially offset by a decrease of $212.8 million in fee related performance revenues and an increase of $39.7 million in other operating expenses.
management and advisory fees, net were $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $165.8 million, compared to $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase in base management fees, partially offset by a decrease in transaction and advisory fees, net and management fee offsets. base management fees increased $265.7 million primarily due to (a) the commencement of strategic partners gp solutions and strategic partners ix's investment periods during the three months ended june 30, 2021 and the three months ended december 31, 2021, respectively, and (b) fee-earning assets under management growth in bip. transaction, advisory and other fees, net increased $77.0 million primarily due to deal activity in bxcm. management fee offsets increased $22.8 million primarily due to the launch of strategic partners ix during the three months ended december 31, 2021.
fee related compensation was $575.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $87.6 million, compared to $662.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in fee related performance revenues, partially offset by an increase in management and advisory fees, net, both of which impact fee related compensation.
fee related performance revenues was $(0.6) million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $212.8 million, compared to $212.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to bip performance revenues crystallizing at december 31, 2021, with the amount for the year ended december 31, 2022 representing a true up to the prior year fee related performance revenue.
other operating expenses were $304.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $39.7 million, compared to $264.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to travel and entertainment, occupancy and technology related expenses, and professional fees.
net realizations net realizations were $786.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $796.7 million, compared to $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in net realizations was attributable to decreases of $1.1 billion in realized performance revenues and $123.6 million in realized principal investment income, partially offset by an increase of $399.0 million in realized performance compensation.
realized performance revenues were $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $1.1 billion, compared to $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to lower realized performance revenues in corporate private equity and tactical opportunities, partially offset by higher realized performance revenues in strategic partners.
realized principal investment income was $139.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $123.6 million, compared to $263.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the segment's allocation of the gain recognized in connection with the pátria sale transactions during the first and third quarters of 2021.
realized performance compensation was $544.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $399.0 million, compared to $943.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the decrease in realized performance revenues.
fund returns fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:
tactical opportunities                                      -2%                -4%                37%                28%                19%                15%           21%                17%                15%               11%
tactical opportunities co-investment and other                -                 4%                67%                57%                14%                11%           19%                18%                20%               18%
strategic partners vi (c)                                   -6%                -7%                51%                47%                -9%                -9%           n/a                n/a                19%               14%
strategic partners vii (c)                                  -3%                -5%                75%                66%                -7%                -8%           n/a                n/a                24%               19%
strategic partners real assets ii (c)                       15%                13%                26%                23%                10%                 6%           n/a                n/a                19%               15%
strategic partners viii (c)                                  3%                 2%               132%               113%                 6%                 2%           n/a                n/a                47%               38%
strategic partners real estate, sma and other (c)           20%                15%                41%                40%                 2%                 2%           n/a                n/a                21%               20%
n/m   not meaningful generally due to the limited time since initial investment.
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.
(b)   bcep is a core private equity strategy which invests with a more modest risk profile and longer hold period than traditional private equity.
(c)   realizations are treated as return of capital until fully recovered and therefore inception to date realized returns are not applicable. returns are calculated from results that are reported on a three month lag from strategic partners' fund financial statements and therefore do not include the impact of economic and market activities in the current quarter.
funds with closed investment periods the corporate private equity funds within the private equity segment have nine funds with closed investment periods: bcp iv, bcp v, bcp vi, bcp vii, bcom, bep i, bep ii, bcep i and bcp asia i. as of december 31, 2022, bcp iv
was above its carried interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would still be above its carried interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. bcp v is comprised of two fund classes, the bcp v "main fund" and bcp v-ac fund. within these fund classes, the general partner is subject to equalization such that (a) the general partner accrues carried interest when the respective carried interest for either fund class is positive and (b) the general partner realizes carried interest so long as clawback obligations, if any, for either of the respective fund classes are fully satisfied. bcp v, bcp vi, bcp vii, bcom, bep i, bep ii, bcep i and bcp asia were above their respective carried interest thresholds. funds are considered above their carried interest thresholds based on the aggregate fund position, although individual limited partners may be below their respective carried interest thresholds in certain funds. we are entitled to retain previously realized carried interest up to 20% of bcom's net gains. as a result, performance revenues are recognized from bcom on current period gains and losses.
credit & insurance the following table presents the results of operations for our credit & insurance segment:
management fees, net base management fees                              $1,230,710                    $765,905                    $603,713                  $464,805                61%                 $162,192                27%
transaction and other fees, net                       34,624                      44,868                      21,311                   (10,244   )           -23%                   23,557               111%
management fee offsets                                (5,432   )                  (6,653   )                 (10,466   )                 1,221               -18%                    3,813               -36%
total management fees, net                         1,259,902                     804,120                     614,558                   455,782                57%                  189,562                31%
fee related performance revenues                     374,721                     118,097                      40,515                   256,624               217%                   77,582               191%
realized performance revenues                        147,413                     209,421                      20,943                   (62,008   )           -30%                  188,478               900%
realized performance compensation                    (63,846   )                 (94,450   )                  (3,476   )                30,604               -32%                  (90,974   )            n/m realized principal investment income                  80,993                      70,796                       7,970                    10,197                14%                   62,826               788%
segment distributable earnings were $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $464.5 million, or 86%, compared to $540.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in segment distributable earnings was attributable to an increase of $485.7 million in fee related earnings, partially offset by a decrease of $21.2 million in net realizations.
while public spreads widened in 2022 amid market volatility and heightened uncertainty, rising interest rates and solid underlying company performance favorably impacted returns in our private credit strategies. while rising interest rates and the resulting higher cost of capital have the potential to negatively impact the free cash flow and credit quality of certain borrowers, the performance of our credit funds has generally benefited from rising interest rates as a substantial majority of the portfolio is floating rate. rising costs resulting from heightened energy prices and input costs have contributed to margin pressures at certain of our credit & insurance segment investments. such investments would continue to be negatively impacted by a sustained high rate of inflation if
they are unable to mitigate margin pressures, especially if concurrent with an increase in their debt service costs. if continued interest rate increases occur concurrently with a period of economic weakness or a slowdown in growth, portfolio performance in our credit & insurance segment may be negatively impacted. continued market dislocation may create attractive deployment opportunities, particularly for our private credit strategies, as borrowers seek alternative lending sources. nonetheless, significant market dislocation could limit the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets, and this would impact our funds' ability to sell such assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner.
in energy, oil and gas prices remained elevated in 2022, in part due to decreased supply as a result of the ongoing war between russia and ukraine and heightened global demand. this short-term trend has had a positive impact on our energy portfolio. beyond this short-term trend, however, increased scrutiny from regulators, investors and other market participants on the climate impact of oil and gas energy investments has weakened long-term market fundamentals for traditional energy. the persistence of these weakened market fundamentals could negatively impact the performance of certain investments in our credit funds.
perpetual capital strategies, including bcred, represent an increasing percentage of total assets under management in our credit & insurance segment. beginning in late 2022, market volatility drove a material increase in bcred repurchase requests and a material decrease in inflows. this led to minimal net flows in bcred in the fourth quarter. a continuation or worsening of the current environment would further adversely affect our net flows for a more extended period of time. however, we believe the long-term growth trajectory remains positive and that strong investment performance and investor under-allocation to such private wealth strategies should drive flows over the long-term. see "item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk" in this report.
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $840.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $485.7 million, or 137%, compared to $355.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in fee related earnings was attributable to increases of $455.8 million in management fees, net and $256.6 million in fee related performance revenues, partially offset by increases of $162.5 million in fee related compensation and $64.3 million in other operating expenses.
management fees, net were $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $455.8 million, compared to $804.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. base management fees increased $464.8 million primarily due to inflows in bcred and bis.
fee related performance revenues were $374.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $256.6 million, compared to $118.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to performance and an increase in subscriptions in bcred.
fee related compensation was $529.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $162.5 million, compared to $367.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, both of which impact fee related compensation.
other operating expenses were $264.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $64.3 million, compared to $199.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to travel, entertainment, occupancy and technology-related expenses and professional fees.
net realizations net realizations were $164.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $21.2 million, compared to $185.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in net realizations was attributable to a decrease of $62.0 million in realized performance revenues, partially offset by a decrease of $30.6 million in realized performance compensation.
realized performance revenues were $147.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $62.0 million, compared to $209.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower realized performance revenues in our mezzanine funds.
realized performance compensation was $63.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $30.6 million, compared to $94.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the decrease in realized performance revenues.
composite returns composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the return information for the private credit and liquid credit composites:
2022                             2021                            2020                             total composite (a)           gross            net                  gross             net           gross       net          gross               net private credit (b)      7        %       4        %          22   %          16   %           1   %           -1   %   11        %         7         %
liquid credit (b)           -3   %           -3   %           5   %           5   %           4   %       4        %   5         %         4         %
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance allocations, net of tax advances.
(b)   effective january 1, 2021, credit returns are presented as separate returns for private credit and liquid credit instead of as a credit composite. private credit returns include mezzanine lending funds and middle market direct lending funds (including bxsl and bcred), stressed/distressed strategies (including stressed/distressed funds and credit alpha strategies) and energy strategies. liquid credit returns include clos, closed-ended funds, open-ended funds and separately managed accounts. only fee-earning funds exceeding $100 million of fair value at the beginning of each respective quarter-end are included. funds in liquidation, funds investing primarily in investment grade corporate credit and asset-based finance funds are excluded. blackstone funds that were contributed to bxc as part of blackstone's acquisition of bxc in march 2008 and the pre-acquisition date performance for funds and vehicles acquired by bxc subsequent to march 2008, are also excluded. private credit and liquid credit's inception to date returns are from december 31, 2005. prior periods have been updated to reflect this presentation.
operating metrics the following table presents information regarding our invested performance eligible assets under management:
invested performance                                                         estimated % above eligible assets under                                                        high water management                                                                   mark/hurdle (a)
credit &amp; insurance (b)       $87,175,669               $66,350,185               $28,944,333              93      %       94      %       58      %
(a)   estimated % above high water mark/hurdle represents the percentage of invested performance eligible assets under management that as of the dates presented would earn performance fees when the applicable credit &amp; insurance managed fund has positive investment performance relative to a hurdle, where applicable. incremental positive performance in the applicable blackstone funds may cause additional assets to reach their respective high water mark or clear a hurdle return, thereby resulting in an increase in estimated % above high water mark/hurdle.
(b)   for the credit &amp; insurance managed funds, at december 31, 2022, the incremental appreciation needed for the 7% of invested performance eligible assets under management below their respective high water marks/hurdles to reach their respective high water marks/hurdles was $2.0 billion, an increase of $225.5 million, compared to $1.8 billion at december 31, 2021. of the invested performance eligible assets under management below their respective high water marks/hurdles as of december 31, 2022, 47% were within 5% of reaching their respective high water mark.
hedge fund solutions the following table presents the results of operations for our hedge fund solutions segment:
management fees, net base management fees                              $565,226                    $636,685                    $582,830           $(71,459          )           -11%                 $53,855                 9%
transaction and other fees, net                      6,193                      11,770                       5,899                    (5,577   )           -47%                   5,871               100%
management fee offsets                                (177   )                    (572   )                    (650   )       395                           -69%                      78               -12%
total management fees, net                         571,242                     647,883                     588,079                   (76,641   )           -12%                  59,804                10%
realized performance revenues                      137,184                     290,980                     179,789                  (153,796   )           -53%                 111,191                62%
realized performance compensation                  (37,977   )                 (76,701   )                 (31,224   )                38,724               -50%                 (45,477   )           146%
realized principal investment income                24,706                      56,733                      54,110                   (32,027   )           -56%                   2,623                 5%
segment distributable earnings were $403.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $264.4 million, compared to $667.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in segment distributable earnings was attributable to decreases of $117.3 million in fee related earnings and $147.1 million in net realizations.
strategies across our hedge fund solutions segment navigated a year of significant market volatility caused by high inflation and escalating interest rates to generally outperform the broader market with significantly less volatility. the performance of some of the underlying managers in our hedge fund solutions segment, however, was adversely impacted by the challenging market environment. segment distributable earnings in the hedge fund solutions segment would likely be negatively impacted by a significant or sustained weak market environment or decline in asset prices, including as a result of concerns over macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. in addition, while certain of our strategies are designed to benefit from a rising interest rate environment, in an environment concurrently characterized by high interest rates and weak equity markets, it may be difficult for funds in certain strategies to exceed interest rate-based performance hurdles to which such funds are subject, which would negatively impact our segment distributable earnings.
outperformance relative to the broader market by strategies in our hedge fund solutions segment, particularly during times of meaningful equity market volatility, could contribute to increased flows in the segment. despite significant volatility in 2022, however, overall in recent years markets have experienced relatively low volatility, which has at times resulted in certain investors reallocating capital away from traditional hedge fund strategies. to the extent markets experience a prolonged period of low volatility and outperform our hedge fund strategies, investors may seek to reallocate capital away from traditional hedge fund strategies, which could negatively impact net flows in our hedge fund solutions segment. conversely, outperformance by our hedge fund solutions strategies in a weak market environment has in some cases resulted in such strategies representing an increasing portion of the value of certain investors' portfolios, which may limit such investors' ability to allocate additional capital to certain funds in the segment, or result in such investors seeking to withdraw capital from such funds. the hedge fund solutions segment operates multiple business lines, manages strategies that are both long and short asset classes and generates a majority of its revenue through management fees. in that regard, the segment's revenues depend in part on our ability to successfully grow such existing diverse business lines and strategies and to identify and scale new ones to meet evolving investor appetites. in recent years we have shifted the mix of our product offerings to include more products whose performance-based fees represent a more significant proportion of the fees earned from such products than has historically been the case.
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $279.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $117.3 million, compared to $396.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in fee related earnings was primarily attributable to a decrease of $76.6 million in management fees, net and increases of $30.2 million in fee related compensation and $10.5 million in other operating expenses.
management fees, net were $571.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $76.6 million, compared to $647.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by a decrease in base management fees. base management fees decreased $71.5 million primarily driven by a decrease in fee-earning assets under management in customized solutions and commingled products.
fee related compensation were $186.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $30.2 million, compared to $156.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to compensation accruals, hiring and corporate allocations.
other operating expenses were $105.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $10.5 million, compared to $94.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to travel and entertainment, and occupancy related expenses.
net realizations net realizations were $123.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $147.1 million, compared to $271.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in net realizations was primarily attributable to decreases of $153.8 million in realized performance revenues and $32.0 million in realized principal investment income, partially offset by a decrease of $38.7 million in realized performance compensation.
realized performance revenues were $137.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $153.8 million, compared to $291.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily driven by reduced realized performance revenues in liquid and specialized solutions and in customized solutions and commingled products.
realized principal investment income was $24.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $32.0 million, compared to $56.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the segment's allocation of the gain recognized in the pátria sale transaction in the first and third quarters of 2021.
realized performance compensation was $38.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $38.7 million, compared to $76.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily due to the decrease in realized performance revenues.
composite returns composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the return information of the baam principal solutions composite:
one year                        three year                      five year                       historical composite                                gross           net             gross           net             gross           net             gross           net baam principal solutions composite (b)   5       %       4       %       6       %       5       %       6       %       5       %       7       %       6       %
(a)   composite returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of blackstone funds.
(b)   baam's principal solutions ("bps") composite covers the period from january 2000 to present, although baam's inception date is september 1990. the bps composite includes only baam-managed commingled and customized multi-manager funds and accounts and does not include baam's individual investor solutions (liquid alternatives), strategic capital (seeding and gp minority stakes), strategic opportunities (co-invests), and advisory (non-discretionary) platforms, except for investments by bps funds directly into those platforms.
baam-managed funds in liquidation and, in the case of net returns, non-fee-paying assets are also excluded. the funds/accounts that comprise the bps composite are not managed within a single fund or account and are managed with different mandates. there is no guarantee that baam would have made the same mix of investments in a stand-alone fund/account. the bps composite is not an investible product and, as such, the performance of the bps composite does not represent the performance of an actual fund or account. the historical return is from january 1, 2000.
operating metrics the following table presents information regarding our invested performance eligible assets under management:
invested performance                                                         estimated % above eligible assets under                                                        high water management                                                                   mark/benchmark (a)
(a)   estimated % above high water mark/benchmark represents the percentage of invested performance eligible assets under management that as of the dates presented would earn performance fees when the applicable hedge fund solutions managed fund has positive investment performance relative to a benchmark, where applicable. incremental positive performance in the applicable blackstone funds may cause additional assets to reach their respective high water mark or clear a benchmark return, thereby resulting in an increase in estimated % above high water mark/benchmark.
(b)   for the hedge fund solutions managed funds, at december 31, 2022, the incremental appreciation needed for the 15% of invested performance eligible assets under management below their respective high water marks/benchmarks to reach their respective high water marks/benchmarks was $757.7 million, an increase of $457.9 million, compared to $299.8 million at december 31, 2021. of the invested performance eligible assets under management below their respective high water marks/ benchmarks as of december 31, 2022, 59% were within 5% of reaching their respective high water mark.
non-gaap financial measures these non-gaap financial measures are presented without the consolidation of any blackstone funds that are consolidated into the consolidated financial statements. consequently, all non-gaap financial measures exclude the assets, liabilities and operating results related to the blackstone funds. see "- key financial measures and indicators" for our definitions of distributable earnings, segment distributable earnings, fee related earnings and adjusted ebitda.
the following table is a reconciliation of net income attributable to blackstone inc. to distributable earnings, total segment distributable earnings, fee related earnings and adjusted ebitda:
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings                                    1,276,402                      4,886,552                      1,012,924
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities                                    107,766                      1,625,306                        217,117
net income (loss) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities                 (142,890   )                      5,740                        (13,898   )
provision for taxes                                                                                              472,880                      1,184,401                        356,014
net income before provision for taxes                                                                          3,461,789                     13,559,396                      2,617,520
transaction-related charges (a)                                                                                   57,133                        144,038                        240,729
unrealized performance revenues (d)                                                                            3,436,978                     (8,675,246   )                    384,758
unrealized performance allocations compensation (e)                                                           (1,470,588   )                  3,778,048                       (154,516   )
unrealized principal investment (income) loss (f)                                                              1,235,529                       (679,767   )                    101,742
equity-based compensation (h)                                                                                    782,090                        559,537                        333,767
realized performance revenues (l)                                                                             (4,461,338   )                 (3,883,112   )                 (1,865,993   )
realized performance compensation (m)                                                                          1,814,097                      1,557,570                        714,347
realized principal investment income (n)                                                                        (396,256   )                   (587,766   )                   (158,933   )
adjusted ebitda reconciliation distributable earnings                                                                                        $6,632,780                     $6,170,837                     $3,341,596
adjusted ebitda                                                                                               $7,810,436                     $7,179,338                     $3,845,881
(a)   this adjustment removes transaction-related charges, which are excluded from blackstone's segment presentation. transaction-related charges arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, and blackstone's initial public offering. they consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs and any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions.
(b)   this adjustment removes the amortization of transaction-related intangibles, which are excluded from blackstone's segment presentation. this amount includes amortization of intangibles associated with blackstone's investment in pátria, which was historically accounted for under the equity method. as a result of pátria's ipo in january 2021, equity method has been discontinued and there is no longer amortization of intangibles associated with the investment.
(c)   this adjustment reverses the effect of consolidating blackstone funds, which are excluded from blackstone's segment presentation. this adjustment includes the elimination of blackstone's interest in these funds and the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.
(d)   this adjustment removes unrealized performance revenues on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents the add back of performance revenues earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.
gaap unrealized performance allocations       $(3,435,056      )            $8,675,246             $(384,393     )
unrealized performance revenues               $(3,436,978      )            $8,675,246             $(384,758     )
(e)   this adjustment removes unrealized performance allocations compensation.
(f)   this adjustment removes unrealized principal investment income (loss) on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents (1) the add back of principal investment income, including general partner income, earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.
gaap unrealized principal investment income (loss)       $(1,563,849       )               $1,456,201             $(114,607       )
unrealized principal investment income (loss)            $(1,235,529       )                 $679,767             $(101,742       )
(g)   this adjustment removes other revenues on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents (1) the add back of other revenues earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of certain transaction-related charges.
(h)   this adjustment removes equity-based compensation on a segment basis.
(i)   this adjustment adds an amount equal to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. the administrative fee is accounted for as a capital contribution under gaap, but is reflected as a reduction of other operating expenses in blackstone's segment presentation.
(j)   taxes represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes and adjusted to exclude the tax impact of any divestitures. related payables represent tax-related payables including the amount payable under the tax receivable agreement. see "- key financial measures and indicators - distributable earnings" for the full definition of taxes and related payables.
(k)   this adjustment removes interest and dividend revenue less interest expense on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents (1) the add back of interest and dividend revenue earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of interest expense associated with the tax receivable agreement.
(l)   this adjustment removes the total segment amount of realized performance revenues.
(m)   this adjustment removes the total segment amount of realized performance compensation.
(n)   this adjustment removes the total segment amount of realized principal investment income.
the following tables are a reconciliation of total gaap investments to net accrued performance revenues. total gaap investments and net accrued performance revenues consist of the following:
investments of consolidated blackstone funds                    $5,136,966                       $2,018,829
equity method investments partnership investments                                          5,530,419                        5,635,212
accrued performance allocations                                 12,360,684                       17,096,873
corporate treasury investments                                   1,053,540                          658,066
other investments                                                3,471,642                        3,256,063
total gaap investments                                         $27,553,251                      $28,665,043
accrued performance allocations - gaap                         $12,360,684                      $17,096,873
less: net realized performance revenues (c)                       (282,730   )                   (1,294,884   )
less: accrued performance compensation - gaap (d)               (5,512,796   )                   (7,324,906   )
net accrued performance revenues                                $6,835,145                       $8,738,077
(a)   this adjustment adds back investments in consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.
(b)   represents gaap accrued performance revenue recorded within due from affiliates.
(c)   represents performance revenues realized but not yet distributed as of the reporting date and are included in distributable earnings in the period they are realized.
(d)   represents gaap accrued performance compensation associated with accrued performance allocations and is recorded within accrued compensation and benefits and due to affiliates.
liquidity and capital resources general blackstone's business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management. blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. as a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. we draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the blackstone funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay dividends to stockholders and distributions to holders of holdings units.
fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the blackstone funds that are consolidated as well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes described below. the majority economic ownership interests of such consolidated blackstone funds are reflected as redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities, and non-controlling interests in consolidated entities in the consolidated financial statements. the consolidation of these blackstone funds has no net effect on blackstone's net income or equity. additionally, fluctuations in our statement of financial condition also include appreciation or depreciation in blackstone investments in the non-consolidated blackstone funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the non-consolidated blackstone funds and the collection of receivables related to management and advisory fees.
total assets were $42.5 billion as of december 31, 2022, an increase of $1.3 billion from december 31, 2021. the increase in total assets was principally due to an increase of $3.3 billion in total assets attributable to consolidated blackstone funds, partially offset by a decrease of $1.5 billion in total assets attributable to consolidated operating partnerships. the increase in total assets attributable to consolidated blackstone funds was primarily due to an increase of $3.1 billion in investments. the increase in investments was primarily due to two newly consolidated blackstone funds. the decrease in total assets attributable to consolidated operating partnerships was primarily due to a decrease of $3.8 billion in investments, partially offset by an increase of $2.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents. the decrease in investments was primarily due to a decrease in accrued performance allocations, primarily attributable to realizations in excess of unrealized performance allocations. the increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to bond issuances and borrowings during the year, as described in "- sources and uses of liquidity."
total liabilities were $22.8 billion as of december 31, 2022, an increase of $3.4 billion, or 17%, from december 31, 2021. the increase in total liabilities was principally due to an increase of $1.9 billion in total liabilities attributable to consolidated operating partnerships and an increase of $1.5 billion in total liabilities attributable to consolidated blackstone funds. the increase in total liabilities attributable to consolidated operating partnerships and consolidated blackstone funds was primarily due to increases of $3.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, in loans payable, partially offset by a $1.8 billion decrease in accrued compensation and benefits attributable to consolidated operating partnerships. the increase in loans payable was primarily due to bond issuances and borrowings, as discussed in the previous paragraph. the decrease in accrued compensation and benefits was primarily due to a decrease in performance compensation.
we have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs as described in "- sources and uses of liquidity."
sources and uses of liquidity we have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in our businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes, liquid investments we hold on our balance sheet and access to our $4.135 billion committed revolving credit facility. on june 3, 2022, blackstone amended and restated its revolving credit facility to, among other things, increase the amount of the revolving credit facility from $2.25 billion to $4.135 billion and to extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility from november 24, 2025 to june 3, 2027. as of december 31, 2022, blackstone had $4.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $1.1 billion invested in corporate treasury investments and $3.5 billion in other investments (which included $3.1 billion of liquid investments), against $11.0 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
on january 10, 2022, blackstone issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.550% senior notes due march 30, 2032 and $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.200% senior notes due january 30, 2052. for additional information see note 13. "borrowings" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing and "- notable transactions."
on june 1, 2022, blackstone issued €500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due june 1, 2034. for additional information see note 13. "borrowings" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing and "- notable transactions."
on november 3, 2022, blackstone issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 5.900% senior notes due november 3, 2027 and $900 million aggregate principal amount of 6.200% senior notes due april 22, 2033. for additional information see note 13. "borrowings" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing and "- notable transactions."
in addition to the cash we received from our notes offerings and availability under our revolving credit facility, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) performance revenue realizations, and (c) realizations on the fund investments that we make. the amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. therefore, blackstone's commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.
we expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, which principally includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, and other obligations as they arise, (d) fund modest capital expenditures, (e) repay borrowings and related interest costs, (f) pay income taxes, (g) repurchase shares of our common stock and blackstone holdings partnership units pursuant to our repurchase program and (h) pay dividends to our stockholders and distributions to the holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. for a tabular presentation of blackstone's contractual obligations and the expected timing of such see "- contractual obligations."
capital commitments our own capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of december 31, 2022 consisted of the following:
fund                original                      remaining                 original                     remaining commitment                    commitment                commitment                   commitment
fund                            original                      remaining                   original                      remaining commitment                    commitment                  commitment                    commitment
private equity bcp v                           $629,356                      $30,642                     $-                            $-
tactical opportunities                   460,508                      216,002                     153,503                      72,001
strategic partners                     1,227,927                      786,732                     166,907                      99,263
total private equity                   6,076,466                    2,567,230                   1,493,201                     718,303
credit &amp; insurance mezzanine / opportunistic ii             120,000                       29,197                     110,101                      26,788
credit alpha fund                         52,102                       19,752                      50,670                      19,209
credit alpha fund ii                      25,500                       12,550                       6,289                       3,095
total credit &amp; insurance           1,386,506                      724,456                     631,890                     279,526
fund                         original                       remaining                   original                    remaining commitment                     commitment                  commitment                  commitment
hedge fund solutions strategic alliance i         $50,000                        $2,033                      $-                          $-
strategic alliance ii                   50,000                        1,482                     -                           -
strategic alliance iii                  22,000                       15,458                     -                           -
strategic alliance iv                   15,000                       15,000                     -                           -
strategic holdings i                   154,610                       27,429                     -                           -
strategic holdings ii                   50,000                       27,125                     -                           -
(a)   for some of the general partner commitments shown in the table above, we require our senior managing directors and certain other professionals to fund a portion of the commitment even though the ultimate obligation to fund the aggregate commitment is ours pursuant to the governing agreements of the respective funds. the amounts of the aggregate applicable general partner original and remaining commitment are shown in the table above. in addition, certain senior managing directors and other professionals may be required to fund a de minimis amount of the commitment in certain carry funds. we expect our commitments to be drawn down over time and to be funded by available cash and cash generated from operations and realizations. taking into account prevailing market conditions and both the liquidity and cash or liquid investment balances, we believe that the sources of liquidity described above will be more than sufficient to fund our working capital requirements.
(b)   represents capital commitments to a number of other funds in each respective segment.
(c)   represents loan origination commitments, revolver commitments and capital market commitments.
for a tabular presentation of the timing of blackstone's remaining capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies see "- contractual obligations".
(a)   the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuer and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by blackstone inc. and each of the blackstone holdings partnerships. the notes contain customary covenants and financial restrictions that, among other things, limit the issuer and the guarantors' ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. the notes also contain customary events of default. all or a portion of the notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the notes. if a change of control repurchase event occurs, the notes are subject to repurchase at the repurchase price as set forth in the notes.
blackstone, through its indirect subsidiary blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c., has a $4.135 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") with citibank, n.a., as administrative agent with a maturity date of june 3, 2027. borrowings may also be made in u.k. sterling, euros, swiss francs, japanese yen or canadian dollars, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. the credit facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly.
for a tabular presentation of the payment timing of principal and interest due on blackstone's issued notes and revolving credit facility see "- contractual obligations".
contractual obligations the following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022 on a consolidated basis and on a basis deconsolidating the blackstone funds:
blackstone issued notes and revolving credit facility (b)                                                        400,000                     321,150                     1,542,300                      8,777,550                     11,041,000
interest on blackstone issued notes and revolving credit facility (c)                                            353,058                     690,541                       666,235                      3,549,518                      5,259,352
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (d)                                                       209,973                           -                             -                              -                        209,973
due to certain non-controlling interest holders in connection with tax receivable agreements (e)                  64,634                     199,671                       213,661                      1,125,378                      1,603,344
unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties (f)                                                        -                           -                             -                              -                              -
blackstone operating entities capital commitments to blackstone funds and other (g)                            5,016,587                           -                             -                              -                      5,016,587
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (d)                                                      (209,973   )                       -                             -                              -                       (209,973   )
blackstone operating entities contractual obligations                                                         $6,085,803                  $1,674,793                    $2,774,630             $14,127,684                    $24,662,910
(a)   we lease our primary office space and certain office equipment under agreements that expire through 2043. occupancy lease agreements, in addition to contractual rent payments, generally include additional payments for certain costs incurred by the landlord, such as building expenses, and utilities. to the extent these are fixed or determinable they are included in the table above. the table above includes operating leases that are recognized as operating lease liabilities, short-term leases that are not recorded as operating lease liabilities and leases that have been signed but not yet commenced which are not recorded as operating lease liabilities. the amounts in this table are presented net of contractual sublease commitments.
(b)   represents the principal amount due on the senior notes we issued assuming no pre-payments are made and the notes are held until their final maturity. as of december 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolver.
(c)   represents interest to be paid over the maturity of our senior notes which has been calculated assuming no pre-payments are made and debt is held until its final maturity date. these amounts include commitment fees for unutilized borrowings under our revolver.
(d)   these obligations represent commitments of the consolidated blackstone funds to make capital contributions to investee funds and portfolio companies. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.
(e)   represents obligations by blackstone's corporate subsidiary to make payments under the tax receivable agreements to certain non-controlling interest holders for the tax savings realized from the taxable purchases of their interests in connection with the reorganization at the time of blackstone's ipo in 2007 and subsequent purchases. the obligation represents the amount of the payments currently expected to be made, which are dependent on the tax savings actually realized as determined annually without discounting for the timing of the payments. as required by gaap, the amount of the obligation included in the consolidated financial statements and shown in note 18. "related party transactions" (see "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data") differs to reflect the net present value of the payments due to certain non-controlling interest holders.
(f)   as of december 31, 2022, there were no unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties. in addition, blackstone is not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with gross unrecognized benefits of $153.6 million and interest of $38.0 million; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table.
(g)   these obligations represent commitments by us to provide general partner capital funding to the blackstone funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and blackstone principal investment commitments. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category; however, a substantial amount of the capital commitments are expected to be called over the next three years. we expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.
guarantees blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. the amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in note 19. "commitments and contingencies - contingencies - guarantees" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
indemnifications in many of its service contracts, blackstone agrees to indemnify the third party service provider under certain circumstances. the terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the above contractual obligations table or recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2022.
clawback obligations performance allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the performance allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceed the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. the amounts and nature of blackstone's clawback obligations are described in note 19. "commitments and contingencies - contingencies - contingent obligations (clawback)" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
share repurchase program on december 7, 2021, blackstone's board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of common stock and blackstone holdings partnership units. under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. the timing and the actual number repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. the repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, blackstone repurchased 3.9 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $392.0 million. as of december 31, 2022, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $1.1 billion.
dividends our intention is to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of blackstone inc.'s share of distributable earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by our board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of our business, to make appropriate investments in our business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and dividends to stockholders for any ensuing quarter. the dividend amount could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.
for blackstone's definition of distributable earnings, see "- key financial measures and indicators."
all of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and our board of directors may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely.
because the publicly traded entity and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately paid as dividends by blackstone to common stockholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per share or per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the blackstone holdings partnerships to the blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships in respect of their blackstone holdings partnership units. following blackstone's conversion from a limited partnership to a corporation, we expect to pay more corporate income taxes than we would have as a limited partnership, which will increase this difference between the per share dividend and per unit distribution amounts.
dividends are treated as qualified dividends to the extent of blackstone's current and accumulated earnings and profits, with any excess dividends treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder's basis.
the following graph shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common stockholder dividends for 2022, 2021 and 2020. dividends are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.
with respect to fiscal year 2022, we paid to stockholders of our common stock a dividend of $1.32, $1.27, $0.90 and $0.91 per share in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating to $4.40 per share of common stock. with respect to fiscal years 2021 and 2020, we paid stockholders of our common stock aggregate dividends of $4.06 per share and $2.26 per share, respectively.
leverage we may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for blackstone and our stockholders. in addition to the borrowings from our notes issuances and our revolving credit facility, we may use reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet purchased. repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. the balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on blackstone's liquidity needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.
the following table presents information regarding these financial instruments in our consolidated statements of financial condition:
repurchase                 securities agreements              sold, not yet purchased
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. in applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. these assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. if actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. we believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. for a description of our accounting policies, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
principles of consolidation for a description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies - consolidation" and note 9. "variable interest entities" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for detailed information on blackstone's involvement with vies. the following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial results, and management's process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
the determination that blackstone holds a controlling financial interest in a blackstone fund or investment vehicle significantly changes the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. in our consolidated statements of financial position included in this filing, we present 100% of the assets and liabilities of consolidated vies along with a non-controlling interest which represents the portion of the consolidated vehicle's interests held by third parties. however, assets of our consolidated vies can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated vie and are not available for general use by blackstone. further, the liabilities of our consolidated vies do not have recourse to the general credit of blackstone. in the consolidated statements of operations, we eliminate any management fees, incentive fees, or performance allocations received or accrued from consolidated vies as they are considered intercompany transactions. we recognize 100% of the consolidated vie's investment income (loss) and allocate the portion of that income (loss) attributable to third party ownership to non-controlling interests in arriving at net income attributable to blackstone inc.
the assessment of whether we consolidate a blackstone fund or investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment. these judgments are applied both at the time we become involved with the vie and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to:
•   determining whether our management fees, incentive fees or performance allocations represent variable interests - we make judgments as to whether the fees we earn are commensurate with the level of effort required for those fees and at market rates. in making this judgment, we consider, among other things, the extent of third party investment in the entity and the terms of any other interests we hold in the vie.
•   determining whether kick-out rights are substantive - we make judgments as to whether the third party investors in a partnership entity have the ability to remove the general partner, the investment manager or its equivalent, or to dissolve (liquidate) the partnership entity, through a simple majority vote. this includes an evaluation of whether barriers to exercise these rights exist.
•   concluding whether blackstone has an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the vie - as there is no explicit threshold in gaap to define "potentially significant," management must apply judgment and evaluate both quantitative and qualitative factors to conclude whether this threshold is met.
revenue recognition for a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies -revenue recognition" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data." for an additional description of the nature of our revenue arrangements, including how management fees, incentive fees, and performance allocations are generated, please refer to "part i. item 1. business - fee structure/incentive arrangements." the following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of revenue recognition principles impact our financial results, and management's process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
management and advisory fees, net - blackstone earns base management fees from its customers at a fixed percentage of a calculation base which is typically assets under management, net asset value, gross asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital. the range of management fee rates and the calculation base from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:
on private equity, real estate, and certain of our hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds:
•   0.25% to 1.75% of committed capital or invested capital during the investment period,
•   0.25% to 1.50% of invested capital, committed capital or investment fair value subsequent to the investment period for private equity and real estate funds, and
•   1.00% to 1.75% of invested capital or net asset value subsequent to the investment period for certain of our hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds.
on real estate and credit-focused funds structured like hedge funds:
•   0.50% to 1.00% of net asset value.
on credit separately managed accounts:
•   0.20% to 1.35% of net asset value or total assets.
•   0.65% to 2.00% of invested capital, net operating income or net asset value.
on insurance separately managed accounts and investment vehicles:
•   0.25% to 1.00% of net asset value.
•   0.20% to 1.50% of net asset value.
•   0.20% to 0.50% of the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash.
on credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies:
•   0.25% to 1.25% of total assets or net asset value.
the investment adviser of bxmt receives annual management fees based on 1.50% of bxmt's net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated "distributable earnings" (which is generally equal to its gaap net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments. the investment advisers of breit and bepif receive a management fee of 1.25% per annum of net asset value, payable monthly.
management fee calculations based on committed capital or invested capital are mechanical in nature and therefore do not require the use of significant estimates or judgments. management fee calculations based on net asset value, total assets, or investment fair value depend on the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used as well as economic conditions. see "- fair value" below for further discussion of the judgment required for determining the fair value of the underlying investments.
investment income (loss) - performance allocations are made to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. blackstone has concluded that investments made alongside its limited partners in a partnership which entitle blackstone to a performance allocation represent equity method investments that are not in the scope of the gaap guidance on accounting for revenues from contracts with customers. blackstone accounts for these arrangements under the equity method of accounting. under the equity method, blackstone's share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value ("hlbv") method. under the hlbv method, at the end of each reporting period blackstone calculates the accrued performance allocations that would be due to blackstone for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. performance allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the performance allocation received to date exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results.
the change in the fair value of the investments held by certain blackstone funds is a significant input into the accrued performance allocation calculation and accrual for potential repayment of previously received performance allocations. estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. see "- fair value" below for further discussion related to significant estimates and assumptions used for determining fair value of the underlying investments.
fair value blackstone uses fair value throughout the reporting process. for a description of our accounting policies related to valuation, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies - fair value of financial instruments" and "summary of significant accounting policies - investments at fair value" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing. the following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of fair value principles impact our financial results, and management's process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
the fair value of the investments held by blackstone funds is the primary input to the calculation of certain of our management fees, incentive fees, performance allocations and the related compensation we recognize. generally, blackstone funds are accounted for as investment companies under the american institute of certified public accountants accounting and auditing guide, investment companies, and in accordance with the gaap guidance on investment companies and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the "portfolio companies"), at fair value. in the absence of observable market prices, we utilize valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis and assumptions that we believe market participants would use to determine the fair value of the investments. for investments where little market activity exists management's determination of fair value is based on the best information available in the circumstances, which may incorporate management's own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, and the consideration of a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks.
blackstone has also elected the fair value option for certain instruments it owns directly, including loans and receivables, investments in private debt securities and other proprietary investments. blackstone is required to measure certain financial instruments at fair value, including debt instruments, equity securities and freestanding derivatives.
fair value of investments or instruments that are publicly traded securities that are publicly traded and for which a quoted market exists will be valued at the closing price of such securities in the principal market in which the security trades, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market on the valuation date. when a quoted price in an active market exists, no block discounts or control premiums are permitted regardless of the size of the public security held. in some cases, securities will include legal and contractual restrictions limiting their purchase and sale for a period of time. a discount to publicly traded price may be appropriate in instances where a legal restriction is a characteristic of the security, such as may be required under sec rule 144. the amount of the discount, if taken, shall be determined based on the time period that must pass before the restricted security becomes unrestricted or otherwise available for sale.
fair value of investments or instruments that are not publicly traded investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity or debt of operating companies or real estate properties. our primary methodology for determining the fair values of such investments is generally the income approach which provides an indication of fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business, security, or property is expected to generate in the future. the most widely used methodology under the income approach is the discounted cash flow method which includes significant assumptions about the underlying investment's projected net earnings or cash flows, discount rate, capitalization rate and exit multiple. our secondary methodology, generally used to corroborate the results of the income approach, is typically the market approach. the most widely used methodology under the market approach relies upon valuations for comparable public companies, transactions, or assets, and includes making judgments about which companies, transactions, or assets are comparable. depending on the facts and circumstances associated with the investment, different primary and secondary methodologies may be used including option value, contingent claims or scenario analysis, yield analysis, projected cash flow through maturity or expiration, probability weighted methods or recent round of financing.
in certain cases debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. in determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments.
management process on fair value due to the importance of fair value throughout the consolidated financial statements and the significant judgment required to be applied in arriving at those fair values, we have developed a process around valuation that incorporates several levels of approval and review from both internal and external sources. investments held by blackstone funds and investment vehicles are valued on at least a quarterly basis by our internal valuation or asset management teams, which are independent from our investment teams.
for investments valued utilizing the income method and where blackstone has information rights, we generally have a direct line of communication with each of the portfolio companies' and underlying assets' finance teams and collect financial data used to support projections used in a discounted cash flow analysis. the valuation team then analyzes the data received and updates the valuation models reflecting any changes in the underlying cash flow projections, weighted-average cost of capital, exit multiple or capitalization rate, and any other valuation input relevant economic conditions.
the results of all valuations of investments held by blackstone funds and investment vehicles are reviewed by the relevant business unit's valuation sub-committee, which is comprised of key personnel from the business unit, typically the chief investment officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer (or their respective equivalents where applicable) and other senior managing directors in the business. to further corroborate results, each business unit also generally obtains either a positive assurance opinion or a range of value from an independent valuation party, at least annually for internally prepared valuations for investments that have been held by blackstone funds and investment vehicles for greater than a year and quarterly for certain investments. our firmwide valuation committee, chaired by our chief financial officer and comprised of senior members of our businesses and representatives from corporate functions, including legal and finance, reviews the valuation process for investments held by us and our investment vehicles, including the application of appropriate valuation standards on a consistent basis. each quarter, the valuation process is also reviewed by the audit committee of our board of directors, which is comprised of our non-employee directors.
income tax for a description of our accounting policy on taxes and additional information on taxes see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 15. "income taxes," respectively, in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
our provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. current income taxes approximate taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse.
additionally, significant judgment is required in estimating the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including valuation allowance), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. in evaluating these judgments, we consider, among other items, projections of taxable income (including the character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. these assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that blackstone uses to manage its business. to the extent any portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded.
revisions in estimates and/or actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.
recent accounting developments information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on blackstone can be found in note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
interbank offered rates transition certain jurisdictions are currently reforming or phasing out their benchmark interest rates, most notably libor across multiple currencies. many such reforms and phase outs became effective at the end of 2021 with select u.s. dollar libor tenors persisting through june 2023 and others potentially persisting on a synthetic basis through september 2024. blackstone has taken steps to prepare for and mitigate the impact of changing base rates and continues to manage transition efforts and evaluate the impact of prospective changes on existing transactions and contractual arrangements. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - interest rates on our and our portfolio companies' outstanding financial instruments might be subject to change based on regulatory developments, which could adversely affect our revenue, expenses and the value of those financial instruments."