item 1a. risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
government regulation we are conducting a formal internal review of our emission certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to our pick-up truck applications and are working with the epa and carb to address their questions about these applications. due to the continuing nature of our formal internal review and on-going discussions with the epa and carb, we cannot predict the final results of this formal review and these regulatory processes, nor whether, or the extent to which, they could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we previously announced that we are conducting a formal internal review of our emissions certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to all of our pick-up truck applications, following conversations with the epa and carb regarding certification of our engines for model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks. during conversations with the epa and carb about the effectiveness of our pick-up truck applications, the regulators raised concerns that certain aspects of our emissions systems may reduce the effectiveness of our emissions control systems and thereby act as defeat devices. as a result, our internal review focuses, in part, on the regulators' concerns. we are working closely with the regulators to enhance our emissions systems to improve the effectiveness of all of our pick-up truck applications and to fully address the regulators' requirements. based on discussions with the regulators, we have developed a new calibration for the engines in model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks that has been included in all engines shipped since september 2019. during our ongoing discussions, the regulators turned their attention to other model years and other engines, most notably our pick-up truck applications for ram 2500 and 3500 trucks for model years 2013 through 2018 and titan trucks for model years 2016 through 2019. we have also been in communication with environmental and climate change canada regarding similar issues relating to some of these very same platforms. in connection with these and other ongoing discussions with the epa and carb, we are developing a new software calibration and will recall model years 2013 through 2018 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks. we accrued $30 million for the ram recall during the first quarter of 2022, an amount that reflected our current estimate of the cost of that recall. we are also developing a new software calibration and hardware fix and will recall model years 2016 through 2019 titan trucks. we accrued $29 million for the titan recall during the third quarter of 2022, an amount that reflected our current estimate of the cost of that recall.we will continue to work together closely with the relevant regulators to develop and implement recommendations for improvement and seek to reach further resolutions as part of our ongoing commitment to compliance. due to the presence of many unknown facts and circumstances, we are not yet able to estimate any further financial impact of these matters. it is possible that the consequences resulting from our formal review and these regulatory processes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the eu, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. the discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
developing engines and components to meet more stringent and changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.
in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-u.s. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the united states-mexico-canada agreement and the u.s. trade relationship with china, brazil and france and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries, including based on developments in u.s. and china relations), import or export licensing requirements and exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could limit our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets, impair our ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products and services, and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the u.s. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, limit the sales of our products. embargoes, sanctions and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to china. in particular, changing u.s. export controls and sanctions on china, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving china and chinese parties, could affect our ability to collect receivables, provide aftermarket and warranty support for our products, sell products and otherwise impact our reputation and business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by the adoption of new tax legislation, changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the european union general data protection regulation. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives may adversely impact our operations, could impact the competitive landscape within our markets and could negatively affect demand for our products.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.concern over climate change has resulted in, and could continue to result in, new legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions. we may become subject to additional legislation, regulations or accords regarding climate change, and compliance with any new rules could be difficult and costly, including increased capital expenditures. our failure to successfully comply with any such legislation, regulation or accord could also impact our ability to compete in our markets and decrease demand for our products.
future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term.
in an effort to limit ghg emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. these countries include china, india and germany. in addition, california government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of certain diesel-powered vehicles by 2035. to the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts.
business conditions / disruptions we may fail to successfully integrate the acquisition of meritor and / or fail to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow from our acquisition which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the acquisition of meritor will involve the integration of meritor's operations with our existing operations, and there are uncertainties inherent in such an integration. we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating meritor's operations. our ability to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow, from our acquisition of meritor will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully integrate the products into our segments, launch the meritor products around the world and achieve our projected sales goals. while we believe we will ultimately achieve these objectives, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve some or all of these objectives within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. if we are not able to successfully complete the integration of the meritor business or implement our meritor strategy, we may not fully realize the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flows, from this acquisition or such anticipated benefits may take longer to realize than expected. as part of the purchase accounting associated with the acquisition, significant goodwill and intangible asset balances were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. if cash flows from the acquisition fall short of our anticipated amounts, these assets could be subject to non-cash impairment charges, negatively impacting our earnings. failure to successfully integrate meritor and / or realize the anticipated benefits could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are vulnerable to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages, which impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are experiencing supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain. we single source a number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including, but not limited to, raw material availability, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes or unrest, shortages of labor, economic downturns, availability of credit, impaired financial condition, sanctions/tariffs, pandemic restrictions, energy inflation/availability, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism). the effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, the current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and increased levels of inflation of many of our raw material, transportation and other costs. in particular, increased levels of inflation, rising interest rates and concerns regarding a potential economic recession may result in increased operating costs and/or decreased levels of profitability. further, the labor market for skilled manufacturing remains tight, and our labor costs have increased as a result. material, transportation, labor and other cost inflation has impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, and the global response (including government bans or restrictions on doing business in russia), could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
given the nature of our business and our global operations, political, economic, and other conditions in foreign countries and regions, including geopolitical risks such as the current conflict between russia and ukraine, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we suspended our commercial operations in russia indefinitely, which resulted in a charge of $111 million during 2022 related to these actions. as of december 31, 2022, we had no inventory and approximately $14 million of receivables in russia, all of which are fully reserved. in addition, we have cash balances of $66 million, some of which will be used to fund ongoing employee, tax and contract settlement obligations. we may incur additional charges as conditions continue to evolve including with respect to our planned extrication from our relationship with kamaz publicly traded company and its subsidiaries, including the unconsolidated joint venture. in addition, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, an inability to collect customer receivables and may be the subject of litigation in connection with our suspension of commercial operations in russia. the broader consequences of this conflict, which may include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts; potential retaliatory action by the russian government against companies, including possible nationalization of foreign businesses in russia; increased tensions between the united states and countries in which we operate; and the extent of the conflict's effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted. to the extent the current conflict between russia and ukraine adversely affects our business, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, particularly with regard to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations; disruptions to our information technology environment, including through cyberattack, ransom attack, or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; disruptions in global supply chains; and our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. we manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. in periods of weak demand, we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our china-based investees.
for 2022, we recognized $349 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $506 million in 2021. approximately one third of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from three of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china - beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our truck manufacturers and oem customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, experiencing financial distress or experiencing a change-in-control of one of our large truck oem customers, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck oem customers which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. many are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers, financial distress of one of our large truck oem customers due to a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 14, "product warranty liability" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world as well as elevated levels of inflation may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks, there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, could result in declining margins.
we are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, hydrogen production and fuel cells, for planned introduction into certain new and existing markets. given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. the ongoing energy transition away from fossil fuels and the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified or alternate fuel powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
general we may not complete the separation of our filtration business within the time frame we anticipate or at all. the separation may present difficulties that could have an adverse effect on us and/or the independent business resulting from the separation and/or costs associated with the separation may be higher than anticipated. additionally, if we complete the separation, we may not realize some or all of the expected benefits of the separation.
in august 2021, we announced our exploration of strategic alternatives for our filtration business unit, including the potential separation of the business into a stand-alone company (the "separation"). any separation would be complex in nature, and unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in law, the macroeconomic environment and market conditions or regulatory or political conditions may affect our ability to complete the separation, within the anticipated time frame or at all.
whether or not the separation is completed, our businesses may face material challenges in connection with this transaction, including, without limitation:
•retaining existing business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers, employees and other counterparties, and attracting new business and operational relationships;
•execution and related risks in connection with financing transactions undertaken in connection with the separation;
any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, if the separation is completed, the new independent company will incur ongoing costs, including costs of operating as an independent company, that the separated business will no longer be able to share. those costs may exceed our estimates or could diminish the benefits we expect to realize from the separation.
our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.
rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for our products and our customers' ability to repay obligations to us. rising interest rates may increase our cost of capital which could have material adverse effects on our financial condition and cash flows.
we depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team and others at all levels of the company, as a critical part of our human capital resources. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel in a highly competitive labor market, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we may be adversely impacted by the effects of climate change and may incur increased costs and experience other impacts due to new or more stringent climate change regulations, accords, mitigation efforts, ghg regulations or other legislation designed to address climate change.
the scientific consensus indicates that emissions of ghg continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. the potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. these potential impacts may include, among other items, physical long-term changes in freshwater availability and the frequency and severity of weather events as well as customer product changes either through preference or regulation.
concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses, accords and mitigation efforts. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions, and consumers are increasingly demanding products and services resulting in lower ghg emissions. we could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease ghg emissions. increased input costs, such as fuel, utility, transportation and compliance-related costs could increase our operating costs and negatively impact customer operations and demand for our products. as the impact of any future climate related legislative or regulatory requirements on our global businesses and products is dependent on the timing, scope and design of the mandates or standards, we are currently unable to predict its potential impact which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
climate change may exacerbate the frequency and intensity of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions, which may cause disruptions to our operations, including disrupting manufacturing, distribution and our supply chain.
our information technology environment and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology environment and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these technologies and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new technologies, they may not perform as expected. we face the challenge of supporting our older technologies and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these technologies are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important technology, including during upgrades and/or new implementations of technologies, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. as customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the data handled by our technologies is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. while we continually work to safeguard our information technology environment and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that these actions will be sufficient to prevent information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, ransomware attacks and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. these threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. as the result of changing market conditions, a large percentage of our salaried employees continue to work remotely full or part-time. this remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology environment.
in addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex technologies that control various processes and these technologies are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. the impact of a significant information technology event on either our information technology environment or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. greater political, economic and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of our competition, customer base and product offerings and impact our growth globally.
our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•economic and political instability, including international conflicts, war, acts of terrorism or the threat thereof, political or labor unrest, civil unrest, riots or insurrections;
•the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•changes in general economic and political conditions, including changes in relationship with the u.s., in countries where we operate, particularly in china and emerging markets.
as we continue to operate and grow our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
in addition, there continues to be significant uncertainty about the future relationships between the u.s. and china, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, especially trade with china could adversely impact our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face significant competition in the regions we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, hydrogen, electrification and other technologies, and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of performance, price, total cost of ownership, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging regions who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. additionally, we face increasing competition to develop innovative products that result in lower emissions. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
failure to meet environmental, social and governance (esg) expectations or standards, or to achieve our esg goals, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in recent years, there has been an increased focus from stakeholders on esg matters, including ghg emissions and climate-related risks, renewable energy, water stewardship, waste management, diversity, equity and inclusion, responsible sourcing and supply chain, human rights and social responsibility. given our commitment to certain esg principles, we actively manage these issues and have established and publicly announced certain goals, commitments and targets which we may refine, or even expand further, in the future. these goals, commitments and targets reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts to manage these issues, report on them and accomplish our goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material adverse impact, including on our reputation.
•reputational harm, including damage to our relationships with customers, suppliers, investors, governments or other stakeholders;
•adverse impacts on our ability to sell and manufacture products;
•the success of our collaborations with third parties;
•increased risk of litigation, investigations or regulatory enforcement action;
•our ability to achieve our goals, commitments and targets within the timeframes announced;
•access to and increased cost of capital and
any failure, or perceived failure, to meet evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards or achieve our esg goals, commitments and targets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
at december 31, 2022, we employed approximately 73,600 persons worldwide. approximately 23,400 of our employees worldwide were represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2023 and 2027. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by us, our customers or suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. see management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in current and future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity and length of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•liquidity and capital resources
•application of critical accounting estimates
•recently adopted accounting pronouncements the following is the discussion and analysis of changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. the discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2020 and changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 that are not included in this form 10-k may be found in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 8, 2022.
executive summary and financial highlights overview we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel, natural gas, electric and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems, automated transmissions, axles, drivelines, brakes, suspension systems, electric power generation systems, batteries, electrified power systems, electric powertrains, hydrogen production and fuel cell products. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, traton group (formerly navistar international corporation), daimler trucks north america and stellantis n.v. we serve our customers through a service network of approximately 460 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and more than 10,000 cummins certified dealer locations in approximately 190 countries and territories.
our reportable operating segments consist of engine, components, distribution, power systems and new power. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines (15 liters and smaller) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, electronics, fuel systems, automated transmissions, axles, drivelines, brakes and suspension systems. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the power systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas, marine and rail), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components. the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell and electric powertrain technologies. the new power segment is currently in the early stages of commercializing these technologies with efforts primarily focused on the development of our electrolyzers for hydrogen production and electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. we continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our oem partners and end customers.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels, production schedules, stoppages and supply chain challenges. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by geopolitical risks (such as the conflict between russia and ukraine), currency fluctuations, political and economic uncertainty, public health crises (epidemics or pandemics) and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry higher levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry, region, the economy of any single country or customer on our consolidated results.
meritor acquisition on august 3, 2022, we completed the acquisition of meritor, inc. (meritor) with a purchase price of $2.9 billion (including debt repaid concurrent with the acquisition). our consolidated results and segment results include meritor's activity since the date of acquisition. meritor was split into the newly formed axles and brakes business and electric powertrain. the results for the axles and brakes business are included in our components segment while the electric powertrain portion is included in our new power segment. see note 2, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
supply chain disruptions we continue to experience supply chain disruptions, increased price levels and related financial impacts reflected as increased cost of sales and inventory holdings. our industry continues to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages and price increases across multiple component categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing supply chain issues. should the supply chain issues continue for an extended period of time or worsen, the impact on our production and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the board of directors (the board) continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors and the related impacts on our business and operations, and we are diligently working to minimize the supply chain impacts to our business and to our customers.
russian operations on march 17, 2022, the board indefinitely suspended our operations in russia due to the ongoing conflict in ukraine, which resulted in reduced sales in russia and charges of $111 million in 2022. see note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our industry's sales continue to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing other supply chain issues limiting full production capabilities.
worldwide revenues improved 17 percent in 2022 compared to 2021, due to meritor sales of $1.9 billion since the date of acquisition, favorable pricing and higher demand in all operating segments and most geographic regions except for china and russia. net sales in the u.s. and canada improved by 24 percent primarily due to favorable pricing and increased demand in north american heavy-duty and medium-duty on-highway markets, which positively impacted all components businesses and all distribution product lines, as well as incremental sales of axles and brakes in north america since the acquisition of meritor. international demand (excludes the u.s. and canada) improved by 8 percent compared to 2021, with lower sales in china (due to a sharp slowdown in construction and truck markets, exacerbated by covid lockdowns) and russia (resulting from the indefinite suspension of our russian operations)
more than offset by higher sales in most other geographic regions. the increase in international sales was principally due to incremental sales of axles and brakes in latin america and western europe since the acquisition of meritor, favorable pricing and higher demand for power generation and generator technologies equipment and all distribution product lines. unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations impacted international sales by 5 percent (mainly the euro, chinese renminbi, british pound and indian rupee).
the following table contains sales and ebitda (defined as earnings or losses before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and noncontrolling interests) by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. see note 24, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
of total                                                                                                                                        of total in millions                                                              sales                                          ebitda                                           sales                                          ebitda                                           sales                                          ebitda engine                                                         $10,945                                              39       %                                  $1,541                                          $9,954                                              42       %                                  $1,411                                              10       %                                       9       %
(1) ebitda includes $111 million of costs associated with the suspension of our russian operations, $83 million of costs related to the acquisition and integration of meritor and $81 million of costs associated with the planned separation of our filtration business.
the increases in net income attributable to cummins inc. and earnings per diluted share were driven by higher net sales and increased gross margin, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses (including meritor acquisition and integration costs and costs associated with the planned separation of our filtration business), increased research, development and engineering expenses, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees (primarily in china), costs associated with the suspension of our russian operations, losses in corporate owned life insurance, increased interest expense related to new borrowings and higher intangible asset amortization resulting from our acquisitions. the increase in gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales was mainly due to favorable pricing and increased volumes, partially offset by higher material costs and increased compensation expenses. diluted earnings per common share for 2022 benefited $0.15 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase program.
we generated $2.0 billion of operating cash flows in 2022, compared to $2.3 billion in 2021. see the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2022, was 44.1 percent, compared to 31.5 percent at december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher debt balances since december 31, 2021, resulting from funding the acquisition of meritor. at december 31, 2022, we had $2.6 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our $4.0 billion credit facilities, net of commercial paper outstanding, to meet acquisition, working capital, investment and funding needs.
in 2022, we repurchased $374 million or 1.9 million shares of common stock. see note 17, "cummins inc. shareholders' equity" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on november 30, 2022, we completed the acquisition of siemens' commercial vehicles propulsion business (siemens cvp) for approximately $187 million. see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on september 30, 2022, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a $1.0 billion credit agreement, consisting of a $400 million revolving credit facility and a $600 million term loan facility, in anticipation of the separation of our filtration business. see note 13, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on august 17, 2022, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement and an incremental 364-day credit agreement, which allow us to borrow up to $1.5 billion and $500 million, respectively, of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 16, 2023.
on august 3, 2022, we completed the acquisition of meritor with a purchase price of $2.9 billion (including debt that was retired on the closing date). see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on july 13, 2022, we entered into a loan agreement under which we may obtain delayed-draw loans in an amount up to $2.0 billion in the aggregate prior to october 13, 2022. we drew down the entire $2.0 billion balance on august 2, 2022, to fund the acquisition of meritor.
on april 8, 2022, we completed the acquisition of jacobs vehicle systems business (jacobs) from altra industrial motion corp. with a purchase price of $345 million. see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration of an undetermined amount of debt and equity with the sec on february 8, 2022.
on february 7, 2022, we purchased westport fuel system inc.'s stake in cummins westport, inc. (westport jv) with a purchase price of $42 million. see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2022, the investment loss on our u.s. pension trusts was 5.7 percent while our u.k. pension trusts' loss was 41.3 percent. our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 120 percent funded at december 31, 2022. our u.s. defined benefit plans (qualified and non-qualified), which represented approximately 69 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, were 121 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plans were 119 percent funded at december 31, 2022. we expect to contribute approximately $106 million in cash to our global pension plans in 2023. in addition, we expect our 2023 net periodic pension income to approximate $2 million. see application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 11, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
as of the date of this filing, our credit ratings and outlooks from the credit rating agencies remain unchanged.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                  349                         506                         452                    (157)                       (31)    %                      54                         12    %
•components segment sales increased 27 percent largely due to axles and brakes sales since the completion of the meritor acquisition.
•power systems segment sales increased 14 percent primarily due to favorable pricing and higher demand in power generation markets in latin america, north america and india and stronger demand in industrial markets with higher aftermarket sales and increased oil and gas demand in north america and china.
•new power segment sales increased 71 percent principally due to higher electrified components sales, traction sales since the completion of the meritor and siemens cvp acquisitions and improved sales of fuel cells and electrolyzers.
these increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations of 2 percent of total sales, primarily in the euro, chinese renminbi, british pound and indian rupee.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 41 percent of total net sales in 2022, compared with 44 percent of total net sales in 2021. a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
cost of sales the types of expenses included in cost of sales are the following: parts and material consumption, including direct and indirect materials; salaries, wages and benefits; depreciation on production equipment and facilities and amortization of technology intangibles; estimated costs of warranty programs and campaigns; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing, including receiving and inspection; freight costs; engineering support costs; repairs and maintenance; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production facilities; charges for the write-downs of inventories in russia and other production overhead.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased $313 million, primarily due to higher consulting expenses driven by acquisitions, integration and the work towards the separation of the filtration business, higher compensation costs and increased travel expenses, partially offset by lower variable compensation expenses. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 9.6 percent in 2022 from 9.9 percent in 2021. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales was due mainly to net sales increasing at a faster rate than the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses.
research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas powered engines and related components as well as development activities around battery electric, fuel cell electric and hydrogen engine solutions.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased $157 million, mainly due to lower earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. and dongfeng cummins engine co., ltd., the $28 million impairment of our investment in our russian joint venture with kamaz and the february 7, 2022, purchase of westport fuel system inc.'s stake in westport jv. see note 2, "acquisitions," and note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
loss on write-off of assets                                                           (7)                                                        (12)
(1) see note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(loss) gain on marketable securities, net                                                             (7)                                                                       6
the year ended december 31, 2022, contained discrete tax items that netted to zero, primarily due to $31 million of favorable changes in accrued withholding taxes, $29 million of favorable changes in tax reserves, $15 million of favorable valuation allowance adjustments and $9 million of favorable other net discrete items, offset by $69 million of unfavorable tax costs associated with internal restructuring ahead of the planned separation of our filtration business and $15 million of unfavorable return to provision adjustments related to the 2021 filed tax returns.
the year ended december 31, 2021, contained $9 million of unfavorable net discrete tax items, primarily due to $12 million of unfavorable provision to return adjustments related to the 2020 filed tax returns, partially offset by $3 million of favorable other discrete tax items.
our effective tax rate for 2023 is expected to approximate 22.0 percent, excluding any discrete tax items that may arise.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. federal government enacted the inflation reduction act of 2022 into law effective beginning in 2023. the bill includes numerous tax provisions, including a 15 percent corporate minimum tax as well as a one percent excise tax on share repurchases. we do not currently expect the legislation will have a material effect on our results of operations or liquidity.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased $1 million principally due to lower earnings at hydrogenics corporation, partially offset by higher earnings at eaton cummins joint venture.
in millions                                                             translation adjustment                    primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar                          translation adjustment               primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly-owned subsidiaries                                               $(250)                                    chinese renminbi and indian rupee                                       $(23)                         brazilian real, british pound, indian rupee and euro, partially offset by chinese renminbi equity method investments                                               (94)                                      chinese renminbi                                                           19                         chinese renminbi, partially offset by indian rupee consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest                (40)                                      indian rupee                                                              (5)                         indian rupee total                                                                   $(384)                                                                                                             $(9)
operating segment results our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, components, distribution, power systems and new power segments. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. we use segment ebitda as the primary basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. we believe ebitda is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. see note 24, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                                                         166                                 (1)                                 340                                                                     312                                                       (174)                                                                    (51)           %                                                          28                                                                       9           %
segment ebitda                                                                                                           1,541                                                                   1,411                                                                   1,235                                                         130                                                                       9           %                                                         176                                                                      14           %
percentage points                                                                                                                               percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                                                                 14.1           %                                                        14.2           %                                                        15.4           %                                                                                                                               (0.1)                                                                                                                                           (1.2)
(1) includes a $28 million impairment of our joint venture with kamaz and $3 million of royalty charges as part of our costs associated with the suspension of our russian operations. in addition, on february 7, 2022, we purchased westport fuel system inc.'s stake in the westport jv. see note 2, "acquisitions," and note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) see note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(3) includes $31 million of russian suspension costs reflected in the equity, royalty and interest income from investees line above.
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows:
total unit shipments                  631,900                     664,700                     529,200          (32,800)                        (5)    %                 135,500                         26    %
•heavy-duty truck engine sales increased $519 million principally due to favorable pricing and stronger demand (including higher aftermarket sales), especially in north america with shipments up 18 percent.
the increases were partially offset by decreased light-duty automotive demand of $174 million primarily due to our indefinite suspension of our operations in russia and lower sales to stellantis.
segment ebitda engine segment ebitda increased $130 million, primarily due to favorable pricing and improved mix, partially offset by higher material costs, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees (principally decreased earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. and dongfeng cummins engine co., ltd., the $28 million impairment of our investment in our russian joint venture with kamaz and the february 7, 2022, purchase of westport fuel system inc.'s stake in the westport jv) and increased research, development and engineering expenses. see note 2, "acquisitions," and note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                      71                                  50                                  61                            21                                  42     %                          (11)                                (18)     %
segment ebitda                                                                       1,346               (2)             1,180                                 961                           166                                  14     %                           219                                  23     %
percentage points                                                       percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                                   13.8     %                          15.4     %                          16.0     %                                                             (1.6)                                                                   (0.6)
(1) see note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) includes $83 million of costs related to the acquisition and integration of meritor and $28 million of costs associated with the planned separation of our filtration business.
(1) includes sales of $118 million related to the newly acquired jacobs vehicle systems business. see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•axles and brakes sales added $1.9 billion in sales since the completion of the meritor acquisition.
segment ebitda components segment ebitda increased $166 million, mainly due to favorable pricing, improved mix and increased volumes (including axles and brakes since the completion of the meritor acquisition), partially offset by higher material costs and meritor acquisition and integration costs.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                77                            63                            62                         14                            22    %                        1                             2    %
segment ebitda                                                                   888                           731                           665                        157                            21    %                       66                            10    %
percentage points                                           percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                               9.9    %                      9.4    %                      9.3    %                                                      0.5                                                         0.1
(1) see note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
segment ebitda distribution segment ebitda increased $157 million, primarily due to higher volumes, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (principally in emerging market currencies, south african rand, australian dollar and japanese yen), costs associated with the suspension of our russian operations, increased freight costs due to supply chain constraints, higher compensation expenses and an inventory write-off. see note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                43                            56                            21                     (13)                          (23)    %                       35                                 nm interest income                                                                    7                             5                             4                        2                            40    %                        1                            25    %
segment ebitda                                                                   596                           496                           343                      100                            20    %                      153                            45    %
percentage points                                           percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                              11.8    %                     11.2    %                      9.4    %                                                    0.6                                                         1.8
(1) see note 23, "russian operations," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
these increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, primarily in the euro, indian rupee and british pound.
segment ebitda power systems segment ebitda increased $100 million, primarily due to favorable pricing, partially offset by higher material costs, increased freight costs due to supply chain constraints and costs associated with the suspension of our russian operations.
new power segment results the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell and electric powertrain technologies. the new power segment is currently in the early stages of commercializing these technologies with efforts primarily focused on the development of our electrolyzers for hydrogen production and electrified power systems and related components and subsystems.
equity, royalty and interest loss from investees                        (8)                     (3)                     (4)                (5)                                 nm                  1                            25    %
segment ebitda                                                        (340)                   (223)                   (172)              (117)                          (52)   %                (51)                          (30)    %
"nm" - not meaningful information new power segment sales increased 71 percent principally due to higher electrified components sales, traction sales since the completion of the meritor and siemens cvp acquisitions and improved sales of fuel cells and electrolyzers.
2023 outlook supply chain disruptions we continue to experience supply chain disruptions, increased price levels and related financial impacts reflected as increased cost of sales and inventory holdings. our industry continues to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages and price increases across multiple component categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing supply chain issues. the board continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors and the related impacts on our business and operations, and we are diligently working to minimize the supply chain impacts to our business and to our customers.
business outlook our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that could impact our revenue and earnings potential in 2023.
positive trends
•we expect demand within our power systems business to remain strong, including the power generation, mining, oil and gas and marine markets.
•our industry's sales continue to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing other supply chain issues limiting full production capabilities.
•the completion of the meritor, inc. acquisition in 2022 impacted our liquidity and resulted in incremental interest expense for debt utilized in funding the transaction and increased amortization of intangible assets which will negatively impact net income.
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management's attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
working capital (1)                                                          $3,030                        $5,225
total debt as a percent of total capital                                       44.1      %                   31.5      %
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
net cash provided by operating activities                                        $1,962                      $2,256                      $2,722                     $(294)                        $(466)
net cash used in investing activities                                           (4,172)                       (873)                       (719)                    (3,299)                         (154)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                               1,669                     (2,227)                         280                      3,896                       (2,507)
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $294 million, primarily due to higher working capital requirements of $646 million, partially offset by lower equity earnings, net of dividends of $147 million and russian suspension costs of $111 million. the higher working capital requirements resulted in a cash outflow of $1.0 billion compared to a cash outflow of $359 million in the comparable period in 2021, mainly due to decreased accrued expenses (as a result of lower variable compensation accruals in 2022) and higher accounts receivable due to increased sales, partially offset by a lower spend in inventories and favorable changes in accounts payable.
net cash used in investing activities increased $3.3 billion, principally due to $3.2 billion of acquisitions, net of cash acquired for meritor, jacobs vehicle systems, siemens cvp and westport jv. see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net cash provided by financing activities increased $3.9 billion, primarily due to higher net borrowings of commercial paper of $2.3 billion, increased proceeds from borrowings of $2.0 billion (principally our $2.0 billion term loan) and lower repurchases of common stock of $1.0 billion, partially offset by higher payments on borrowings and finance lease obligations of $1.5 billion ($0.9 billion of which relates to debt assumed in the meritor acquisition that was retired during the third quarter of 2022 and $450 million of term loan payments in the fourth quarter of 2022).
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents increased $15 million, primarily due to favorable fluctuations in the british pound, partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in the chinese renminbi.
for prior year liquidity comparisons see the liquidity and capital resources section of our 2021 form 10-k.
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing operating cash flow. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $2.0 billion provided in 2022. at december 31, 2022, our sources of liquidity included:
in millions                                                                                                                                                                                total                                                                                                                          u.s.                                                                                                                 international                                                                                    primary location of international balances cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                            $2,101                                                                                                                          $870                                                                                                                        $1,231                                                                                               singapore, china, canada, belgium, australia, mexico marketable securities (1)                                                                                                                                               472                                                                                                                            80                                                                                                                           392                                                                                                                                              india total                                                                                                                                                                $2,573                                                                                                                          $950                                                                                                                        $1,623
available credit capacity revolving credit facilities (2)                                                                                                                                      $1,426
international and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities                                                                                                         $226
(1) the majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
(2) the five-year credit facility for $2.0 billion, the 364-day credit facility for $1.5 billion and the $500 million incremental 364-day credit facility, maturing august 2026 and august 2023, respectively, are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2022, we had $2.6 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced our available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $1.4 billion.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flows are generated outside the u.s. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
if we distribute our foreign cash balances to the u.s. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay withholding taxes, for example, if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we asserted are completely or partially permanently reinvested. foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the u.s. consist primarily of earnings of our china, india, canada (including underlying subsidiaries) and netherlands domiciled subsidiaries. at present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment. however, to help fund cash needs of the u.s. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity on july 13, 2022, we entered into a loan agreement under which we may obtain delayed-draw loans in an amount up to $2.0 billion in the aggregate prior to october 13, 2022. we drew down the entire $2.0 billion balance on august 2, 2022, to help fund the acquisition of meritor. the interest rate is based on secured overnight financing rate (sofr) for the one-month interest period plus the relevant spread. the loan will mature on august 1, 2025. the agreement contains customary events of default and financial and other covenants, including maintaining a net debt to capital ratio of no more than 0.65 to 1.0.
on august 17, 2022, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement, which allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 16, 2023. this credit agreement amended and restated the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on august 17, 2022. on august 17, 2022, we also entered into an incremental 364-day credit agreement, which allows us to borrow up to $500 million of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 16, 2023.
in connection with the new credit agreements, on august 17, 2022, we entered into an amendment to our $2.0 billion five-year facility to replace libor with sofr as an interest rate benchmark and to make other conforming changes to interest rate determinations.
we have access to committed credit facilities totaling $4.0 billion, including the $1.5 billion 364-day facility that expires august 16, 2023, $500 million incremental 364-day facility that expires august 16, 2023, and $2.0 billion five-year facility that expires on august 18, 2026. these revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. we intend to maintain credit facilities at the current or higher aggregate amounts by renewing or replacing these facilities at or before expiration. the credit agreements include various financial covenants, including, among others, maintaining a net debt to capital ratio of no more than 0.65 to 1.0. at december 31, 2022, our net leverage ratio was 0.31 to 1.0. there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2022.
we can issue up to $4.0 billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to the board authorized commercial paper programs. these programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third-party brokers. we use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for acquisitions and general corporate purposes. the total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs should not exceed $4.0 billion. at december 31, 2022, we had $2.6 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced our available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $1.4 billion. see note 13, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2019 we entered into $350 million of interest rate lock agreements, and in 2020 we entered into an additional $150 million of lock agreements to reduce the variability of the cash flows of the interest payments on a total of $500 million of fixed rate debt forecast to be issued in 2023 to replace our senior notes at maturity. in december 2022, we settled certain rate lock agreements with notional amounts totaling $150 million for $49 million in cash. this amount will remain in other comprehensive income to be recognized over the term of the anticipated new debt as discussed above.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the sec on february 8, 2022. under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.
in july 2017, the u.k.'s financial conduct authority, which regulates the libor, announced it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. the cessation date for submission and publication of rates for certain tenors of libor has since been extended until mid-2023. various central bank committees and working groups continue to discuss replacement of benchmark rates, the process for amending existing libor-based contracts and the potential economic impacts of different alternatives. the alternative reference rates committee has identified the sofr as its preferred alternative rate for u.s. dollar libor. sofr is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. we have evaluated the potential impact of the replacement of the libor benchmark interest rate including risk management, internal operational readiness and monitoring the financial accounting standards board standard-setting process to address financial reporting issues that might arise in connection with transition from libor to a new benchmark rate. while we do not believe the change will materially impact us due to our operational and system readiness coupled with relevant contractual fallback language, we continue to evaluate all eventual transition risks. in anticipation of libor's phase out, our revolving credit and term loan agreements incorporate the use of sofr as a replacement for libor. our 5-year credit facility maturing august 18, 2026, as amended to date, also incorporates sofr. additionally, with respect to our approximately $1.3 billion in libor-based fixed to variable rate swaps maturing in 2025 and 2030, we reviewed and believe our adherence to the 2020 libor fallback protocol will allow for a smooth transition to the designated replacement rate when that transition occurs.
on september 30, 2022, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a $1.0 billion credit agreement (credit agreement), consisting of a $400 million revolving credit facility and a $600 million term loan facility (facilities), in anticipation of the separation of our filtration business. borrowings under the credit agreement will not become available under the credit agreement unless and until, among other things, there is a sale to the public of shares in our subsidiary that holds the filtration business (parent borrower). the credit agreement will automatically terminate if no such public sale of shares of parent borrower occurs on or prior to march 30, 2023. borrowings under the credit agreement would be available to parent borrower and one or more of its subsidiaries (borrower). if borrowings become available under the credit agreement, the facilities would mature on september 30, 2027.
borrowings under the credit agreement would bear interest at varying rates, depending on the type of loan and, in some cases, the rates of designated benchmarks and the applicable borrower's election. generally, u.s. dollar-denominated loans would bear interest at adjusted term sofr (which includes a 0.10 percent credit spread adjustment to term sofr) for the applicable interest period plus a rate ranging from 1.125 percent to 1.75 percent depending on parent borrower's net leverage ratio.
supply chain financing we currently have supply chain financing programs with financial intermediaries, which provide certain vendors the option to be paid by financial intermediaries earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. when a vendor utilizes the program and receives an early payment from a financial intermediary, they take a discount on the invoice. we then pay the financial intermediary the face amount of the invoice on the regularly scheduled due date. the maximum amount that we may have outstanding under the program is $532 million. we do not reimburse vendors for any costs they incur for participation in the program and their participation is completely voluntary. as a result, all amounts owed to the financial intermediaries are presented as accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. amounts due to the financial intermediaries reflected in accounts payable at december 31, 2022, were $331 million.
uses of cash acquisitions acquisitions for the year ended december 31, 2022, were as follows.
entity acquired (dollars in millions)                            date of acquisition         additional percent interest acquired                 payments to former owners            acquisition related debt retirements                       total purchase consideration(1)
meritor, inc.                                                               08/03/22                                         100%                          2,613                                               248                                             2,861
see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $855 million, $809 million and $782 million, respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by the board, who meets quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
stock repurchases in december 2021, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the $2.0 billion repurchase plan authorized in 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2022, we made the following purchases under our stock repurchase program:
in millions (except per share amounts)                                                          shares                                                average cost                                               total cost of                                                                    remainingauthorizedcapacity (1)
(1) the remaining $218 million authorized capacity under the 2019 plan was calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares, but excludes commission expenses in accordance with the authorized plan.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were $916 million, $734 million and $528 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend an estimated $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion in 2023 on capital expenditures with over 60 percent of these expenditures expected to be invested in north america.
current maturities of short and long-term debt we had $2.6 billion of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2022, that matures in less than one year. the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt requires significant cash outflows in 2023 when our 3.65 percent senior notes and 2025 when our term loan and 0.75 percent senior notes are due. required annual long-term debt principal payments range from $44 million (2024) to $2.1 billion (2025) over the next five years. see note 13, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
pensions our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 120 percent funded at december 31, 2022. our u.s. defined benefit plans (qualified and non-qualified), which represented approximately 69 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, were 121 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plans were 119 percent funded at december 31, 2022. the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2022, the investment loss on our u.s. pension trusts was 5.7 percent while our u.k. pension trusts' loss was 41.3 percent.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to the u.s. and u.k. plans were as follows:
defined benefit pension contributions                                  $53                     $78                  $92
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $106 million to our global defined benefit pension plans in 2023. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2023 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
future uses of cash a summary of our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at december 31, 2022, are as follows:
capital expenditures                                                                            547                                                     -
purchase commitments for inventory                                                            1,024                                                     2
other purchase commitments                                                                      438                                                   116
transitional tax liability                                                                       43                                                   185
other postretirement benefits                                                                    22                                                   136
international and other domestic letters of credit                                               60                                                    50
guarantees and other commitments                                                                 34                                                    12
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $283 million as of december 31, 2022, which includes $104 million of current tax liabilities and $179 million of long-term deferred tax liabilities. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 5, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
redeemable noncontrolling interests a 19 percent minority shareholder in one of our businesses, hydrogenics corporation (hydrogenics), has, among other rights and subject to related obligations and restrictive covenants, rights that are exercisable between september 2022 and september 2026 to require us to (1) purchase such shareholder's shares (put option) at an amount up to the fair market value (calculated pursuant to a process outlined in the shareholders' agreement) and (2) sell to such shareholder hydrogenics' electrolyzer business at an amount up to the fair market value of the electrolyzer business (calculated pursuant to a process outlined in the shareholders' agreement). we recorded the estimated fair value of the put option as redeemable noncontrolling interests in our consolidated financial statements with an offset to additional paid-in capital. at december 31, 2022, the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance was $258 million.
credit ratings our rating and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below:
long-term                                                                                                                                                                                                   short-term credit rating agency (1)                                                                              senior debt rating                                                                                                                                                                                          debt rating                                        outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services                                                                 a+                                                                                                                                                                                                          a1                                                 stable moody's investors service, inc.                                                                       a2                                                                                                                                                                                                          p1                                                 stable
(1) credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we believe our access to capital markets, our existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund acquisitions, dividend payments, common stock repurchases, targeted capital expenditures, projected pension obligations, working capital and debt service obligations through 2023 and beyond. we continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs as noted above.
application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of the board. we believe our critical accounting estimates include estimating liabilities for warranty programs, fair value of intangible assets, assessing goodwill impairments, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits.
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when management internally approves or commits to the action. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters and new product specific experience thereafter. note 14, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2022, 2021 and 2020 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
fair value of intangible assets we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of our acquisitions can be complex and requires the use of significant judgment with regard to (i) the fair value and (ii) the period and the method by which the intangible asset will be amortized. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired intangibles. we estimate the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses, which includes estimates of discount rates, revenue growth rates, earnings or losses before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and noncontrolling interests (ebitda), royalty rates, customer attrition rates, customer renewal rates and technology obsolesce rates. the projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. although we believe the projections, assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates require significant judgment by management, are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. any adjustments subsequent to the measurement period are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. see note 2, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our recent business combinations.
goodwill impairment we are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether a goodwill impairment event has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our reporting units. we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level and our reporting units are the operating segments or the components of operating segments that constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by management.
we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform an annual quantitative goodwill impairment test. we elected this option on certain reporting units. the following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount:
•macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets;
•industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing;
•other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel and
•events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions.
the examples noted above are not all-inclusive, and we consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining whether to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill recoverability assessment is based on our annual strategic planning process. this process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows. in order to determine the valuation of our reporting units, we use either the market approach or the income approach using a discounted cash flow model. our income approach method uses a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships and available external information about future trends.
the discounted cash flow model requires us to make projections of revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions for the reporting units over a multi-year period. additionally, management must estimate a weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects a market rate, for each reporting unit for use as a discount rate. the discounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit and, if less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as a goodwill impairment loss. in addition, we also perform a sensitivity analysis to determine how much our forecasts can fluctuate before the fair value of a reporting unit would be lower than its carrying amount. future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in our goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. an increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect our financial statements in any given year. we perform the required procedures as of the end of our fiscal third quarter.
after considering the results of the recent fair value valuations related to the meritor acquisition, the capital markets environment, economic conditions, results of operations and other factors, we concluded that the fair value of all of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value as of september 30, 2022. however, given the recent acquisition of meritor, when fair value equaled carrying value as of the acquisition date (august 3, 2022), there is a heightened risk of a future impairment to the extent its fair value changes in future periods.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. future tax benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2022, we recorded a net deferred tax liability of $24 million. the net deferred tax assets included $799 million for the value of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $704 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. we believe we made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 5, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans globally, with the majority of assets in the u.s. and the u.k. in the u.s. and the u.k., we have major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension plans, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, inflation, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded passive fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of the value added by active investment management. at december 31, 2022, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 30-year projection period equal to or in excess of 6.50 percent, including the additional positive returns expected from active investment management.
the one-year return for our u.s. plans was a 5.7 percent loss for 2022. our u.s. plan assets averaged annualized returns of 6.58 percent over the prior ten years and resulted in approximately $166 million of actuarial losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss (aocl) in the same period. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations for capital markets, as plan assets continue to be de-risked, consistent with our investment policy, we believe our investment return assumption of 7.00 percent in 2023 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable and attainable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2022, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 4.01 percent. the one-year return for our u.k. plans was a 41.3 percent loss for 2022. the majority of the cummins u.k. plan's assets and certain meritor u.k. plan's assets are linked to the price of u.k. government gilts in order to hedge movements in the liabilities. u.k. government gilts fell approximately 40 percent during 2022 while our total u.k. pension assets fell by 41.3 percent as a result of the asset price declines over the same period. we generated average annualized returns of 2.76 percent over ten years, resulting in approximately $310 million of actuarial losses in aocl. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations as the plan assets continue to be de-risked, we believe that an investment return assumption of 5.00 percent in 2023 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable and attainable.
our target allocation for 2023 and pension plan asset allocations, excluding meritor, at december 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:
liability matching                                 72.0       %                      70.0      %                               70.0      %                        65.0       %                      48.0      %                               52.0      %
meritor's investment policies in the u.s. and u.k. have historically targeted a well-diversified asset allocation strategy to promote asset growth while maintaining an acceptable level of risk over the long-term with a goal of minimizing company contributions. we are actively reviewing the plan investments and will pursue adjustments to the allocation when appropriate and necessary to align the assets more closely with our management's strategy and view of prudent and acceptable risk to the company, the plan and its funding goals. target allocation for 2023 and pension plan asset allocation at december 31, 2022, for meritor plans are as follows:
meritor u.s. plan                                                                            meritor u.k. plan target allocation                   percentage of plan assets at december 31,                target allocation                   percentage of plan assets at december 31, investment description                                  2023                                                        2022                             2023        2022
liability matching                                 -   %                                               -   %                                   35       %                                          70               %
due to the extreme market volatility in the u.k. during the fourth quarter of 2022, the meritor u.k. plan rebalanced a significant portion of the plan into liability matching assets. the current investment policy and asset allocation targets for the u.k. plan are being actively reviewed to determine if any changes are appropriate.
pension accounting offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligations (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in aocl and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, we may also adopt immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $693 million ($525 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and under certain circumstances, such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, the difference is amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under the delayed recognition alternative, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in aocl. as our losses related to the u.s. and u.k. pension plans exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $129 million after-tax in 2022. the loss is primarily due to unfavorable asset returns, partially offset by higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k.
we expect 2023 net periodic pension income to increase compared to 2022, primarily due to the full year benefit of the meritor pension plans added during the acquisition and a higher estimated return on assets in the u.s. and u.k. the decrease in net periodic pension cost in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. and favorable actuarial experience in the u.s., partially offset by a lower expected rate of return in the u.k. the decrease in net periodic pension cost in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to favorable actuarial experience and investment returns, partially offset by lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate suggest the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2022, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
discount rate used to value liabilities
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 11, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.