item 1a.  risk factors the statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operation and the trading price of our debt or equity securities. although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized.
in addition, this section sets forth statements which constitute our cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements. the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "estimates," "anticipates," "predicts," "projects," "plans," "expects," "intends," "target," "forecast," "believes," "seeks," "could," "should," "may" and "will" or the negative versions thereof and similar words, terms and expressions and by the context in which they are used. such statements are based upon current expectations of cintas and speak only as of the date made. you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. these statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in or implied by this annual report. factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the possibility of greater than anticipated operating costs including energy and fuel costs; lower sales volumes; loss of customers due to outsourcing trends; the performance and costs of integration of acquisitions; fluctuations in costs of materials and labor, including increased medical costs; interest rate volatility; costs and possible effects of union organizing activities; failure to comply with government regulations concerning employment discrimination, employee pay and benefits and employee health and safety; the effect on operations of exchange rate fluctuations, tariffs and other political, economic and regulatory risks; uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered expenses and liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation; our ability to meet our goals relating to esg opportunities, improvements and efficiencies; the cost, results and ongoing assessment of internal controls for financial reporting; the effect of new accounting pronouncements; disruptions caused by the inaccessibility of computer systems data, including cybersecurity risks; the initiation or outcome of litigation, investigations or other proceedings; higher assumed sourcing or distribution costs of products; the disruption of operations from catastrophic or extraordinary events including global health pandemics such as the covid-19 coronavirus; the amount and timing of repurchases of our common stock, if any; changes in federal and state tax and labor laws; and the reactions of competitors in terms of price and service. cintas undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements or to otherwise update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or to reflect events, circumstances or any other unanticipated developments arising after the date on which such statements are made, except otherwise as required by law. the risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business.
negative economic conditions, in north america and our other markets, may adversely affect our financial performance. higher levels of unemployment, inflation, recessionary conditions, geopolitical developments, tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could adversely affect the demand for cintas' products and services. increases in labor costs, including the cost to provide employee-partner related healthcare benefits, minimum wages, labor shortages or shortages of skilled labor, regulations regarding the classification of employees and/or their eligibility for overtime wages, higher material costs for items such as fabrics and textiles, the inability to obtain insurance coverage at cost-effective rates, higher interest rates, inflation, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could increase our costs of rental uniforms and facility services, cost of other services and selling and administrative expenses. as a result, these factors could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has created widespread disruption in the global economy and has had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial performance, as well as on the results of operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve and operate. the duration of the pandemic itself and the market and workplace disruptions it has caused, as well as the long-term effects on the economy and our customers are uncertain and as yet unknowable. these factors, as they become more certain, could adversely affect our workforce, sales and overall business. furthermore, the ultimate impact of global health pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic on our consolidated results of operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited to: the impact of global health pandemics on global and regional economies, including the impact of governmental, business and individuals' actions taken in response to such pandemics; the availability of federal, state or local pandemic relief programs; general economic uncertainty in key financial markets and financial market volatility; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the pace of recovery when the global health pandemic subsides. we are unable to predict the extent to which global health pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic and related impacts will continue to adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position and the achievement of our strategic objectives.
increased competition could adversely affect our financial performance.
we operate in highly competitive industries and compete with national, regional and local providers. product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in these industries. if existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, cintas may be required to lower prices, which would hurt its results of operations. cintas' competitors also generally compete with cintas for acquisition candidates, which can increase the price for acquisitions and reduce the number of available acquisition candidates. in addition, our customers and prospects may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services to us. these competitive pressures could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations.
an inability to open new, cost effective operating facilities may adversely affect our expansion efforts.
we plan to expand our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. the opening of new operating facilities is necessary to gain the capacity required for this expansion. our ability to open new operating facilities depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws and other similar factors. any inability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts, and consequently, adversely affect our financial performance.
risks associated with our acquisition practice could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
historically, a portion of our growth has come from acquisitions. we continue to evaluate opportunities for acquiring businesses that may supplement our internal growth. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate and purchase suitable acquisitions. in addition, the success of any acquisition, including the ability to realize anticipated cost synergies, depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. the process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. if management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, we may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies resulting from acquisitions and our business could suffer. although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover or adequately protect against all material liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator. the failure to identify suitable acquisitions and successfully integrate these acquired businesses, or to discover liabilities associated with such businesses in the diligence process, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. we require all our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the u.s. political and economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. in addition, u.s. and foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. these and other factors, including the potential negative impact of global health pandemics such as covid-19 affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
we rely extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales, consolidated results of operations and reputation and expose us to litigation risk.
our businesses rely on various computer systems, including third-party systems, to provide customer information, process customer transactions and provide other general information necessary to manage our businesses. we have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. however, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employees. although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our sales, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. in addition, cyber-security attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none of these incidents, individually or in the aggregate, have had a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. if the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems to address these threats to our technology fails, or we are unable to successfully address security incidents, production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected company, customer, or employee information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, or other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability and damage to our reputation.
we also rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including our sap enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data and lease data. if these third-party vendors, as well as our suppliers and other vendors, experience service interruptions or damage, security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events or intrusions, our business and our consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation. while we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud. this may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
we may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in key positions. failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
we believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which has been imparted by management throughout our corporate organization. our corporate culture, along with our entire operation, depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key employees. competitive pressures and labor shortages within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employees which could adversely affect our businesses.
we believe we have positive labor relationships with our employees. however, factors such as difficulty to attract key employees, reduced employee engagement, third-party organizational efforts and increased employee turnover could adversely affect our labor relationships with our employees. a failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees and could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes (including those caused by climate change), war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, global health pandemics such as covid-19, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. these events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. in addition, negative publicity, whether warranted or not, impacting brand image perception could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
financial risks our indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business.
our outstanding indebtedness may have negative consequences on our business, such as requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend increases, stock buybacks and other general corporate purposes, as well as increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. in addition, it may limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business or industry or place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt.
changes in the fuel and energy industry could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
the price of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside our control, including geopolitical developments, supply and demand for fuel and other energy related products, actions by energy producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries, regional production patterns, limits on refining capacities, natural disasters, environmental concerns including the impact of legislative and regulatory efforts to limit ghg emissions and global health pandemics such as covid-19. increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
we earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the u.s. dollar, primarily the canadian dollar. in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenue denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar represented less than 10% of our consolidated revenue. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenue and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, fluctuations in the value of the u.s. dollar against other major currencies, particularly in the event of significant increases in foreign currency revenue, will impact our revenue and operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. this impact could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
we may recognize impairment charges, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
we assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and our long-lived assets for impairment when required by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap). these accounting principles require that we record an impairment charge if circumstances indicate that the asset carrying values exceed their estimated fair values. the estimated fair value of these assets is impacted by, but not limited to, macroeconomic, industry and market conditions in the locations in which we operate. deterioration in these general economic conditions may result in: declining revenue, which can lead to excess capacity and declining operating cash flow; reductions in management's estimates for future revenue and operating cash flow growth; increases in borrowing rates and other deterioration in factors that impact our weighted average cost of capital; and deteriorating real estate values. if our assessment of goodwill, other intangible assets or long-lived assets indicates an impairment of the carrying value for which we recognize an impairment charge, this may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
the effects of credit market volatility and changes in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and consolidated results of operations.
our operating cash flows, combined with access to the credit markets, provide us with significant discretionary funding capacity. however, deterioration in the global credit markets may limit our ability to access credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and/or increase our cost of borrowing. in addition, credit market deterioration and its actual or perceived effects on our results of operations and financial condition, along with deterioration in general economic conditions, may increase the likelihood that the major independent credit agencies will downgrade our credit ratings, which could increase our cost of borrowing. increases in our cost of borrowing could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
legal and regulatory risks failure to comply with federal and state regulations to which we are subject could result in penalties or costs that could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
our business is subject to complex and stringent state and federal regulations, including employment laws and regulations, minimum wage requirements, overtime requirements, working condition requirements, citizenship requirements, transportation and other laws and regulations. in particular, we are subject to the regulations promulgated by the u.s. department of transportation (usdot) and under the occupational safety and health act of 1970, as amended (osha act). we have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with the usdot regulations, the osha act and other laws and regulations to which we are subject. changes in laws, regulations and the related interpretations, including any laws or regulations that may be enacted by the current u.s. presidential administration and congress, may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. the impact of new laws and regulations cannot be predicted. compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines by government authorities, payment of damages to private litigants, or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could adversely affect our ability to service customers and our consolidated results of operations.
we are subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
we are subject to various litigation claims and legal proceeding arising from the ordinary course of our business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. certain of these lawsuits or potential future lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability and expense material to our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
compliance with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant costs that adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
our operating locations are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing discharges of pollutants to the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. the operation of our businesses entails risks under environmental laws and regulations. we could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines and sanctions and claims by third parties for property damage and personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under these laws and regulations. we are currently involved in a limited number of remedial investigations and actions at various locations. while based on information currently known to us, we believe that we maintain adequate reserves with respect to these matters, our liability could exceed forecasted amounts, and the imposition of additional clean-up obligations or the discovery of additional contamination at these or other sites could result in significant additional costs which could adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the future.
under applicable environmental laws, an owner or operator of real estate may be required to pay the costs of removing or remediating hazardous materials located on or emanating from property, whether or not the owner or operator knew of or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous materials. while we regularly engage in environmental due diligence in connection with acquisitions, we can give no assurance that locations that have been acquired or leased have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations during prior periods or that future uses or conditions will not make us liable under these laws or expose us to third-party actions, including tort suits.
increased global focus on climate change may result in the imposition of new or additional regulations or requirements applicable to, and increased financial risks for, our business and industry. a number of government authorities and agencies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes to address climate change, including the regulation of ghg emissions. the outcome of new legislation or regulation in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, including to fund energy efficiency activities or renewable energy use, and fees or restrictions on certain activities or materials. compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, additional investments in renewable energy use and other initiatives, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. we may not be able to timely recover the cost of compliance with such new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
our ability to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals are subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation and brands could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to esg matters, including practices and disclosures related to environmental stewardship; social responsibility; diversity, equity and inclusion; and workplace rights. our ability to achieve our esg goals, including our goal to achieve net zero ghg emissions by 2050, and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal and other risks, and may be dependent on the actions of suppliers and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control. if we are unable to meet our esg goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for esg issues, our reputation could be negatively impacted. in addition, in recent years, investor advocacy groups and certain institutional investors have placed increasing importance on esg matters. if, as a result of their assessment of our esg practices, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our company.
as the nature, scope and complexity of esg reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand, including the sec's recently proposed disclosure requirements regarding, among other matters, ghg emissions, we may have to undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on esg metrics. any failure or perceived failure, whether or not valid, to pursue or fulfill our esg goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various esg reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could increase the risk of litigation.
changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or other tax law implementations or interpretations, could increase our effective tax rate, restrict our ability to repatriate undistributed offshore earnings, or impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices and reduce our net income and adversely affect our cash flows.
we are also subject to tax audits, including with respect to transfer pricing, in the u.s. and other jurisdictions and our tax positions may be challenged by tax authorities. although we believe that our current tax provisions are reasonable and appropriate, there can be no assurance that these items will be settled for the amounts accrued, that additional tax exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be necessary for any such exposures. any increase in the amount of taxation incurred as a result of challenges to our tax filing positions could result in a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business strategy cintas helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes, primarily in the u.s., as well as canada and latin america, get readytm to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance our customers' image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe and looking their best. with products and services including uniforms, mats, mops, restroom supplies, first aid and safety products, fire extinguishers and testing, and safety training, cintas helps customers get ready for the workday®.
we are north america's leading provider of corporate identity uniforms through rental and sales programs, as well as a significant provider of related business services, including entrance mats, restroom cleaning services and supplies, first aid and safety services and fire protection products and services.
cintas' principal objective is "to exceed customers' expectations in order to maximize the long-term value of cintas for shareholders and working partners," and it provides the framework and focus for cintas' business strategy. this strategy is to achieve revenue growth for all our products and services by increasing our penetration at existing customers and by broadening our customer base to include market segments to which we have not historically served. we will also continue to identify additional product and service opportunities for our current and future customers.
to pursue the strategy of increasing penetration, we have a highly talented and diverse team of service professionals visiting our customers on a regular basis. this frequent contact with our customers enables us to develop close personal relationships. the combination of our distribution system and these strong customer relationships provides a platform from which we launch additional products and services.
we pursue the strategy of broadening our customer base in several ways. cintas has a national sales organization introducing all its products and services to prospects in all market segments. our broad range of products and services allows our sales organization to consider any type of business a prospect. we also broaden our customer base through geographic expansion. finally, we evaluate strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise.
results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations focuses on discussion of fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021 results. for discussion of fiscal 2021 results compared to fiscal 2020 results, see the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" within our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended may 31, 2021, filed with the sec on july 28, 2021.
cintas classifies its business into two reportable operating segments and places the remainder of its operating segments in an all other category. cintas' two reportable operating segments are uniform rental and facility services and first aid and safety services. the uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment consists of the rental and servicing of uniforms and other garments including flame resistant clothing, mats, mops and shop towels and other ancillary items. in addition to these rental items, restroom cleaning services and supplies and the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route are included within this reportable operating segment. the first aid and safety services reportable operating segment consists of first aid and safety products and services. the remainder of cintas' business, which consists of the fire protection services operating segment and the uniform direct sale operating segment, is included in all other. these operating segments consist of fire protection products and services and the direct sale of uniforms and related items. cintas evaluates operating segment performance based on revenue and income before income taxes. revenue and income before income taxes for the reportable operating segments for the years ended may 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented in note 15 entitled operating segment information of "notes to consolidated financial statements." the company regularly reviews its operating segments for reporting purposes based on the information its chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance and makes changes when appropriate.
we have operations throughout the u.s. and canada and participate in a global supply chain. since fiscal 2020, the existence of the covid-19 pandemic, the fear associated with the covid-19 pandemic and the reactions of governments around the world in response to the covid-19 pandemic to regulate the flow of labor and products and impede the business of our customers, impacted our ability to conduct normal business operations, which had an adverse effect on our business. many of cintas' customers were also impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, and we saw an impact on some customer's ability to pay timely. while there was minimal disruption to our supply chain, cintas did increase inventory, primarily personal protective equipment and facility services inventory, in response to the customer needs and demand associated with the safety and cleanliness requirements of covid-19. the increase in inventory resulted in additional inventory reserves during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. see note 1 entitled significant accounting policies of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional detail on the incremental reserves placed on inventory. the on-going roll out of the covid-19 vaccines and gradual lifting of covid-19 restrictions had a positive impact on our business during fiscal 2022. the impact of the on-going covid-19 pandemic is fluid and continues to evolve, and therefore, we cannot predict the extent to which our business, consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial condition or liquidity will ultimately be impacted.
uniform rental and facility services                               79.3%                   80.0%
uniform rental and facility services                               53.3%                   52.4%
uniform rental and facility services                               46.7%                   47.6%
uniform rental and facility services                               25.0%                   26.0%
fiscal 2022 total revenue was $7.9 billion, an increase of 10.4% over the prior fiscal year. revenue increased organically by 10.2% as a result of increased sales volume. organic growth adjusts for the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. total revenue was positively impacted by 0.1% due primarily to acquisitions and by 0.1% due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
as previously discussed, government enactments of temporary and indefinite closures of certain businesses in response to the covid-19 pandemic continued to impact our ability to access and service some of our customers impacted by these mandates during fiscal 2021. the roll out of the covid-19 vaccines and general lifting of covid-19 restrictions had a positive impact on our business during fiscal 2022. due to the constantly changing impact of the covid-19 pandemic, uncertainty remains about the pace of the economic recovery and about its impact on future cintas consolidated financial results.
uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment revenue consists predominantly of revenue derived from the rental of corporate identity uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing and the rental and/or sale of mats, mops, shop towels, restroom supplies and other rental services. revenue from the uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment increased 9.4% compared to fiscal 2021 due to an organic growth increase of 9.0%. revenue growth was positively impacted by 0.2% due primarily to acquisitions and by 0.2% due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. organic revenue growth was a result of new business, the penetration of additional products and services into existing customers, the positive impact from the lifting of covid-19 restrictions and price increases, partially offset by lost business. new business growth resulted from an increase in the number and productivity of sales representatives. generally, sales productivity improvements are due to increased tenure and improved training, which produce a higher number of products and services sold.
other revenue, consisting of revenue from the first aid and safety services reportable operating segment and all other, increased 14.1% compared to fiscal 2021. revenue improved from increases in sales representative productivity and from the lifting of covid-19 restrictions. revenue increased organically by 14.9%. revenue growth was negatively impacted by 0.8% due to divestitures.
cost of uniform rental and facility services increased 11.2% compared to fiscal 2021. cost of uniform rental and facility services consists primarily of production expenses, delivery expenses and the amortization of in service inventory, including uniforms, mats, shop towels and other ancillary items. the cost of uniform rental and facility services as a percent of revenue increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to increased energy costs and investments in labor to support the increased revenue growth.
selling and administrative expenses increased $115.7 million, to 26.0% as a percent of revenue, compared to 27.1% in fiscal 2021. the improvement as a percent of revenue was primarily due to lower labor expense as a percent of revenue as well as a $12.1 million gain on the sale of certain operating assets and a $30.2 million gain on an equity method investment transaction recorded in fiscal 2022. the impacts from the gains recorded in fiscal 2022 were partially offset by the $22.0 million gain on the sale of certain operating assets recorded in fiscal 2021.
net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) was $88.6 million in fiscal 2022 compared to $97.7 million in fiscal 2021. the change was primarily due to the replacement of the $250.0 million of senior notes with an interest rate of 4.30% that matured on june 1, 2021, with lower interest rate bearing commercial paper.
income before income taxes was $1,498.8 million, an increase of $211.0 million, or 16.4%, compared to fiscal 2021. the increase in income before income taxes was primarily due to revenue growth and the decrease in selling and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue in fiscal 2022. income before income taxes also benefited from the previously mentioned one-time gains recorded in fiscal 2022.
cintas' effective tax rate on continuing operations was 17.5% for fiscal 2022 compared to 13.7% in fiscal 2021. the effective tax rate in both periods was impacted by certain discrete items, primarily the tax accounting impact for stock-based compensation. in addition, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 and 2021 included tax benefits from a gain on an equity method investment transaction in fiscal 2022 and the sale of certain operating assets in both fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021.
net income from continuing operations for fiscal 2022 of $1,235.8 million was a 11.2% increase compared to fiscal 2021. diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $11.65 was a 13.8% increase compared to fiscal 2021 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $10.24. diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased primarily due to the increase in net income combined with the decrease in diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. the decrease in diluted weighted average common shares outstanding resulted from purchasing an aggregate of approximately 3.7 million shares of common stock under the board approved share buyback programs during fiscal 2022.
uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment revenue increased $537.3 million, or 9.4%, and the cost of uniform rental and facility services increased $332.9 million, or 11.2%, due to the reasons previously discussed. the reportable operating segment's fiscal 2022 gross margin was 46.7% of revenue compared to 47.6% in fiscal 2021. the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to a 50 basis point increase in energy costs and investments in labor to support the increased revenue growth.
selling and administrative expenses for the uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment increased $76.8 million in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. selling and administrative expense as a percent of revenue for fiscal 2022 was 25.0% compared to 26.0% in fiscal 2021. the improvement in selling and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue was primarily due to efficiencies in labor and the previously mentioned one-time gain of $30.2 million on an equity method investment transaction.
first aid and safety services reportable operating segment first aid and safety services reportable operating segment revenue increased $48.2 million in fiscal 2022, a 6.1% increase compared to fiscal 2021. revenue increased organically by 5.1% as a result of new business and sales productivity increases, penetration of additional products and services into existing customers and sales of personal protective equipment in response to the covid-19 pandemic. revenue growth was positively impacted by 0.9% due to acquisitions and by 0.1% due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our cash flows and cash and cash equivalents as of and for the fiscal years ended may 31:
net cash provided by operating activities            $1,537,625                   $1,360,740
net cash used in investing activities                $(402,635)                   $(137,215)
net cash used in financing activities              $(1,537,943)                   $(879,868)
cash flows provided by operating activities have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. we generally use these cash flows to fund most, if not all, of our operations and expansion activities and dividends on our common stock. we may also use cash flows provided by operating activities, as well as proceeds from long-term debt and short-term borrowings, to fund growth and expansion opportunities, as well as other cash requirements such as the repurchase of our common stock and payment of long-term debt.
we expect our cash flows from operating activities to remain sufficient to provide us with adequate levels of liquidity.
in addition, we have access to $2.0 billion of debt capacity from our amended and restated revolving credit facility, the maturity of which was extended on march 23, 2022 until march 23, 2027. we believe the company has sufficient liquidity to operate in the current business environment. acquisitions, repurchases of our common stock and dividends remain strategic objectives, but they will be dependent on the economic outlook and liquidity of the company.
net cash provided by operating activities was $1.54 billion for fiscal 2022, which was an increase of $176.9 million, or 13.0%, compared to fiscal 2021. the increase was primarily the result of increased net income which was partially offset by unfavorable changes in working capital, specifically, accounts receivable and uniforms and other rental items in service, which resulted from the growth in revenue. in addition, we had a favorable change in inventories, net, which was the result of a large amount of inventory purchases in the prior fiscal year period related to the covid-19 pandemic, including sanitizer, sanitizer stands, masks and gloves.
net cash used in investing activities was $402.6 million in fiscal 2022, compared to $137.2 million in fiscal 2021. net cash used in investing activities includes capital expenditures, purchases of investments, proceeds from the sale of operating assets and cash paid for acquisitions of businesses. capital expenditures were $240.7 million and $143.5 million for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 included $166.6 million for the uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment and $59.7 million for the first aid and safety services reportable operating segment. the increase in capital expenditures from fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2022 was due to an investment in the operating segments to support continued market penetration and revenue growth. cash paid for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired, was $164.2 million and $10.0 million for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. the acquisitions in both fiscal 2022 and 2021 occurred in our uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment, our first aid and safety services reportable operating segment and our fire protection operating segment, which is included in all other. the fiscal 2022 acquisitions also includes the acquisition of the remaining interest of an equity method investment. in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, investing activities included proceeds of $15.3 million and $31.7 million, respectively, from the sale of certain operating assets, net of cash disposed. net cash used in investing activities also included $6.1 million and $4.3 million of purchases of investments during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively.
net cash used in financing activities was $1,537.9 million for fiscal 2022, compared to $879.9 million in fiscal 2021. the increase in cash used from financing activities from fiscal 2021 is primarily due to the increase in repurchases of common stock in fiscal 2022, offset by the $261.2 million net issuance of commercial paper and the $76.2 million higher dividends paid in fiscal 2021 due to the transition from an annual dividend payment in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 to quarterly dividend payments thereafter. on october 30, 2018, we announced that the board of directors authorized a $1.0 billion share buyback program, which was completed during fiscal 2021. on october 29, 2019, we announced the board of directors authorized a $1.0 billion share buyback program, which was completed during fiscal 2022. on july 27, 2021, we announced the board of directors authorized a new $1.5 billion share buyback program, which does not have an expiration date.
the following table summarizes the buyback activity by program and fiscal year ended may 31:
(2) the dividends declared on april 12, 2022 and april 13, 2021 were included in current accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at may 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
any future dividend declarations, including the amount of any dividends, are at the discretion of the board of directors and dependent upon then-existing conditions, including the company's consolidated operating results and consolidated financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant.
during the fiscal year ended may 31, 2022, cintas issued a net total of $261.2 million of commercial paper. there was no commercial paper outstanding during fiscal 2021. on june 1, 2021, in accordance with the terms of the notes, cintas paid the $250.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 4.30%, 10-year senior notes that matured on that date with cash on hand. on april 1, 2022, in accordance with the terms of the notes, cintas paid the $650.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 2.90%, 5-year senior notes that matured on that date with proceeds from short-term borrowings. on may 1, 2022, cintas redeemed at par value the $300.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 3.25%, 10-year senior notes 30 days in advance of the maturation date with proceeds from short-term borrowings. on may 3, 2022, cintas issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that bear an interest rate of 3.45% and mature on may 1, 2025. on may 3, 2022, cintas also issued $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that bear an interest rate of 4.00% and mature on may 1, 2032. the net proceeds from these issuances were utilized for general business purposes, including reducing cintas' short-term borrowings.
rate                        issued                   maturity debt due within one year commercial paper                              1.20%         (1)              2022                       2023                 $261,200                          $-
total debt due within one year                                                                                               $311,574                    $899,070
(2) cintas assumed these senior notes with the acquisition of g&k services, inc. (g&k) in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and they were recorded at fair value. the interest rate shown above is the effective interest rate. the principal amount of these notes is $50.0 million with a stated interest rate of 3.73%.
(3) cintas assumed these senior notes with the acquisition of g&k in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and they were recorded at fair value. the interest rate shown above is the effective interest rate. the principal amount of these notes is $50.0 million with a stated interest rate of 3.88%.
the credit agreement that supports our commercial paper program was amended and restated on march 23, 2022. the amendment increased the capacity of the revolving credit facility from $1.0 billion to $2.0 billion. the credit agreement has an accordion feature that provides cintas the ability to request increases to the borrowing commitments under the revolving credit facility of up to $500.0 million in the aggregate, subject to customary conditions. the maturity date of the revolving credit facility is march 23, 2027. as of may 31, 2022, there was $261.2
million of commercial paper outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 1.20% and maturity dates less than 120 days and no borrowings on our revolving credit facility. as of may 31, 2021, there was no commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings on our revolving credit facility. subsequent to may 31, 2022, in june 2022, cintas borrowed $125.0 million under the revolving credit facility to fund short-term operating needs and repaid the amount later in june 2022.
cintas has certain covenants related to debt agreements. these covenants limit cintas' ability to incur certain liens, to engage in sale-leaseback transactions and to merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of cintas' assets. these covenants also require cintas to maintain certain debt to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) and interest coverage ratios. cross-default provisions exist between certain debt instruments. if a default of a significant covenant were to occur, the default could result in an acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness, impair liquidity and limit the ability to raise future capital. cintas was in compliance with all of the debt covenants for all periods presented.
our access to the commercial paper and long-term debt markets has historically provided us with sources of both short-term and long-term liquidity to meet material cash obligations. we do not anticipate having difficulty in obtaining financing from those markets in the future in view of our favorable experiences in the debt markets in the recent past. additionally, our ability to continue to access the commercial paper and long-term debt markets on favorable interest rate and other terms will depend, to a significant degree, on the ratings assigned by the credit rating agencies to our indebtedness. as of may 31, 2022, our ratings were as follows:
in the event that the ratings of our commercial paper or our outstanding long-term debt issues were substantially lowered or withdrawn for any reason, or if the ratings assigned to any new issue of long-term debt securities were significantly lower than those noted above, particularly if we no longer had investment grade ratings, our ability to access the debt markets may be adversely affected. in addition, in such a case, our cost of funds for new issues of commercial paper and long-term debt would be higher than our cost of funds would have been had the ratings of those new issues been at or above the level of the ratings noted above. the rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies.
to monitor our credit rating and our capacity for long-term financing, we consider various qualitative and quantitative factors. one such factor is the ratio of our total debt to ebitda. for the purpose of this calculation, debt is defined as the sum of short-term borrowings, long-term debt due within one year, long-term debt and standby letters of credit.
financial and nonfinancial disclosure about issuers and guarantors of cintas' senior notes cintas corporation no. 2 (corp. 2) is the indirectly, wholly owned principal operating subsidiary of cintas. corp. 2 is the issuer of the $2,550.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding as of may 31, 2022, which are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by cintas corporation and its wholly owned, direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries. see note 7 entitled debt and derivatives of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for more information on cintas' outstanding debt.
basis of preparation of the summarized financial information the following tables include summarized financial information of cintas corporation (issuer), corp. 2 and subsidiary guarantors (together, the obligor group). investments in and equity in the earnings of non-guarantors, which are not members of the obligor group, have been excluded. non-guarantor subsidiaries are located outside the u.s., and therefore, excluded from the obligor group.
the summarized financial information of the obligor group is presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the obligor group eliminated. the obligor group's amounts due from, amounts due to and transactions with non-guarantors have been presented in separate line items, if they are material. summarized financial information of the obligor group is as follows for the fiscal years ended may 31:
liabilities amounts due to non-obligor subsidiaries                                    $11,383                        $457
current liabilities                                                     $1,388,310                  $1,893,352
noncurrent liabilities                                                  $3,346,851                  $2,549,911
(1)see note 7 entitled debt and derivatives of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for a detailed presentation of cintas' debt.
(2)see note 8 entitled leases of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for a detailed presentation of cintas' operating leases.
cintas also makes payments to defined contribution plans and may make payments to defined benefit plans to satisfy minimum funding requirements. the amount of contributions made to the defined contribution plans are at the discretion of the board of directors of cintas. future contributions to the defined contribution plans are expected to be $92.8 million in the next year, $199.8 million in the next two to three years and $220.3 million in the next four to five years. future contributions to the defined benefit plans are expected to be $0.0 million in the next year, $2.5 million in the next two to three years and $3.0 million in the next four to five years.
other commitments amount of commitment expiration per period
(in thousands)                                                    total               one year                       two to                        four to                           after five or less                        three years                   five years                        years lines of credit (1)                                      $1,738,037                   $-                             $-                            $1,738,037                        $-
standby letters of credit and surety bonds (2)              106,687                   106,687                        -                             -                                 -
total other commitments                                  $1,844,724                   $106,687                       $-                            $1,738,037                        $-
(1)back-up facility for the commercial paper program (reference note 7 entitled debt and derivatives of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for further discussion).
(2)these standby letters of credit and surety bonds support certain outstanding debt (reference note 7 entitled debt and derivatives of "notes to consolidated financial statements"), self-insured workers' compensation and general liability insurance programs.
inflation and changing prices changes in wages, benefits and energy costs have the potential to materially impact cintas' consolidated results of operations. in fiscal 2022, we experienced significant impacts from inflation, including, but not limited to, higher labor, fuel and transportation costs. management has been able to mitigate these inflationary pressures through pricing and various efficiency initiatives. management has mitigated these impacts such that net of the mitigation strategy and initiatives, inflation and changing prices has not had a material impact on cintas' consolidated financial condition or a negative impact on the consolidated results of operations.
litigation and other contingencies cintas is subject to legal proceedings, insurance receipts, legal settlements and claims arising from the ordinary course of its business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. in the opinion of management, the aggregate liability, if any, with respect to such ordinary course of business actions will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows of cintas.
the company, the board of directors, scott farmer (executive chairman) and the investment policy committee are defendants in a purported class action, filed on december 13, 2019, pending in the u.s. district court for the southern district of ohio alleging violations of erisa. the lawsuit asserts that the defendants improperly managed the costs of the employee retirement plan, breached their fiduciary duties in failing to investigate and select lower cost alternative funds and failed to monitor and control the employee retirement plan's recordkeeping costs. the defendants deny liability.
new accounting standards in december 2019, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2019-12, income taxes (topic 740): simplifying the accounting for income taxes. asu 2019-12 is part of the fasb's overall simplification initiative to reduce costs and complexity of applying accounting standards while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. asu 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles of accounting standards codification (asc) 740, income taxes (asc 740), in order to reduce the cost and complexity of its application in the areas of intraperiod tax allocation, deferred tax liabilities related to outside basis differences, year-to-date losses in interim periods and other areas within asc 740. the company adopted asu 2019-12 on june 1, 2021. the adoption of asu 2019-12 did not have a material impact on the company's consolidated condensed financial statements currently but may in future periods.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of cintas' consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and judgments that have a significant effect on the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. these critical accounting policies should be read in conjunction with note 1 entitled significant accounting policies of "notes to consolidated financial statements." significant changes, estimates or assumptions related to any of the following critical accounting policies, including those impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, could possibly have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition rental revenue, which is recorded in the uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment, is recognized when services are performed or the obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied. other revenue, which is recorded in the first aid and safety services reportable operating segments and all other, is recognized when either services are performed or the obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied. see note 2 entitled revenue recognition of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for more information on cintas' revenue.
uniforms and other rental items in service uniforms and other rental items in service are valued at cost less amortization, calculated using the straight-line method. uniforms in service (other than cleanroom and flame resistant clothing) are amortized over their useful life of 18 months. other rental items, including shop towels, mats, mops, cleanroom garments, flame resistant clothing, linens and restroom dispensers, are amortized over their useful lives, which range from 8 to 60 months. the amortization rates used are based on industry experience, cintas' specific experience and wear tests performed by cintas. these factors are critical to determining the amount of in service inventory and related cost of uniforms and ancillary products that are presented in the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill goodwill, obtained through acquisitions of businesses, is valued at cost less any impairment. cintas completes an annual impairment test, that includes an assessment of qualitative factors including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and entity specific factors such as strategies and financial performance. we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. cintas has identified four reporting units for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment: uniform rental and facility services, first aid and safety services and two reporting units within all other. based on the results of the annual impairment tests, cintas was not required to recognize an impairment of goodwill for the fiscal years ended may 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. cintas will continue to perform impairment tests as of march 1 in future years and when indicators of impairment exist.
insurance reserve the insurance reserve represents the estimated ultimate cost of all asserted and unasserted claims, primarily related to workers' compensation, auto liability and other general liability exposure through the consolidated balance sheet dates. our incurred but not reported reserves are estimated through actuarial procedures, with the assistance of third-party actuarial specialists, of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for specific expectations based on our claims history. cintas records an increase or decrease in selling and administrative expenses related to development of prior claims, higher claims activity and other environmental factors in the period in which it becomes known. these changes in estimates may be material to the consolidated financial statements.
stock-based compensation compensation expense is recognized for all share-based payments to employees, including stock options and restricted stock awards, in the consolidated statements of income based on the fair value of the awards that are granted. the fair value of stock options is estimated at the date of grant using the black-scholes option-pricing model. generally, measured compensation cost, net of actual forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the related share-based compensation award. see note 13 entitled stock-based compensation of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for further information.
litigation and other contingencies cintas is subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from the ordinary course of its business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. u.s. gaap requires that a liability for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that a liability has occurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required to determine the existence of a liability, as well as the amount to be recorded. while a significant change in assumptions and judgments could have a material impact on the amounts recorded for contingent liabilities, cintas does not believe that they will result in a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined by the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. see note 9 entitled income taxes of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for the types of items that give rise to significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities. deferred income taxes are classified as assets or liabilities based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting purposes. cintas regularly reviews deferred tax assets for recoverability based upon projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the recorded deferred tax assets, as adjusted for valuation allowances, will be realized.
accounting for uncertain tax positions requires the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. companies may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
cintas is periodically reviewed by domestic and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these reviews include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the exposure associated with various filing positions, cintas records reserves as deemed appropriate. based on cintas' evaluation of current tax positions, cintas believes its tax related accruals are appropriate.