item 1a. risk factors.
the following are important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this form 10-k. see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" set forth above.
the covid pandemic, geopolitical instability, including the conflict between russia and ukraine, and other global events have significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. some of the results of these events, including supply chain challenges, inflation, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, and volatility in global capital markets, have affected our business in the past and could continue to have a material adverse impact on our business in the future. countries such as russia, turkey and argentina have recently experienced economic upheaval and similar upheaval in other countries with ecolab operations could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows by negatively impacting economic activity, including in our key end-markets, and by further weakening the local currency versus the u.s. dollar, resulting in reduced sales and earnings from our foreign operations, which are generated in the local currency, and then translated to u.s. dollars.
our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve.
economic downturns, and in particular downturns in our larger markets including the foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, refining, pulp and paper, mining and steel industries, can adversely impact our customers. in particular, we expect a more challenging macroeconomic environment, especially in europe, as the war and the energy crisis are having a significant impact on costs and demand. additionally, the last three years we have experienced the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the demand for our products and services provided to customers in the full-service restaurant, hospitality, lodging and entertainment industries. in prior years, the weaker global economic environment has also negatively impacted certain of our end-markets. during these periods of weaker economic activity, our customers and potential customers may reduce or discontinue their volume of purchases of cleaning and sanitizing products and water treatment and process chemicals, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows.
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability.
we have significant operations outside the united states, including joint ventures and other alliances. we conduct business in more than 170 countries and, in 2022, approximately 47% of our net sales originated outside the united states. there are inherent risks in our international operations, including:
●   changes in the availability and pricing of raw materials, energy and utilities;
●   changes in local economic conditions;
●   changes in laws and regulations, including the imposition of economic or trade sanctions affecting international commercial transactions;
●   difficulties in managing international operations and the burden of complying with international and foreign laws;
●   restrictions on our ability to repatriate dividends from our subsidiaries;
●   unsettled political conditions, military action, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war or other armed conflict; and
in light of russia's invasion of ukraine and the united states' and other countries' sanctions against russia, we announced in april 2022 that we will focus our russian business on operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage and certain water businesses. we may further narrow our presence in russia depending on developments in the conflict or otherwise. our russian operations represented approximately 1% for both our 2022 and 2021 annual sales. during 2022 we recorded pre-tax charges of $13.1 million related to recoverability risk of certain assets in both russia and ukraine. depending on developments, we may incur further charges relating to our russia and ukraine businesses. the conflict in ukraine may escalate and/or expand in scope and the broader consequences of this conflict, which have included and/or may in the future include sanctions, embargoes, regional instability and geopolitical shifts; potential retaliatory action by the russian government against companies, including us, such as nationalization of foreign businesses in russia; and increased tensions between the united states and countries in which we operate cannot be predicted, nor can we predict the conflict's impact on the global economy and on our business and financial results. the russia and ukraine conflict may also heighten many other risks disclosed in our report on form 10-k, any of which could
materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including increased inflation, constraints on the availability of commodities, supply chain disruption and decreased business spending; disruptions to our or our business partners' global technology infrastructure, including through cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; claims, litigation and regulatory enforcement; our ability to implement and execute our business strategy; terrorist activities; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; reputational risk; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets.
additionally, changes in u.s. or foreign government policy on international trade, including the imposition or continuation of tariffs, could materially and adversely affect our business. in 2018, the u.s. imposed tariffs on certain imports from china and other countries, resulting in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. while the u.s. and china signed a phase one trade agreement in january 2020, which included the suspension and rollback of tariffs, the chips and science act of 2022 with objectives including countering china's technical ambitions was signed into law in august 2022. any new tariffs or policies imposed by the u.s., china or other countries or any additional retaliatory measures by any of these countries, could increase our costs, reduce our sales and earnings or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operations.
further, our operations outside the united states require us to comply with a number of united states and non-u.s. laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act, as well as u.s. and non-u.s. economic sanctions regulations. we have internal policies and procedures relating to such laws and regulations; however, there is risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the misconduct or reckless acts of employees or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. violations of such laws and regulations could result in disruptive investigations, significant fines and sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
also, because of uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of laws and regulations and the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights, we face risks in some countries that our intellectual property rights and contract rights would not be enforced by local governments. we are also periodically faced with the risk of economic uncertainty, which has impacted our business in some countries. other risks in international business also include difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, including managing credit risk to local customers and distributors.
our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal and political conditions. we may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we do business, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
the prices of raw materials used in our business fluctuate, and in recent years we have experienced periods of significant increased raw material costs. changes in raw material prices, unavailability of adequate and reasonably priced raw materials or substitutes for those raw materials, or the inability to obtain or renew supply agreements on favorable terms has materially and adversely affected our business and can in the future materially and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. in addition, volatility and disruption in economic activity and conditions could disrupt or delay the performance of our suppliers and thus impact our ability to obtain raw materials at favorable prices or on favorable terms, which may materially and adversely affect our business.
our continued success will largely depend on our ability to attract, retain and develop a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities to drive business growth, development and profitability. as we continue to grow our business, make acquisitions, expand our geographic scope and offer new products and services, we need the organizational talent necessary to ensure effective succession for executive officer and key employee roles in order to meet the growth, development and profitability goals of our business. our operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason we were unable to attract, retain or develop such officers or key employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels. more generally, in the wake of the covid-19 pandemic, expectations from qualified talent in many areas of the labor market have evolved. in light of this, if we are unable to attract and retain employees on terms and conditions that are consistent with our historical operating model, our business could be disrupted or our costs could increase, which may materially and adversely affect our business we are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security.
we rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. the size and complexity of our information technology systems and those of strategic vendors make them vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and random attack. acquisitions have resulted in further de-centralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. likewise, data security breaches by employees or others with permitted access to our systems or to the systems of strategic vendors pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as russia's invasion of ukraine, may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. while we have invested in protection of data and information technology, we have experienced immaterial cybersecurity attacks and incidents, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures, cybersecurity attacks or breaches in our systems or in the systems of strategic vendors that could cause reputational damage, business
disruption or legal and regulatory costs; could result in third-party claims; could result in compromise or misappropriation of our intellectual property, trade secrets or sensitive information; or could otherwise adversely affect our business. certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. a breach of those remote monitoring systems could expose customer data giving rise to potential third-party claims and reputational damage. there may be other related challenges and risks as we complete implementation of our erp system upgrade.
beginning in march 2020, the covid-19 pandemic had a rapid and significant negative impact on the global economy, including a significant downturn in the foodservice, hospitality and travel industries. measures taken to alleviate the pandemic (such as stay-at-home orders and other responsive measures) significantly impacted our restaurant and hospitality customers and negatively affected demand for our products and services in these segments, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. there is continued uncertainty regarding the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic, particularly with the emergence of new variants of covid-19 and periodic spikes in covid-19 cases in various geographic regions, and the impacts on our business and the global economy from the effects of the pandemic and response measures. travel and logistics restrictions, lockdowns, vaccine requirements and other measures from time to time implemented by foreign and domestic authorities have resulted in, and may continue to result in, supply chain and transportation disruptions, production delays and capacity limitations at ecolab and some of its customers and suppliers, as well as reduced workforce availability or productivity at ecolab and customer sites, and additional data, information and cyber security risks associated with an extensive workforce working remotely.
the degree to which the pandemic ultimately impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations and the global economy will depend on future developments beyond our control, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, including the severity, duration and any resurgence of the pandemic, the extent, duration and effectiveness of periodic lockdowns and other containment actions, the availability, public adoption and efficacy of covid vaccines, how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating activity can resume, and the severity and duration of resulting global economic volatility.
besides the covid-19 pandemic, the united states and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, public health outbreaks such as zika virus, avian flu, sars and h1n1 influenza. a prolonged occurrence of a contagious disease such as these could result in a significant downturn in the foodservice, hospitality and travel industries and also may result in health or other government authorities imposing restrictions on travel further impacting our end markets. any of these events could result in a significant drop in demand for some of our products and services and materially and adversely affect our business.
strategic risks if we are unsuccessful in integrating acquisitions, including purolite, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
in december 2021 we acquired purolite, which operates in the highly regulated life sciences, pharma and biopharma industries and has extensive international operations which complicate integration execution. if we have difficulty integrating purolite operations or lose key employees or customers, our business could be materially and adversely affected. additionally, as part of our long-term strategy, we seek to acquire complementary businesses. there can be no assurance that we will find attractive acquisition candidates or succeed at effectively managing the integration of acquired businesses into existing businesses. if the underlying business performance of such acquired businesses deteriorates, the expected synergies from such transactions do not materialize or we fail to successfully integrate new businesses into our existing businesses, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
if we are unsuccessful in executing on key business initiatives, including restructurings and our enterprise resource planning ("erp") system upgrades, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we continue to execute key business initiatives, including restructurings and investments to develop business systems, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. in particular, we are undertaking the three restructuring plans, i.e. the europe program, the institutional advancement program and accelerate 2020 plan to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities and focus on key long term growth areas by leveraging technology and structural improvements as discussed under note 3 entitled "special (gains) and charges" of this form 10-k. additionally, we are continuing implementation of our erp system upgrades, which are expected to continue in phases over the next several years. these upgrades, which include sales, supply chain and certain finance functions, are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. these upgrades involve complex business process design and a failure of certain of these processes could result in business disruption. if the projects in which we are investing or the initiatives which we are pursuing are not successfully executed, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could materially and adversely be affected.
our growth depends upon our ability to compete successfully with respect to value, innovation and customer support.
we have numerous global, national, regional and local competitors. our ability to compete depends in part on providing high quality and high value-added products, technology and service. we must also continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, profitable and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. we have made significant investments in commercial digital product offerings, and our culture and expertise must continue to evolve to develop, support and profitably deploy commercial digital offerings, which are becoming an increasingly important part of our business. there can be no assurance that we will
be able to accomplish our technology development goals or that technological developments by our competitors will not place certain of our products, technology or services at a competitive disadvantage in the future. in addition, certain of the new products that we have under development will be offered in markets in which we do not currently compete, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in those new markets. if we fail to introduce new technologies or commercialize our digital offerings on a timely and profitable basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
customers and vendors in the foodservice, hospitality, travel, healthcare, energy, life sciences, food processing and pulp and paper industries, as well as other industries we serve, have consolidated in recent years and that trend may continue. this consolidation could have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain customers and on our pricing, margins and consolidated results of operations.
we enter into multi-year contracts with customers that could impact our results.
our multi-year contracts with some of our customers include terms affecting our pricing flexibility. there can be no assurance that these restraints will not have a material adverse impact on our margins and consolidated results of operations.
legal, regulatory & compliance risks our business depends on our ability to comply with laws and governmental regulations and meet our contractual commitments and failure to do so could materially and adversely impact our business; and we may be materially and adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations.
our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the environment, including evolving climate change standards, and to the manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and use of our products as well as to the conduct of our business generally, including employment and labor laws and anti-corruption laws. furthermore, increasing public and governmental awareness and concern regarding the effects of climate change has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions and will likely result in further environmental and climate change laws and regulations. compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to potential financial liability and increases our operating costs. a violation of these laws and regulations could expose us to financial liability that may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. regulation of our products and operations continues to increase with more stringent standards, causing increased costs of operations and potential for liability if a violation occurs. the potential cost to us relating to environmental and product registration laws and regulations is uncertain due to factors such as the unknown magnitude and type of possible contamination and clean-up costs, the complexity and evolving nature of laws and regulations, and the timing and expense of compliance. changes to current laws (including tax laws), regulations and policies could impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. changes to labor and employment laws and regulations, as well as related rulings by courts and administrative bodies, could materially and adversely affect our operations and expose us to potential financial liability.
defense of litigation, particularly certain types of actions such as antitrust, patent infringement, personal injury, product liability, breach of contract, wage hour and class action lawsuits, can be costly and time consuming even if ultimately successful, and if not successful could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
as a manufacturer and supplier of chemical products, there is a potential for chemicals to be accidentally spilled, released or discharged, either in liquid or gaseous form, during production, transportation, storage or use. such a release could result in environmental contamination as well as a human or animal health hazard. accordingly, such a release could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
potential indemnification liabilities pursuant to the separation and split-off of our upstream energy business could materially and adversely affect our business and financial statements.
with respect to the separation and subsequent split-off of our upstream energy business, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement with championx holding inc. and championx corporation (f/k/a apergy corporation and taken together with championx holding inc., "championx") as well as certain other agreements to govern the separation and related transactions and our relationship with championx going forward. these agreements provide for specific indemnity and certain other obligations of each party and could lead to disputes between championx and us. if we are required to indemnify championx under the circumstances set forth in these agreements, we may be subject to substantial related liabilities. in addition, with respect to the liabilities for which championx has agreed to indemnify us under these agreements, there can be no assurance that the indemnity rights we have against championx will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that championx will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. each of these risks could negatively affect our business and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
the occurrence of (a) litigation or claims, (b) the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor, (c) repeated or prolonged federal government shutdowns or similar events, (d) war (including acts of terrorism or hostilities which impact our markets), (e) natural or manmade disasters, (f) water shortages or (g) severe weather conditions affecting our operations or the energy, foodservice, hospitality and travel industries may have a material adverse effect on our business.
while we have a diverse customer base and no customer or distributor constitutes 10 percent or more of our consolidated revenues, we do have customers and independent, third-party distributors, the loss of which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows for the affected earnings periods.
war (including acts of terrorism or hostilities), natural or manmade disasters, water shortages or severe weather conditions, including the effects of climate change, affecting the energy, foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, pulp and paper, mining, steel and other industries can cause a downturn in the business of our customers, which in turn can have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. in particular, the u.s. gulf coast is a region with significant refining, petrochemicals and chemicals operations which provide us raw materials, as well as being an important customer base for our downstream and water operating segments. hurricanes or other severe weather events impacting the gulf coast, such as the winter freeze in texas and the gulf coast in february 2021, can materially and adversely affect our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable cost, or at all, and could adversely affect our business with our customers in the region.
our commitments, goals, targets, objectives and initiatives related to sustainability, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks.
we have developed, and will continue to establish, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our sustainability goals in alignment with the united nations global compact's business ambition for 1.50c and our commitments to science-based targets addressing scope 1, 2 and 3 ghg emissions, discussed in item 1 of part i of this form 10-k, entitled "business." achieving these goals and commitments will require evolving our business, capital investment and the development of technology that might not currently exist. we might incur additional expense or be required to recognize impairment charges in connection with our efforts. these commitments, goals, targets and other objectives reflect our current plans and there is no guarantee that they will be achieved. our efforts to research, establish, accomplish, and accurately report on these commitments, goals, targets, and objectives expose us to operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. our ability to achieve any stated commitment, goal, target, or objective is subject to factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control, including the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards.
our business may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, other stakeholders, regulators, and the media related to our sustainability activities, including our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. if our sustainability practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, or as an acquiror could be negatively impacted. similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental, or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to satisfy reporting standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have operational, reputational, financial and legal impacts.
financial risks if the separation and split-off of our upstream energy business or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the divestiture are determined to be taxable in whole or in part, we and our stockholders may incur significant tax liabilities.
in connection with the separation and split-off of our upstream energy business that was consummated on june 3, 2020, we obtained opinions of outside tax counsel that the related merger and exchange offer will qualify as tax-free transactions to us and our stockholders, except to the extent that cash was paid to ecolab stockholders in lieu of fractional shares. we have not sought or obtained a ruling from the internal revenue service (irs) on the tax consequences of these transactions. an opinion of counsel is not binding on the irs or the courts, which may disagree with the opinion. even if the merger and exchange offer otherwise qualified as tax-free transactions, they may become taxable to us if certain events occur that affect either ecolab or championx corporation. while championx corporation has agreed not to take certain actions that could cause the transactions not to qualify as tax-free transactions and is generally obligated to indemnify us against any tax consequences if it breaches this agreement, the potential tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect on us if we were not entitled to indemnification or if the indemnification obligations were not fulfilled. if the merger or exchange offer were determined to be taxable, we could be subject to a substantial tax liability, and each u.s. holder of our common stock who participated in the exchange offer could be treated as exchanging the ecolab shares surrendered for championx corporation shares in a taxable transaction.
changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could materially and adversely affect the taxes we pay and our profitability.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and foreign jurisdictions, and our operations, plans and results are affected by tax and other initiatives around the world. in particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or related authoritative interpretations in the united states, such as the inflation reduction act (ira) signed into law on august 16, 2022, which includes a corporate alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations, incentives to address climate change mitigation and other non-income tax provisions, including an excise tax on the repurchase of corporate stock. we are also subject to changes in tax law outside the united states and actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd"), which represents a coalition of member countries, and the european commission which influence tax policies in countries where we operate. for example, approximately 140 countries have agreed to the oecd's two-pillar base erosion and profit shifting project ("beps"). this framework, which could be implemented in some countries as early as 2023, is focused on a number of issues, including shifting taxing rights on income from residence countries to source countries and establishing a minimum 15% global tax rate. some of the beps and related proposals, if enacted into law in the united states and in the foreign countries where we do business, could increase the burden and costs of our tax compliance, the amount of taxes we incur in those jurisdictions and our global effective tax rate. in addition, we are impacted by settlements of pending or any future adjustments proposed by the irs or other taxing authorities in connection with our tax audits, all of which will depend on their timing, nature and scope. increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
future events may impact our deferred tax position, including the utilization of foreign tax credits and undistributed earnings of international affiliates that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
we evaluate the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the need for deferred tax liabilities based on available evidence. this process involves significant management judgment about assumptions that are subject to change from period to period based on changes in tax laws or variances between future projected operating performance and actual results. we are required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if we determine, based on available evidence at the time the determination is made, that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this determination, we evaluate all positive and negative evidence as of the end of each reporting period. future adjustments (either increases or decreases), to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance are determined based upon changes in the expected realization of the net deferred tax assets. the realization of the deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carry-back or carry-forward periods under the tax law. due to significant estimates used to establish the valuation allowance and the potential for changes in facts and circumstances, it is reasonably possible that we will be required to record adjustments to the valuation allowance in future reporting periods. changes to the valuation allowance or the amount of deferred tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. further, should we change our assertion regarding the permanent reinvestment of the undistributed earnings of international affiliates, a deferred tax liability may need to be established.
our indebtedness may limit our operations and our use of our cash flow, and any failure to comply with the covenants that apply to our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial statements.
as of december 31, 2022, we had approximately $8.6 billion in outstanding indebtedness, with approximately $1.5 billion in the form of floating rate debt. our debt level and related debt service obligations may have negative consequences, including:
●   requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes such as acquisitions and capital investment;
●   reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions;
●   increasing our cost of funds and materially and adversely affecting our liquidity and access to the capital markets should we fail to maintain the credit ratings assigned to us by independent rating agencies.
we incur significant expenses related to the amortization of intangible assets and may be required to report losses resulting from the impairment of goodwill or other assets recorded in connection with the nalco and purolite transactions and other acquisitions.
we expect to continue to complete selected acquisitions and joint venture transactions in the future. in connection with acquisition and joint venture transactions, applicable accounting rules generally require the tangible and intangible assets of the acquired business to be recorded on the balance sheet of the acquiring company at their fair values. intangible assets other than goodwill are required to be amortized over their estimated useful lives and this expense may be significant. any excess in the purchase price paid by the acquiring company over the fair value of tangible and intangible assets of the acquired business is recorded as goodwill. if it is later determined that the anticipated future cash flows from the acquired business may be less than the carrying values of the assets and goodwill of the acquired business, the assets or goodwill may be deemed to be impaired. in this case, the acquiring company may be required under applicable accounting rules to write down the value of the assets or goodwill on its balance sheet to reflect the extent of the impairment. this write-down of assets or goodwill is generally recognized as a non-cash expense in the statement of operations of the acquiring company for the accounting period during which the write down occurs. as of december 31, 2022, we had goodwill of $8.0 billion which
is maintained in various reporting units, including goodwill from the nalco and purolite transactions. if we determine that any of the assets or goodwill recorded in connection with the nalco transaction or any other prior or future acquisitions or joint venture transactions have become impaired, we will be required to record a loss resulting from the impairment. impairment losses could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following management discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. we provide quantitative information about the material sales drivers including the impact of changes in volume and pricing and the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and reportable segment level. we also provide quantitative information regarding special (gains) and charges, discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. such quantitative drivers are supported by comments meant to be qualitative in nature. qualitative factors are generally ordered based on estimated significance.
the discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k. our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. this discussion contains various non-gaap financial measures and also contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. we refer readers to the statements and information set forth in the sections entitled "non-gaap financial measures" at the end of this md&a, and "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" within items 1 and 1a of this form 10-k. we also refer readers to the tables within the section entitled "results of operations" of this md&a for reconciliation information of non-gaap measures to u.s. gaap.
comparability of results purolite acquisition in december 2021, we acquired purolite for total consideration of $3.7 billion in cash, net of cash acquired. purolite is a leading and fast-growing global provider of high-end ion exchange resins for the separation and purification of solutions for pharmaceutical and industrial applications. headquartered in king of prussia, pennsylvania, purolite operates in more than 30 countries. purolite is reported within our life sciences operating segment. acquisition and integration charges are recorded within special (gains) and charges. the 2021 impacts of the purolite acquisition including operating results, acquisition-related amortization and interest expense related to the transaction were also excluded from 2021 adjusted results.
championx transaction in june 2020, we completed the previously announced separation of our upstream energy business (the "championx business") in a reverse morris trust transaction (the "transaction") through the split-off of championx holding inc. ("championx"), formed by ecolab as a wholly owned subsidiary to hold the championx business, followed immediately by the merger of championx (the "merger") with a wholly owned subsidiary of championx corporation (f/k/a apergy corporation, "apergy").
the championx business met the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations because the separation of championx was a strategic shift in business that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. therefore, we reported the historical results of championx, including the results of operations, cash flows, and related assets and liabilities, as discontinued operations for 2020. unless otherwise noted, the accompanying md&a has been revised to reflect the championx business as discontinued operations and 2020 balances have been revised accordingly to reflect continuing operations only.
comparability of reportable segments we have also made immaterial changes to our segment reporting, including the movement of certain customers and cost allocations between reportable segments.
impact of acquisitions and divestitures acquisition adjusted growth rates exclude the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition, the results of our divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture. further, we have excluded the results of our purolite business for all of 2022 to remain comparable to 2021 when purolite's results were excluded from adjusted results. as part of the separation of the championx business, we also entered into a master cross supply and product transfer agreement with championx to provide, receive or transfer certain products for a period up to 36 months. sales of product to championx under this agreement are recorded in product and equipment sales in the corporate segment along with the related cost of sales. these transactions are removed from the consolidated results as part of the calculation of the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.
fixed currency foreign exchange rates management evaluates the sales and operating income performance of our non-u.s. dollar functional currency international operations based on fixed currency exchange rates, which eliminate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our international operations. fixed currency amounts are updated annually at the beginning of each year based on translation into u.s. dollars at foreign currency exchange rates established by management, with all periods presented using such rates. public currency rate data provided within the "segment performance" section of this md&a reflect amounts translated at actual public average rates of exchange prevailing during the corresponding period and is provided for informational purposes only.
executive summary in 2022, we delivered double-digit sales growth as we accelerated our pricing and drove volume growth. our strong pricing increases offset continued significant delivered product cost increases on a dollar basis. our team generated double-digit sales growth in the institutional & specialty, industrial and other segments while healthcare & life sciences segment sales were stable. operating income was stable, as accelerating pricing was offset by higher delivered product costs and investments in the business.
sales reported sales increased 11% to $14.2 billion in 2022 from $12.7 billion in 2021. when measured in fixed rates of foreign currency exchange, fixed currency sales increased 16% compared to the prior year. acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales increased 13% compared to the prior year.
gross margin our reported gross margin was 37.8% of sales for 2022, compared to our 2021 reported gross margin of 40.2%. excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and the 2021 impacts from the purolite transaction included in cost of sales, our adjusted gross margin was 38.2% in 2022 and 40.9% in 2021. our gross profit increased as our strong pricing exceeded substantial delivered product cost inflation.
operating income reported operating income remained stable at $1.6 billion in 2022, compared to $1.6 billion in 2021. adjusted operating income, excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and the 2021 impacts of the purolite transaction, decreased 1% in 2022, as strong pricing offset substantial delivered product inflation and investments in the business. when measured in fixed rates of foreign currency exchange, adjusted fixed currency operating income increased 4% in 2022.
reported diluted eps decreased 3% to $3.81 in 2022 compared to $3.91 in 2021. special (gains) and charges had an impact on both years. special (gains) and charges in 2022 were driven primarily by restructuring and pension settlement expense and 2021 was driven primarily by covid-19 related charges, restructuring charges and pension settlement expense. adjusted diluted eps, which exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges, the 2021 impacts of the purolite transaction and discrete tax items decreased 4% to $4.49 in 2022 compared to $4.69 in 2021, as unfavorable foreign currency translation and increases in interest expense further offset our operating income performance.
balance sheet we remain committed to maintaining "a" range ratings metrics over the long-term, supported by our current credit ratings of a-/a3/a- by standard & poor's, moody's investor services and fitch, respectively. our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates.
cash flow cash flow from continuing operations operating activities was $1.8 billion in 2022 compared to $2.1 billion in 2021. we continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, investments in our business, acquisitions, debt repayments, pension obligations and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments.
dividends dividends declared per common share in 2022 was $2.06 per share. in december 2022 we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 4% to $0.53 per share, representing our 31st consecutive annual dividend rate increase. we have paid cash dividends on our common shares for 86 consecutive years. our outstanding dividend history reflects our long term growth and development, strong cash flows, solid financial position and confidence in our business prospects for the years ahead.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. we have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements ("notes").
preparation of our consolidated financial statements, in conformity with u.s. gaap, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions to be made about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (2) different estimates that we reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition or results of operations.
in march 2020, covid-19 was declared a pandemic by the world health organization. as the impact of the pandemic continues to evolve, estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty and therefore require judgment. these estimates and assumptions may change in future periods and will be recognized in the consolidated financial information as new events occur and additional information becomes known. to the extent actual results differ materially from those estimates and assumptions, our future financial statements could be affected.
besides estimates that meet the "critical" estimate criteria, we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. all estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues or expenses as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. estimates are based on experience and other information available prior to the issuance of the financial statements. materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known, even from estimates not deemed critical. our critical accounting estimates include the following:
revenue recognition revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods or providing service. revenue from product and sold equipment is recognized when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied, which generally occurs with the transfer of the product or delivery of the equipment. revenue from service and leased equipment is recognized when the services are provided, or the customer receives the benefit from the leased equipment, which is over time. service revenue is recognized over time utilizing an input method and aligns with when the services are provided. typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date because the effort provided by the field selling and service organization represents services provided, which corresponds with the transfer of control. revenue for leased equipment is accounted for under topic 842 leases and recognized on a straight-line basis over the length of the lease contract.
our revenue policies do not provide for general rights of return. we record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives based primarily on historical experience and anticipated performance over the contract period. depending on market conditions, we may increase customer incentive offerings, which could reduce gross profit margins over the term of the incentive. we also record estimated reserves for product returns and credits based on specific circumstances and credit conditions. we record an allowance for uncollectible accounts based on our estimates of expected future credit losses.
the revenue standard can be applied to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics if it is reasonable that the effects of applying the standard at the portfolio would not be significantly different than applying the standard at the individual contract level. we apply the portfolio approach primarily within each operating segment by geographical region. application of the portfolio approach was focused on those characteristics that have the most significant accounting consequences in terms of their effect on the timing of revenue recognition or the amount of revenue recognized. we determined the key criteria to assess with respect to the portfolio approach, including the related deliverables, the characteristics of the customers and the timing and transfer of goods and services, which most closely aligned within the operating segments. in addition, the accountability for the business operations, as well as the operational decisions on how to go to market and the product offerings, are performed at the operating segment level. for additional information on revenue recognition, refer to note 18.
litigation and environmental liabilities our business and operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal and the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. some risk of environmental liability is inherent in our operations.
we record liabilities related to pending litigation, environmental claims and other contingencies when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. estimates used to record such liabilities are based on our best estimate of probable future costs. we record the amounts that represent the points in the range of estimates that we believe are most probable or the minimum amount when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. potential insurance reimbursements generally are not anticipated in our accruals for environmental liabilities or other insured losses. expected insurance proceeds are recorded as receivables when recovery is deemed certain. while the final resolution of litigation and environmental contingencies could result in amounts different than current accruals, and therefore have an impact on our consolidated financial results in a future reporting period, we believe the ultimate outcome will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position. for additional information on our commitments and contingencies, refer to note 16.
actuarially determined liabilities pension and postretirement healthcare benefit plans the measurement of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations are dependent on a variety of assumptions determined by management and used by our actuaries. these assumptions affect the amount and timing of future pension contributions, benefit payments and expense or income recognized.
the significant assumptions used in developing the required estimates are the discount rates, expected returns on assets, projected salary and health care cost increases and mortality tables.
●   the discount rate assumptions for our u.s. plans are assessed using a yield curve constructed from a subset of bonds yielding greater than the median return from a population of non-callable, corporate bonds that have an average rating of aa when averaging available moody's investor services, standard &amp; poor's and fitch ratings. the discount rates are calculated by matching each plans' projected cash flows to the bond yield curve. for 2022 and 2021, we measured service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans' liability cash flows. we believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans' liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. in determining our u.s. pension obligations for 2022, our weighted-average discount rate increased to 5.17% from 2.86% at year-end 2021. in determining our u.s. postretirement health care obligation for 2022, our weighted-average discount rate increased to 5.14% from 2.75% at year-end 2021.
●   for postretirement benefit measurement purposes as of december 31, 2022, the annual rates of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care were assumed to be 6.75% for pre-65 costs. post-65 costs are no longer used. the rates are assumed to decrease each year until they reach 4.5% in 2032 and remain at those levels thereafter.
●   the company uses mortality tables appropriate in the circumstances, which generally are the recently available mortality tables as of the respective u.s. and international measurement dates. our year-end u.s. valuations reflect mortality tables that estimate the impacts of covid in an endemic state. this represents a change from prior year when the impact of covid on future mortality could not be reasonably estimated.
the effect of a decrease in the discount rate or decrease in the expected return on assets assumption as of december 31, 2022, on the december 31, 2022 defined benefit obligation and 2023 expense is shown below, assuming no changes in benefit levels. expense amounts reflect the accounting for gains or losses as a component of other comprehensive income or expense and recognition of the impacts into earnings over time:
effect on u.s. postretirement health care benefits plans increase in              higher assumption         recorded                 2023
our international pension obligations and underlying plan assets represent approximately one third of our global pension plans, with the majority of the amounts held in the u.k. and eurozone countries. we use assumptions similar to our u.s. plan assumptions to measure our international pension obligations, however, the assumptions used vary by country based on specific local country requirements and information.
refer to note 17 for further discussion concerning our accounting policies, estimates, funded status, contributions and overall financial positions of our pension and postretirement plan obligations.
self-insurance globally we have insurance policies with varying deductible levels for property and casualty losses. we are insured for losses in excess of these deductibles, subject to policy terms and conditions and have recorded both a liability and an offsetting receivable for amounts in excess of these deductibles. we are self-insured for health care claims for eligible participating employees, subject to certain deductibles and limitations. we determine our liabilities for claims on an actuarial basis.
income taxes judgment is required to determine the annual effective income tax rate, deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances recorded against net deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions.
effective income tax rate our effective income tax rate is based on annual income, statutory tax rates and tax planning available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. our annual effective income tax rate includes the impact of reserve provisions. we recognize the amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances.
tax regulations require items to be included in our tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in our financial statements. as a result, the effective income tax rate reflected in our financial statements differs from that reported in our tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible on our tax return, and some are temporary differences, such as depreciation expense.
deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. based on the evaluation of available evidence, both positive and negative, we recognize tax assets, such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered to be more likely than not. relevant factors in determining the realizability of deferred tax assets include historical results, sources of future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversal of temporary differences, tax planning strategies and the expiration dates of the various tax attributes.
uncertain tax positions a number of years may elapse before a particular tax matter, for which we have established a liability for uncertain tax position, is audited and finally resolved. the number of tax years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the internal revenue service ("irs") has completed examinations of our u.s. federal income tax returns through 2016 and the years 2017 through 2020 are currently under audit. in addition to the u.s. federal examinations, we have ongoing audit activity in several u.s. state and foreign jurisdictions.
the tax positions we take are based on our interpretations of tax laws and regulations in the applicable federal, state and international jurisdictions. we believe our tax returns properly reflect the tax consequences of our operations, and our liabilities for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient for the positions taken. because of the uncertainty of the final outcome of these examinations, we have estabilished a liability for potential reductions of tax benefits (including related interest and penalties) for amounts that do not meet the more-likely-than-not thresholds for recognition and measurement as required by authoritative guidance. the liability for uncertain tax positions is reviewed throughout the year, taking into account new legislation, regulations, case law and audit results. settlement of any particular issue could result in offsets to other balance sheet accounts, cash payments or receipts and/or adjustments to tax expense. liabilities for uncertain tax positions are presented in the consolidated balance sheets within other non-current liabilities. our gross liability for uncertain tax positions was $24.9 million and $25.1 million as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. for additional information on income taxes refer to note 13.
long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill long-lived and amortizable intangible assets purchased long-lived and amortizable intangible assets not acquired as part of a business combination are recorded as of their acquisition date at cost, whereas long-lived and amortizable assets acquired as part of a business combination are recorded as of their acquisition date at their fair values based on the fair value requirements defined in u.s. gaap. this requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions relating to the present value of its future cash flows, such as growth rates, royalty rates or discount rates.
we review our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets, the net value of which was $6.3 billion and $6.8 billion as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for impairment when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. such circumstances may include a significant decrease in the market price of an asset or asset group, a significant adverse change in the manner in which asset or asset groups are being used or history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset or asset group. impairment losses could occur when the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the anticipated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. the amount of the impairment loss to be recorded, if any, is calculated as the excess of the asset's or assets group's carrying amount over its estimated fair value.
we use the straight-line method to recognize amortization expense related to our amortizable intangible assets, including our customer relationships. we consider various factors when determining the appropriate method of amortization for our customer relationships, including projected sales data, customer attrition rates and length of key customer relationships.
globally, we have a broad customer base. our retention rate of significant customers has aligned with our acquisition assumptions, including the customer bases acquired from our nalco, anios, cid lines and purolite transactions, which make up the majority of our unamortized customer relationships. our historical retention rates, coupled with our consistent track record of keeping long-term relationships with our customers, supports our expectation of consistent sales generation for the foreseeable future from the acquired customer bases. if our customer retention rates or other post-acquisition operational activities change materially, we would evaluate the financial impacts and significance of the events given rise to the change which could result in impairment of our customer relationship intangible assets, or absent an impairment, an acceleration of amortization expense.
in addition, we periodically reassess the estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets. changes to estimated useful lives would impact the amount of depreciation and amortization expense recorded in earnings. we have experienced no significant changes in the carrying amount or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets.
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets goodwill arises from our acquisitions and represents the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration exchanged over the fair value of net assets acquired. we had total goodwill of $8.0 billion and $8.1 billion as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we test our goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. our reporting units are largely our operating segments. following the acquisition of purolite on december 1, 2021, our life sciences operating segment consists of the purolite and global life sciences reporting units. we assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the second quarter. if circumstances change or events occur that demonstrate it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we complete an interim goodwill impairment assessment of that reporting unit prior to the next annual assessment. if the results of an annual or interim goodwill impairment assessment demonstrate the carrying amount of a reporting unit is greater than its fair value, we will recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, but not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to that reporting unit.
for our annual 2022 goodwill impairment assessment, we completed our impairment assessment for eleven of our twelve reporting units using discounted cash flow analyses that incorporated assumptions regarding future growth rates, terminal values and discount rates. our goodwill impairment assessments for 2022 indicated the estimated fair values of each of these eleven reporting units exceeded the carrying amounts of the respective reporting units by a significant margin. given the recent acquisition of purolite, our annual goodwill impairment assessment of the purolite reporting unit was qualitative in nature and considered information regarding its operations, financial performance and the macroeconomic environment. after weighting both positive and negative information, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the purolite reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount. we evaluate the need to complete interim goodwill impairment assessments when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit may be higher than its fair value. no events were noted during the second half of 2022 that required completion of an interim goodwill impairment assessment in the second half of 2022 for any of our twelve reporting units. there has been no impairment of goodwill in any of the periods presented.
the nalco trade name is our only indefinite-lived intangible asset, which is tested for impairment on an annual basis during the second quarter. for our annual 2022 indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment, we completed our impairment assessment of the nalco trade name using the relief from royalty discounted cash flow method, which incorporates assumptions regarding future sales projections, royalty rates and discount rates. our nalco tradename impairment assessment for 2022 indicated the estimated fair value of the nalco trade name exceeded its $1.2 billion carrying amount by a significant margin. no events were noted during the second half of 2022 that required completion of an interim impairment assessment of our nalco trade name in the second half of 2022. there has been no impairment of the nalco trade name intangible since it was acquired.
2021 impact of purolite on net sales                      -                    12.0                       -
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                13               5
acquisitions &amp; divestitures                                  3               1
cost of sales ("cos") and gross profit margin ("gross margin")
2021 impact of purolite on cos                      -                                     7.6                                       -
our reported gross margin was 37.8%, 40.2%, and 41.4% for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our 2022, 2021 and 2020 reported gross margins were negatively impacted by special (gains) and charges of $69.9 million, $93.9 million, and $48.2 million, respectively. special (gains) and charges items impacting cos are shown within the "special (gains) and charges" table below.
excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and the 2021 impacts of the purolite transaction, our 2022 adjusted gross margin was 38.2% compared against a 2021 adjusted gross margin of 40.9%. the decrease primarily reflected accelerating pricing that was more than offset by higher delivered product cost and unfavorable mix.
excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and the 2021 impacts of the purolite transaction, our adjusted gross margin was 40.9% and 41.8% for 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease primarily reflected increased pricing and higher volumes which were more than offset by significantly higher delivered product costs and supply constraints.
the decreased sg&a ratio (sg&a expenses as a percentage of reported net sales) comparing 2022 against 2021 was driven primarily by strong productivity including cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher cost of compensation compared to last year. the decreased sg&a ratio (sg&a expenses as a percentage of reported net sales) comparing 2021 against 2020 was driven primarily by higher net sales, cost savings initiatives and reduction in bad debt, partially offset by higher variable compensation compared to last year.
special (gains) and charges special (gains) and charges reported on the consolidated statements of income included the following items:
cost of sales restructuring activities                           $21.4                 $24.7                  $7.4
acquisition and integration activities              25.0                   4.2                   3.9
covid-19 activities, net                            16.3                  64.7                  12.5
special (gains) and charges restructuring activities                     85.8                  11.9                         71.4
acquisition and integration activities              14.5                  29.9                   8.5
disposal and impairment activities                     -                     -                  41.4
covid-19 activities, net                            10.2                  42.4                  23.6
for segment reporting purposes, special (gains) and charges are not allocated to reportable segments, which is consistent with our internal management reporting.
restructuring activities restructuring activities are primarily related to the europe program, institutional advancement program, accelerate 2020 and other immaterial restructuring programs which are described below. these activities have been included as a component of cost of sales, special (gains) and charges, and other (income) expense on the consolidated statements of income. restructuring liabilities have been classified as a component of other current and other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
europe program in november 2022 we approved a europe program (the "europe program") targeting $80 million of annualized pre-tax savings after completion of the program. in connection with these actions, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of $130 million ($110 million after tax) or $0.38 per diluted share. the europe program charges are expected to be primarily cash expenditures related to severance and asset disposals. actual costs may vary from these estimates depending on actions taken.
in 2022 we recorded total restructuring charges of $67.2 million ($56.0 million after tax) or $0.20 per diluted share primarily related to severance. the liability related to the europe program was $62.0 million as of december 31, 2022 and is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities.
the europe program has delivered $5 million of cumulative cost savings with estimated annual cost savings of $80 million in continuing operations by 2024.
on february 14, 2023, we expanded our previously announced europe cost savings program to focus on our institutional and healthcare businesses in other regions. in connection with the expanded program, we now expect to incur pre-tax charges of $195 million ($150 million after tax) or $0.52 per diluted share. we expect that these restructuring actions will be completed by 2024. program actions include headcount reductions from terminations, not filing certain positions and facility closures. the expanded program charges are expected to be primarily cash expenditures related to severance and asset disposals. we now expect an estimated annual total cost savings of $175 million by 2024.
institutional advancement program we approved a restructuring plan in 2020 focused on the institutional business ("the institutional plan") which is intended to enhance our institutional sales and service structure and allow the sales team to capture share and penetration while maximizing service effectiveness by leveraging our ongoing investments in digital technology. in february 2021, we expanded the institutional plan, and expect that these restructuring charges will be completed in 2023, with total anticipated costs of $70 million ($55 million after tax) or $0.19 per diluted share. the remaining costs are expected to be primarily cash expenditures for severance and non-cash costs related to equipment disposals. actual costs may vary from these estimates depending on actions taken.
in 2022 and 2021, we recorded total restructuring charges of $6.3 million ($4.8 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share and $12.6 million ($10.2 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share, respectively, primarily related to severance, disposals of equipment and office closures. we have recorded $54.1 million ($41.4 million after tax), or $0.14 per diluted share of cumulative restructuring charges under the institutional plan. the liability related to the institutional plan was $1.9 million as of december 31, 2022 and is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities.
the institutional plan has delivered $49 million of cumulative cost savings.
during 2018, we formally commenced a restructuring plan accelerate 2020 ("the a2020 plan"), to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. the goals of the plan are to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidated facilities and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. during 2020, we expanded the plan for additional costs and savings to further leverage the technology and structural improvements. we completed the plan with actual costs of $254 million ($198 million after tax), or $0.69 per diluted share.
we recorded restructuring charges of $9.9 million ($8.4 million after tax) or $0.03 per diluted share, $5.3 million ($6.2 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share and $41.8 million ($33.0 million after tax) or $0.11 per diluted share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. of these expenses, $0.3 million ($0.2 million after tax) or less than $0.01 per diluted share during 2020 is recorded in other (income) expense and related to pension settlements and curtailments. the liability related to the plan was $18.1 million and $32.7 million as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we have recorded $254.4 million ($198.4 million after tax), or $0.69 per diluted share, of cumulative restructuring charges under the plan. the majority of the pretax charges represent net cash expenditures which are expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters which continue to be funded from operating activities.
other restructuring activities during 2022, we incurred restructuring charges of $23.8 million ($17.9 million after tax), or $0.06 per diluted share, related to other immaterial restructuring activity. the charges primarily related to severance and asset write-offs.
during 2021, we incurred restructuring charges of $18.7 million ($17.0 million after tax), or $0.06 per diluted share, related to other immaterial restructuring activity. the charges primarily related to severance and asset write-offs.
during 2020, we incurred restructuring charges of $1.8 million ($1.2 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share, related to other immaterial restructuring plan. the charges are comprised of severance, facility closure costs, including asset disposals, and consulting fees.
the restructuring liability balance for all other restructuring plans excluding the europe program, a2020 plan and the institutional plan were $23.2 million and $4.6 million as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in liability was driven primarily by severance expense. the remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities. cash payments during 2022 related to all other restructuring plans excluding the europe program, a2020 and institutional plan were $5.2 million.
acquisition and integration related costs acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income in 2022 include $14.5 million ($11.4 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share. charges are related primarily to the purolite corporation ("purolite") acquisition and consist of integration related costs and advisory and legal fees. acquisition and integration related costs reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income in 2022 include $25.0 million ($19.6 million after tax) or $0.07 per diluted share. charges are related primarily to the recognition of fair value step-up in the purolite inventory and other integration costs.
acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income in 2021 include $29.9 million ($23.5 million after tax) or $0.08 per diluted share. charges are primarily related to the purolite acquisition and consisted of deal costs, integration costs and advisory and legal fees. acquisition and integration related costs reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income in 2021 include $4.2 million ($3.3 million after tax) or $0.01 per diluted share and are related to the recognition of fair value step-up in the purolite inventory. in conjunction with its acquisitions, we incurred $0.8 million ($0.6 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share, of special (gains) and charges reported in interest expense in 2021.
acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income in 2020 include $8.5 million ($6.9 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share. charges are related to copal invest nv, including its primary operating entity cid lines (collectively, "cid lines"), bioquell plc ("bioquell") and the laboratoires anios ("anios") acquisitions and consist of integration costs and advisory and legal fees. acquisition and integration related costs reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income in 2020 include $3.9 million ($3.2 million after tax) or $0.01 per diluted share and are related to the recognition of fair value step-up in the cid lines inventory, severance and the closure of a facility. in conjunction with our acquisitions, we incurred $0.7 million ($0.6 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share, of special (gains) and charges reported in interest expense in 2020.
disposal and impairment charges disposal and impairment charges reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income include $41.4 million ($41.5 million after tax) or $0.14 per diluted share in the 2020. during 2020, we recorded a $28.6 million ($28.6 million after tax) or $0.10 per diluted share impairment for a minority equity method investment due to the covid-19 impact on the economic environment and the liquidity of the minority equity method investment. in addition, we recorded charges of $12.8 million ($12.9 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share related to the disposal of holchem group limited ("holchem") for the loss on sale and related transaction fees during 2020. further information related to the disposal is included in note 4.
covid-19 activities we have recorded inventory reserves of $15 million and $60 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, for excess sanitizer inventory and estimated disposal costs. during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded charges of $2.4 million, $36.8 million and $57.1 million, respectively, to protect the wages of certain employees directly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. we also recorded charges of $9.8 million, $16.5 million and $2.4 million related to employee covid-19 testing and related expenses during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in addition, we received subsidies and government assistance, which were recorded as a special (gain) of ($0.7) million, ($6.2) million and ($23.4) million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. covid-19 pandemic charges are recorded in product and equipment cost of sales, service and lease cost of sales, and special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income. total after tax net charges related to covid-19 pandemic were $20.2 million or $0.07 per diluted share, $81.3 million or $0.28 per diluted share and $27.4 million or $0.09 per diluted share during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
russia/ukraine in light of russia's invasion of ukraine and the sanctions against russia by the united states and other countries, we have made the determination that we will limit our russian business to operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage and certain water businesses. we incurred charges of $13.1 million ($12.6 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share during 2022, primarily related to recoverability risk of certain assets in both russia and ukraine.
other operating activities other special charges of $24.1 million ($18.2 million after tax) or $0.06 per diluted share in 2022, $18.4 million ($14.1 million after tax) or $0.05 per diluted share in 2021 and $34.7 million ($33.9 million after tax) or $0.12 per diluted share recorded in 2020 relate primarily to certain legal charges, which are recorded in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income. in 2020, we recorded special charges of $24.4 million ($16.0 million after tax) or $0.06 per diluted share in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income related to a healthcare product recall in europe.
2021 impact of purolite on operating income                                                    3.8                      -
our reported operating income decreased 2% when comparing 2022 to 2021 primarily driven by accelerating pricing covering substantially higher delivered product costs, which was offset by investments in the business. our reported operating income increased 15% when comparing 2021 to 2020 primarily driven by increased pricing and higher volume which more than offset significantly higher delivered product costs and supply constraints and higher variable compensation compared to last year. our reported operating income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was impacted by special (gains) and charges. excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and the 2021 impacts of the purolite transaction, 2022 adjusted operating income decreased 1% when compared to 2021 adjusted operating income and 2021 adjusted operating income increased 11% when compared to 2020 adjusted operating income.
our reported other income was $24.5 million, $33.9 million and $55.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. other (income) expense decreased when comparing 2022 against 2021 primarily due to increased pension settlement charges in 2022 as a result of a higher volume of pension settlement activity and higher interest costs associated with rising interest rates throughout 2022. other (income) expense decreased when comparing 2021 against 2020 reflecting lower interest costs associated with future payments of employee pension obligations. excluding the impact of settlements and curtailments recorded in special (gains) and charges during 2022, 2021 and 2020, our adjusted other income was $75.1 million, $71.1 million and $56.3 million, respectively.
2021 impact of purolite on interest expense           -                        3.5                     -
we incurred $33.1 million ($29.0 million after tax) or $0.10 per diluted share and $83.8 million ($64.6 million after tax) or $0.22 per diluted share, of interest expense special charges in conjunction with our debt issuances and refinancing activities during 2021 and 2020, respectively.
adjusted for special (gains) and charges, the increase in interest expense when comparing 2022 against 2021 was driven primarily by the interest on debt issued to fund the purolite acquisition and the impact from higher average interest rates on floating rate debt. adjusted for special (gains) and charges and the 2021 purolite transaction, the decrease in interest expense when comparing 2021 against 2020 was driven primarily by a reduction in average debt levels and average interest rates.
discrete tax items                  0.7           (0.3)              3.8
our reported tax rate was 17.5%, 19.1%, and 15.2%, for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the change in our tax rate includes the tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items, which have impacted the comparability of our historical reported tax rates, as amounts included in our special (gains) and charges are derived from tax jurisdictions with rates that vary from our tax rate, and discrete tax items are not necessarily consistent across periods. the tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items will likely continue to impact comparability of our reported tax rate in the future.
we recognized a net tax benefit related to discrete tax items of $11.8 million during 2022. this included a deferred tax benefit of $14.6 million associated with utilization of tax attributes as a result of legal entity rationalization and share-based compensation excess tax benefits of $6.0 million. the amount of the excess tax benefit is subject to variation in stock price and award exercises. the remaining discrete tax expense of $8.8 million was primarily related to the filing of federal, state and foreign tax returns and other income tax adjustments including the impact of changes in tax laws, audit settlements and other changes in estimates.
we recognized net tax expense of $5.8 million related to discrete tax items during 2021. this included a non-cash deferred tax expense of $25.1 million associated with transferring certain intangible property between affiliates. share-based compensation excess tax benefit was $29.1 million. the remaining discrete tax expense of $9.8 million was primarily related to the filing of federal, state, and foreign tax returns and other income tax adjustments including the impact of changes in tax law, audit settlements and other changes in estimates.
we recognized a total net benefit related to discrete tax items of $55.8 million during 2020. the tax benefit related to share-based compensation excess tax benefit contributed $57.3 million. we recorded changes in reserves in non-u.s. and u.s. jurisdictions due to audit settlements and expiration of statutes of limitations which resulted in a $9.8 million tax benefit. additionally, we recognized a net tax expense of $11.3 million primarily related to the filing of the prior year federal, state and foreign tax returns and other income tax adjustments.
the change in our adjusted tax rates from 2020 to 2022 was primarily driven by global tax planning projects and geographic income mix. future comparability of our adjusted tax rate may be impacted by various factors, including but not limited to other changes in global tax rules, further tax planning projects and geographic income mix.
discrete tax net (benefit) expense                                                        (11.8)                      5.8           (55.8)
2021 impact of purolite on net income                                                     -                           5.6           -
discrete tax net (benefit) expense                                  (0.04)           0.02                  (0.19)
2021 impact of purolite on diluted eps                              -                      0.02            -
segment performance the non-u.s. dollar functional currency international amounts included within our reportable segments are based on translation into u.s. dollars at the fixed currency exchange rates established by management for 2022. the difference between the fixed currency exchange rates and the actual currency exchange rates is reported as "effect of foreign currency translation" in the following tables. all other accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent with u.s. gaap and the accounting policies described in note 2. additional information about our reportable segments is included in note 19.
global institutional &amp; specialty               4,480.0                  3,908.8              3,559.8   15                       10
global institutional &amp; specialty                 634.5           545.7                316.3            16                       73
the following tables reconcile the impact of acquisitions and divestitures within our reportable segments.
(millions)                                                   fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted           fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted currency                                                                                 currency global industrial                                         $6,944.0       (21.0)                                        $6,923.0                    $6,086.8       -                                             $6,086.8
global institutional &amp; specialty                       4,480.0       -                                             4,480.0                      3,908.8       -                                             3,908.8
(millions)                                                   fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted           fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted currency                                                                                 currency global industrial                                           $977.0       (3.4)                                         $973.6                        $985.7       -                                             $985.7
global institutional &amp; specialty                634.5                -                                             634.5                          545.7       -                                             545.7
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                             14   %                   4   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                                 -   %                   -   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change                 (1)   %                 (8)   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin       14.1            %       16.2            %            *
net sales fixed currency sales for global industrial increased in 2022 as strong double-digit growth across all divisions was driven by accelerating pricing and new business wins. the 2021 sales increase was impacted by strong growth in paper and water, led by recovering market conditions, strong pricing and new business wins, along with a good growth in food & beverage, were offset by a decrease in downstream sales growth.
all operating segments reported double-digit growth, water fixed currency sales increased 13% in 2022 driven by strong pricing and new business wins. water fixed currency sales increased 6% in 2021 as strong new business wins and accelerating pricing leveraged recovering markets. light industry water treatment reported strong sales and had solid growth in 2021. heavy industry sales also recorded strong sales in 2022 led by double-digit growth in power and chemicals and a strong increase in 2021 driven by primary metals. food & beverage fixed currency sales increased 14% in 2022 reflecting accelerating pricing. fixed currency sales increased 3% in 2021 primarily reflecting accelerating pricing, recovering markets and new business wins. downstream fixed currency sales increased 14% in 2022 driven by accelerating pricing and new business wins . fixed currency sales decreased 3% in 2021 due to lower demand from covid and impacts from the texas freeze and hurricane ida. paper fixed currency sales increased 16% in 2022 driven by accelerating pricing, new business wins and continued growth in ecommerce markets . fixed currency sales increased 11% in 2021 driven by increased pricing, strong new business wins and growth in ecommerce markets.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins decreased 2.1 percentage points during 2022 compared to 2021, as the 9.0 percentage point positive impacts of accelerating pricing was more than offset by the 12.7 percentage point negative impacts of higher delivered product costs, unfavorable mix and investments in the business. acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins decreased in 2021 compared to 2020, as the positive impact from accelerating pricing was more than offset by the negative impact of significantly higher delivered product costs and supply constraints.
global institutional & specialty
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                             15   %                   9   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                                 -   %                   -   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change       16              %       73              %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin       14.2            %       14.0            %           *
net sales fixed currency sales for global institutional & specialty increased in 2022 driven by accelerating pricing and new business wins. the 2021 sales increased driven by strong growth in the institutional operating segment reflecting recovering markets, new business wins and accelerating pricing.
at an operating segment level, institutional fixed currency sales increased 18% in 2022, driven by accelerating pricing and new business wins. fixed currency sales increased 15% in 2021, driven by strong growth in the institutional operating segment reflecting recovering markets in the u.s. and europe, new business wins including gains from the ecolab science certified programs and accelerating pricing. specialty fixed currency sales increased 7% in 2022 driven by strong quick service sales and modest growth in food retail sales. fixed currency sales decreased 3% in 2021, as modest quickservice sales growth were more than offset by lower food retail sales.
operating income fixed currency operating income for our global institutional & specialty segment increased in both 2022 and 2021 when compared to prior periods. fixed currency operating income margins increased in both 2022 and 2021.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased 0.2 percentage points during 2022, as the 8.2 percentage point positive impacts from accelerating pricing and volume growth overcame the 7.9 percentage point negative impacts of higher delivered product costs and investments in the business. acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased during 2021, as the positive impact from higher volume, accelerating pricing, and favorable mix more than offset negative impact of the comparison to lower variable compensation last year and higher delivered product costs.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                              -   %                 (7)   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                     37              %                   3   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change                (37)   %                (22)   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin       8.7             %       13.7            %            *
net sales acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales for global healthcare & life sciences were flat in 2022 compared 2021 as growth in life sciences was offset by slightly lower healthcare sales.
at an operating segment level, healthcare fixed currency sales decreased 1% in 2022 due primarily to lower procedural and hand hygiene volumes, partially offset by increased pricing. fixed currency sales decreased 5% in 2021 reflecting the comparison against strong 2020 covid-19 related hand and surface disinfection sales as well as softer elective surgical procedures activity in 2021 due to the rise in covid variants during the year. life sciences fixed currency sales increased 163% (9% acquisition adjusted) in 2022 reflecting the acquisition of purolite. excluding the acquisition of purolite, the life sciences business growth was driven by accelerating pricing and growth in consumable pharmaceutical and personal care products, partially offset by normalizing demand for bioquell's biocontamination systems. fixed currency sales decreased 5% in 2021 as accelerating pricing was more than offset by volume declines versus the very strong 2020 driven by extraordinary covid-19 demand last year.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins decreased 5.0 percentage points in 2022, as the 5.5 percentage point positive impact from accelerating pricing was more than offset by the 10.2 percentage point negative impacts from higher delivered product costs, unfavorable mix, lower healthcare volumes and targeted investments in the business. acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins decreased in 2021, as positive impact from accelerating pricing was more than offset by the negative impact of volume declines due to strong comparison against 2020.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                             13   %                  11   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                                 -   %                   -   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change       16              %       41              %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin       15.7            %       15.3            %            *
net sales fixed currency sales for other increased in 2022 reflecting double-digit growth in pest elimination, textile care and colloidal technologies. fixed currency sales increased in 2021 led by strong growth in pest elimination as it benefited from new business wins and a recovering market.
at an operating segment level, pest elimination fixed currency sales increased 11% in 2022 reflecting strong growth across food retail, food & beverage, hospitality and restaurants from accelerating pricing and new business wins . fixed currency sales increased 11% in 2021 reflecting strong growth in food and beverage plants, restaurants and hospitality markets. textile care fixed currency sales increased 19% and 10% in 2022 and 2021, respectively. colloidal technologies group fixed currency sales increased 14% and 16% in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins in other increased 0.4 percentage points in 2022, as the 5.8 percentage point positive impacts from accelerating pricing overcame the 5.2 percentage point negative impacts of higher delivered product costs and investments in business. acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased in 2021, as the positive impacts from higher volume and increased pricing more than offset the negative impact of the comparison to lower variable compensation last year.
corporate consistent with our internal management reporting, corporate amounts in the table on page 40 include sales to championx in accordance with the long-term supply agreement entered into with the transaction post-separation, as discussed in note 5, intangible asset amortization specifically from the nalco and purolite transactions and special (gains) and charges that are not allocated to our reportable segments. items included within special (gains) and charges are shown in the table on page 34.
financial position, cash flow and liquidity financial position total assets were $21.5 billion as of december 31, 2022, compared to total assets of $21.2 billion as of december 31, 2021.
total liabilities were $14.2 billion as of december 31, 2022, compared to total liabilities of $14.0 billion as of december 31, 2021. total debt was $8.6 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $8.8 billion as of december 31, 2021. see further discussion of our debt activity within the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a.
our net debt to ebitda is shown in the following table. ebitda is a non-gaap measure discussed further in the "non-gaap financial measures" section of this md&a.
net debt to ebitda                                           3.2                    3.4                    2.4
ebitda                                                  $2,525.7               $2,475.6               $2,264.3
cash flows operating activities
cash provided by operating activities           $1,788.4               $2,061.9               $1,741.8                ($273.5)                  $320.1
we continue to generate cash flow from operations allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in the business and pension obligations along with returning cash to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases.
cash provided by operating activities decreased $274 million in 2022 compared to 2021, driven primarily by $277 million increase in working capital excluding the impact of non-cash special charges. the increase in working capital is primarily driven by past due receivables higher than last year due to pricing and energy surcharge rollout. additionally, inventory impacted by inflationary environment and higher stock holding to mitigate supply disruption.
cash provided by operating activities increased $320 million in 2021 compared to 2020, driven primarily by $159 million in increased net income, $94 million in higher tax expense accruals associated with higher income, and an increase in accruals for variable compensation, partially offset by $83 million of increased investment in working capital.
the impact on operating cash flows of pension and postretirement plan contributions, cash activity related to restructuring, cash paid for income taxes and cash paid for interest, are shown in the following table:
investing activities
cash used for investing activities           ($716.8)               ($4,579.7)               ($857.7)                $3,862.9                  ($3,722.0)
cash used for investing activities is primarily impacted by the timing of business acquisitions and dispositions as well as from capital investments in the business.
we continue to make capital investments in the business, including merchandising and customer equipment and manufacturing facilities. total capital expenditures were $713 million, $643 million and $489 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
total cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired and net of cash received from dispositions, in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $7 million, $3,924 million and $487 million, respectively. our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further in note 4. we continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth.
financing activities
cash provided by (used for) financing activities           ($837.3)               $1,603.2               ($340.2)                ($2,440.5)                  $1,943.4
our cash flows from financing activities primarily reflect the issuances and repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, proceeds from common stock issuances related to our equity incentive programs and dividend payments.
we issued $500 million par value and received $494 million in proceeds of long-term debt. we issued $2,800 million par value and received $2,775 million in proceeds of long-term debt and repaid $900 million of long-term debt in 2021. we issued $1,850 million par value and received $1,856 million in proceeds of long-term debt and repaid $1,570 million of long-term debt in 2020. the proceeds received from the debt issuances were used for the purolite acquisition, repayment of outstanding debt, repayment of commercial paper and general corporate purposes. in addition, we had net repayments of $404 million and net issuances $394 million of commercial paper and notes payable in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and net repayments of $66 million in 2020.
shares are repurchased for the purpose of partially offsetting the dilutive effect of our equity compensation plans and stock issued in acquisitions, to manage our capital structure and to efficiently return capital to shareholders. we repurchased a total of $518 million, $107 million, and $146 million of shares in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources we currently expect to fund all of our cash requirements which are reasonably foreseeable for the next twelve months, including scheduled debt repayments, new investments in the business, share repurchases, dividend payments, possible business acquisitions and pension and postretirement contributions with cash from operating activities, and as needed, additional short-term and/or long-term borrowings. we continue to expect our operating cash flow to remain strong.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $599 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, of which $122 million was held outside of the u.s. as of december 31, 2021, we had $360 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, of which $181 million was held outside of the u.s. we will continue to evaluate our cash position in light of future developments.
as of december 31, 2022, we had a $2.0 billion multi-year credit facility, which expires in april 2026. the credit facility has been established with a diverse syndicate of banks and supports our u.s. and euro commercial paper programs. the maximum aggregate amount of commercial paper that may be issued under our u.s. commercial paper program and our euro commercial paper program may not exceed $2.0 billion. at year end, we had no commercial paper outstanding under our u.s. program or our euro program. there were no borrowings under our credit facility as of december 31, 2022 or 2021. as of december 31, 2022, both programs were rated a-2 by standard & poor's, p-2 by moody's and f-1 by fitch.
additionally, we have uncommitted credit lines with major international banks and financial institutions. these credit lines support our daily global funding needs, primarily our global cash pooling structures. as of december 31, 2022 we had $144 million of bank supported letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees outstanding in support of our commercial business transactions. we do not have any other significant unconditional purchase obligations or commercial commitments.
as of december 31, 2022, standard & poor's, fitch and moody's rated our long-term credit at a- (negative outlook), a- (stable outlook) and a3 (negative outlook), respectively. a reduction in our credit ratings could limit or preclude our ability to issue commercial paper under our current programs or could also adversely affect our ability to renew existing, or negotiate new, credit facilities in the future and could increase the cost of these facilities.
as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our debt covenants and other requirements of our credit agreements and indentures.
one-time transition tax       67                          -        35                          32              -
as of december 31, 2022, our gross liability for uncertain tax positions was $25 million. we are not able to reasonably estimate the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over an extended period of time or whether a cash settlement of the liability will be required. therefore, these amounts have been excluded from the schedule of contractual obligations.
we do not have required minimum cash contribution obligations for our qualified pension plans in 2022. we are required to fund certain international pension benefit plans in accordance with local legal requirements. we estimate contributions to be made to our international plans will approximate $41 million in 2023. these amounts have been excluded from the schedule of contractual obligations.
we lease certain sales and administrative office facilities, distribution centers, research and manufacturing facilities and other equipment under longer-term operating leases. vehicle leases are generally shorter in duration. vehicle leases have residual value requirements that have historically been satisfied primarily by the proceeds on the sale of the vehicles.
market risk we enter into contractual arrangements (derivatives) in the ordinary course of business to manage foreign currency exposure and interest rate risks. we do not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. our use of derivatives is subject to internal policies that provide guidelines for control, counterparty risk, and ongoing monitoring and reporting, and is designed to reduce the volatility associated with movements in foreign exchange and interest rates on our income statement and cash flows.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain intercompany financial arrangements, and to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on transactions related to cash flows denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars. we use net investment hedges as hedging instruments to manage risks associated with our investments in foreign operations. as of december 31, 2022, we had a total of €1,150 million senior notes designated as net investment hedges.
we enter into cross-currency swap derivative contracts to hedge certain euro denominated exposures from our investments in certain of its euro denominated functional currency subsidiaries. we use net investment hedges as hedging instruments to manage risks associated with our investments in foreign operations. as of december 31, 2022, we had €625 million of cross-currency swap derivative contracts outstanding designated as a net investment hedge.
refer to note 9 for further information on our hedging activity.
based on a sensitivity analysis (assuming a 10% change in market rates) of our foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives and other financial instruments, changes in exchange rates or interest rates would increase/decrease our financial position and liquidity by approximately $220 million. the effect on our results of operations would be substantially offset by the impact of the hedged items.
global economic and political environment coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19)
in march 2020, the coronavirus disease (covid-19) was declared a pandemic by the world health organization. the covid-19 pandemic is continuing to affect major economic and financial markets and industries are facing the challenges with the economic conditions resulting from efforts to address the pandemic, including supply shortages, inflation and other challenges, such as those resulting from the introduction of vaccination mandates. while many government restrictions in the u.s. have eased, restrictions on activities continue in many other regions, particularly those where vaccination rates lag, continuing to impact consumer activity in those regions. concerns remain that our markets could see a resurgence of cases triggering additional government mandated lockdowns or similar restrictions on activity, for example due to the emergence of a variant against which existing vaccines are not as effective or which may be more easily transmitted, particularly to those unvaccinated. these conditions have had and may continue to have a negative impact on market conditions and customer demand throughout the world.
global economies approximately half of our sales are outside of the u.s. our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. we expect a more challenging macroeconomic environment, especially in europe, as the war and the energy crisis are having a significant impact on costs and demand. we also assume continued high delivered product costs and unfavorable currency translation and interest rate impacts that persist well into 2023.
argentina is classified as a highly inflationary economy in accordance with u.s. gaap, and the u.s. dollar is the functional currency for our subsidiaries in argentina. during 2022, sales in argentina represented less than 1% of our consolidated net sales. assets held in argentina at the end of 2022 represented less than 1% of our consolidated assets. turkey was also classified as a highly inflationary economy in accordance with u.s. gaap. during 2022, sales in turkey represented less than 1% of our consolidated net sales. assets held in turkey at the end of 2022 represented less than 1% of our consolidated assets.
in light of russia's invasion of ukraine and the sanctions against russia by the united states and other countries, we have made the determination that we will limit our russian business to operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage and certain water businesses. we may further narrow our presence in russia depending on future developments. our russian and ukraine operations represented approximately 1% of our 2022 consolidated net sales. we recorded charges of $13.1 million in 2022 primarily related to recoverability risk of certain assets in both russia and ukraine.
non-gaap financial measures this md&a includes financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. these non-gaap measures include:
●  acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales or organic sales
●  acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income or organic income
●  acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin or organic margin
●  ebitda
●  adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations we provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. we use these non-gaap measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results.
our non-gaap adjusted financial measure for net sales excludes 2021 purolite sales. our non-gaap adjusted financial measures for cost of sales, gross margin, operating income, other (income) expense and interest expense exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges and (with the exception of other (income) expense) the 2021 impact of the purolite transaction, and our non-gaap measures for tax rate, net income from continuing operations attributable to ecolab and diluted eps from continuing operations further exclude the impact of discrete tax items. we include items within special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items that we believe can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results. after tax special (gains) and charges are derived by applying the applicable local jurisdictional tax rate to the corresponding pre-tax special (gains) and charges.
ebitda is defined as the sum of net income including non-controlling interest, provision for income taxes, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization. ebitda is used in our net debt to ebitda ratio, which we view as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization.
our reportable segments do not include the impact of intangible asset amortization from the nalco and purolite transactions or the impact of special (gains) and charges as these are not allocated to our reportable segments.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency growth rates, also known as organic growth rates, are at fixed currency and exclude the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition and the results of our divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture. further, we have excluded the results of our purolite business for all of 2022 to remain comparable to 2021 when purolite's results were excluded from our adjusted results. in addition, as part of the transaction, we also entered into a master cross supply and product transfer agreement with championx to provide, receive or transfer certain products for a period up to 36 months. sales of product to championx under this agreement are recorded in product and equipment sales in the corporate segment along with the related cost of sales. these transactions are removed from the consolidated results as part of the calculation of the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.
these non-gaap measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to u.s. gaap and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. we recommend that investors view these measures in conjunction with the u.s. gaap measures included in this md&a and we have provided reconciliations of reported u.s. gaap amounts to the non-gaap amounts in this md&a.