item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the price of our common stock. additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the price of our common stock.
macroeconomic and market risks we are directly affected by the state of the global economy and geopolitical developments. while macroeconomic risks apply to most companies, we are particularly vulnerable. the transportation industry is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity. our primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of goods and the rate of growth of global trade - key macroeconomic measurements influenced by, among other things, inflation and deflation, supply chain disruptions, interest rates and currency exchange rates, labor costs and unemployment levels, fuel and energy prices, public health crises, inventory levels, buying patterns and disposable income, debt levels, and credit availability. when individuals and companies purchase and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods, and as companies move manufacturing closer to consumer markets and expand the number of distribution centers, we transport goods shorter distances. certain manufacturers and retailers are making investments to produce and house goods in closer proximity to supply chains and consumers in connection with recent macroeconomic, geopolitical, and public health developments. additionally, consumer spending has shifted from goods to services. we expect these trends to continue. further, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels.
moreover, given the nature of our business and our global operations, political, economic, and other conditions in foreign countries and regions, including international taxes, government-to-government relations, the typically more volatile economies of emerging markets, and geopolitical risks such as the current conflict between russia and ukraine, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. we have suspended all services in ukraine, russia, and belarus, which has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on our business or results of operations. the broader consequences of this conflict, which may include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts; airspace bans relating to certain routes, or strategic decisions to alter certain routes; potential retaliatory action by the russian government against companies, including us, as a result of the suspension of services in russia, including nationalization of foreign businesses in russia; increased tensions between the united states and countries in which we operate; and the extent of the conflict's effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted.
to the extent the current conflict between russia and ukraine adversely affects our business, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in this annual report, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. such risks include, but are not limited to, disruptions to our global technology infrastructure, including through cyberattack, ransom attack, or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies; our ability to maintain or increase our prices, including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs; our ability to implement and execute our business strategy, particularly with regard to our fedex express international business; disruptions in global supply chains, which can limit the access of fedex and our service providers to vehicles and other key capital resources and increase our costs and could affect our ability to achieve our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040; our ability to maintain our strong reputation and the value of the fedex brand; terrorist activities targeting transportation infrastructure; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets.
geopolitical uncertainty negatively impacted operations at fedex express in 2022. we expect slowing economic conditions during 2023. additionally, we incurred higher costs due to labor market challenges in 2022, and we expect such conditions to continue to be present in 2023. for more information, see "our failure to attract and retain employee talent or maintain our company culture, as well as increases in labor and purchased transportation costs, could adversely impact our business and results of operations." below and "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report.
additional changes in international trade policies and relations could significantly reduce the volume of goods transported globally and adversely affect our business and results of operations. the u.s. government has taken certain actions that have negatively impacted u.s. trade, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the u.s. additionally, several foreign governments have imposed tariffs on certain goods imported from the u.s. these actions contributed to weakness in the global economy that adversely affected our results of operations in recent years. any further changes in u.s. or international trade policy, including tariffs, export controls, quotas, embargoes, or sanctions, could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in "trade wars" and further increased costs for goods transported globally, which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay tariffs or other anti-trade measures increase their prices, or in trading partners limiting their trade with countries that impose such measures. political uncertainty surrounding international trade and other disputes could also have a negative effect on business and consumer confidence and spending. such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock.
additionally, the u.s. government has taken action to limit the ability of domestic companies to engage in commerce with certain foreign entities under certain circumstances, and foreign governments may investigate our compliance with these restrictions. furthermore, given the nature of our business and our global recognizability, foreign governments may target fedex by limiting the ability of foreign entities to do business with us in certain instances, imposing monetary or other penalties or taking other retaliatory action, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock.
our transportation businesses are impacted by the price and availability of jet and vehicle fuel. we must purchase large quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and availability of fuel is beyond our control and can be highly volatile. in addition, our purchased transportation expense is impacted by fuel costs. to date, we have been mostly successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. if we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or some other reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report for more information. as of may 31, 2022, we had no derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fuel price fluctuations.
even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers away from our higher-yielding express services to our lower-yielding deferred or ground services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. in addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate our transportation networks. the following factors may impact fuel supply and could result in shortages and price increases in the future: weather-related events; natural disasters; political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries; economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry participants; changes in governmental policy concerning fuel production, transportation, taxes, or marketing; changes in refining capacity; environmental concerns; cyberattacks; and public and investor sentiment. several of these factors combined to constrain fuel supply and increase prices in 2022, and we expect such conditions to continue to be present in 2023.
operating risks a significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our operations and result in the loss of critical confidential information, adversely impacting our reputation, business, or results of operations. our ability to attract and retain customers, to efficiently operate our businesses, and to compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication, security, and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. for example, we rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. we are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, by computer hackers, foreign governments, cyber terrorists and activists, cyber criminals, malicious employees or other insiders of fedex or third-party service providers, and other groups and individuals. data breaches of companies and governments continue to increase as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased and we, our customers, and third parties increasingly store and transmit data by means of connected information technology systems. additionally, risks such as code anomalies, "acts of god," transitional challenges in migrating operating company functionality to our fedex enterprise automation platforms, data leakage, cyber-fraud, and human error pose a direct threat to our products, services, systems, and data and could result in unauthorized or block legitimate access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees, and suppliers, including personal information.
the technology infrastructure of acquired businesses, as well as their practices related to the use and maintenance of data, could also present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition. see "failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer." below for additional information on risks related to shoprunner and fedex dataworks.
we also depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers and delivery services. such third parties may host, process, or have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or operate systems that are critical to our business operations and services. like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches, cyberattacks, and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt, or close down their networks or systems. we have security processes, protocols, and standards in place, including contractual provisions requiring such security measures, that are applicable to such third parties and are designed to protect information that is held by them, or to which they have access, as a result of their engagements with us. nevertheless, a cyberattack could defeat one or more of such third parties' security measures, allowing an attacker to obtain information about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or disrupt our operations. these third parties may also experience operational disruptions or human error that could result in unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees, and suppliers, including personal information.
a disruption to our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and websites, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, require substantial repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs, and lead to the temporary or permanent transfer by customers of some or all of their business to our competitors. the foregoing could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operations, customer service, and results of operations. additionally, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created. these types of adverse impacts could also occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of company and customer information was compromised due to a data loss by fedex or a trusted third party. we or the third parties with which we share information may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs.
we have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk management, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more frequent, intense, and sophisticated. despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions, data loss, and cyber-fraud, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. see "item 1a. risk factors" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended may 31, 2021 for information regarding the 2017 notpetya cyberattack at tnt express and immaterial cyber incidents we experienced in 2017 and 2018. additionally, we have experienced continual attempts by cyber criminals, some of which have been successful, to gain access to customer accounts for the purposes of fraudulently diverting and misappropriating items being transported in our network. none of these fraudulent cyber activities caused a material disruption to our systems or resulted in any material costs to fedex.
while we have significant security processes and initiatives in place, we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach or disruption in the future. additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. see "our business is subject to complex and evolving u.s. and foreign laws and regulations regarding data protection." below for additional information on risks related to legal and regulatory developments with respect to data protection.
the continuing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is highly unpredictable. since late 2020, the covid-19 pandemic has had varying impacts on the demand for our services, our business operations, and the global economy and supply chains. there is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which covid-19 will continue to spread in certain regions of the world and the extent and duration of measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, business and government shutdowns, and other restrictions. this uncertainty is expected to continue to impact our business in 2023.
the covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted our operating results in 2022. global recovery from the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic slowed with the onset of new variants, which resulted in reduced shipping demand and caused network disruptions, particularly at fedex express. our business is labor and capital intensive in nature, which has required us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during the pandemic. if we are unable to remain agile and continue to flex our networks to align with shipping volumes, customer needs, disrupted global supply chains and other network inefficiencies, market demands, and operating conditions, or are unable to continuously respond to evolving governmental policies for the duration of a prolonged period of economic recovery, our business operations could be negatively impacted, which could have a further adverse effect on our results of operations.
we have also incurred increased operating expenses related to personal protective equipment and medical/safety supplies, as well as additional security and cleaning services, in order to protect our team members and customers. due to the size, scope, and geographically dispersed nature of our operations, the expenses we incur to protect the health and safety of certain of our employees may be higher than similar expenses incurred by companies in other industries.
additionally, a significant number of our employees as well as customers and others with whom we do business continue to work remotely in response to the covid-19 pandemic. our business operations may be disrupted, and we may experience increased risk of adverse effects on our business, if a significant portion of our workforce or certain business operations are negatively impacted as a result of remote work arrangements, including due to cyber risks or other disruption to our technology infrastructure.
the continuing impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including the extent of its effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition as well as the global economy, will be dictated by future developments that remain uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as its duration and spread, the success of efforts to contain it and treat its impact, the possibility of additional subsequent widespread outbreaks and variant strains and the impact of actions taken in response, resulting effects on the economic conditions in the global markets in which we operate, the future rate of e-commerce growth, and the timeline for recovery of passenger airline cargo capacity.
to the extent the covid-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks described in this section, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. such risks include, but are not limited to, additional changes in the state of the global economy and international trade policies and relations; our ability to implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences; our strong reputation and the value of the fedex brand; our ability to meet our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs; our ability to execute and effectively operate, integrate, leverage, and grow acquired businesses; changes in the business and financial soundness of the usps; our ability to achieve our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040; and the impact of litigation or claims from customers, team members, suppliers, regulators or other third parties relating to the covid-19 pandemic or our actions in response to the pandemic.
for more information about the covid-19 pandemic and its effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition-results of operations and outlook-consolidated results" of this annual report.
we are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations, and insurance and claims expenses could have a material adverse effect on us. we are self-insured up to certain limits that vary by type of risk for costs associated with workers' compensation claims, vehicle accidents, property and cargo loss, general business liabilities, and benefits paid under employee disability programs. our self-insurance accruals are primarily based on estimated costs determined by actuarial methods. estimated costs include consideration of a variety of factors and related assumptions such as the severity of claims, frequency and volume of claims, healthcare inflation, seasonality, and plan designs, which may be subject to a high degree of variability. however, the use of any estimation technique in this area is inherently sensitive given the magnitude of claims involved and the length of time until the ultimate cost is known, which may be several years. material increases in the magnitude of claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, insurance retention levels, judgment and settlement amounts, associated legal expenses, and other factors could result in unfavorable differences between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. as a result, our insurance and claims costs could continue to increase materially which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. during 2022, higher self-insurance accruals negatively impacted our results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report for more information.
as a supplement to our self-insurance program, we maintain coverage with excess insurance carriers for potential losses that exceed the amounts we self-insure. periodically, we evaluate the level of insurance coverage and adjust insurance levels based on risk tolerance, risk volatility, and premium expense. although we believe our aggregate insurance limits should be sufficient to cover our historic claims amounts, the commercial trucking industry has experienced a wave of blockbuster or so-called "nuclear" verdicts, including some instances in which juries have awarded hundreds of millions of dollars to those injured in accidents and their families (such as the recently affirmed award by a new mexico state court jury in a personal injury and wrongful death lawsuit against fedex ground discussed below). given this recent trend, it is possible that additional claims could exceed our aggregate coverage limits. if any other claim were to exceed our aggregate insurance coverage, we would bear the excess in addition to our other self-insured amounts.
given the current claims environment, the amount of coverage available from excess insurance carriers is decreasing, the premiums for this excess coverage are increasing significantly, and excess insurance carriers are challenging insurance claims more frequently. accordingly, our excess insurance and claims expenses may continue to increase, or we could further increase our self-insured retention as policies are renewed or replaced. in 2015, a jury awarded compensatory damages of approximately $160 million to plaintiffs in connection with a personal injury and wrongful death lawsuit filed against fedex ground in new mexico state court. the award was subsequently affirmed by the new mexico court of appeals and ultimately by the new mexico supreme court in may 2022. while our insurance carriers have funded the approximately $160 million base judgment in excess of fedex ground's $7.5 million self-insured retention and insurance deductible, we are currently pursuing insurance coverage for reimbursement of approximately $210 million of pre- and post-judgment interest. see note 19 of the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report for more information. our results of operations and financial condition could continue to be adversely affected if our costs or losses significantly exceed our aggregate coverage limits, we are unable to obtain excess insurance coverage in amounts we deem sufficient, our insurance carriers fail to pay on our insurance claims, or we experience a claim for which coverage is not provided.
the transportation infrastructure continues to be a target of terrorist activities. because transportation assets continue to be a target of terrorist activities, governments around the world are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. these security requirements are not static, but change periodically as the result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for our operations. for example, the tsa requires fedex express to comply with a full all-cargo aircraft operator standard security plan, which contains evolving and strict security requirements. additionally, the icao's standard that previously allowed a member state to permit carriers and other entities to determine, without government oversight, which shippers and shipments are secure for purposes of putting those shipments on all-cargo aircraft was modified effective july 1, 2021. as a result, we are now required to undertake additional security measures for international outbound shipments. it is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose material costs on us or slow our service to our customers. the impact on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of aircraft by parties to those conflicts can also be significant. moreover, a terrorist attack directed at fedex or other aspects of the transportation infrastructure could disrupt our operations and adversely impact demand for our services.
strategic risks failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer. we are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy, such as investments in fleet and facility modernization and strategic investments to increase collaboration and automation and improve productivity, network efficiencies, and safety. additionally, we are executing initiatives to use data to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members, as well as to transform and optimize the fedex express international business, particularly in europe. see "item 1. business" and "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report for additional information.
such initiatives and enhancements may require us to make significant capital expenditures or incur significant expenses. we have also incurred, and may continue to incur, increased operating expenses in connection with certain changes to our business strategy. we may not be able to derive the expected operational efficiencies, cost savings, and other benefits from our strategic investments and other decisions. for example, in 2021 we announced a workforce reduction plan in europe. the execution of the plan is subject to a works council consultation process that will occur through 2023 in accordance with local country processes and regulations. the actual amount and timing of business realignment costs and related cost savings resulting from the workforce reduction plan are dependent on local country consultation processes and regulations and negotiated social plans and may differ from our current expectations and estimates. if we are not able to successfully implement this plan, our future financial results may suffer.
changes in our business strategy may also expose us to new and heightened risks. for example, shoprunner, which we acquired in 2020, collects and stores certain personal data of its merchants and their buyers, its partners, consumers with whom it has a direct relationship, and users of its applications. additionally, it uses third-party service providers and subprocessors to help deliver services to merchants and their buyers. these service providers and subprocessors may store or access personal data, including payment information and/or other confidential information. the foregoing factors increase the risk of data incidents and the amount of potential exposure in the event of a data breach. developing privacy legislation within the u.s. may also create limitations or added requirements on the use of personal data within and among fedex dataworks, shoprunner, and the other fedex operating companies.
further, in developing our business strategy, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand and the mix of services to be purchased by our customers, the future rate of e-commerce growth and the timeline for recovery of passenger airline cargo capacity, competition, and the global economy, and actual market, economic, and other conditions may be different from our assumptions. as technology, customer behavior, and market conditions continue to evolve, it is important that we maintain the relevance of our brand and service offerings to our customers. if we are not able to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences, our future financial results will suffer. for additional discussion, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "strategy."
we may not be able to achieve our fiscal 2025 financial performance goals. in june 2022, we announced that fedex is targeting certain financial performance goals for fiscal 2025. our ability to achieve these goals is dependent on a number of factors, including the other risk factors described in this section. if we are not able to achieve these goals, the price of our common stock may be negatively affected.
we depend on our strong reputation and the value of the fedex brand. the fedex brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability, and speed. fedex is one of the most widely recognized, trusted, and respected brands in the world, and the fedex brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. in addition, we have a strong reputation among customers, team members, and the general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate governance and ethics. the fedex brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing and recruitment tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our team members or others with whom we do business, such as customer service mishaps, accidents, catastrophes, or incidents involving aircraft, vehicles, or facilities operated by us; low service or safety levels; data breaches or technology infrastructure disruptions; noncompliance with laws; the shipment of certain items pursuant to our obligation as a common carrier operating under federal law; our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, or marketing programs; or our executive compensation practices could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. with the increase in the use of social media outlets such as facebook, youtube, instagram, twitter, and tiktok, adverse publicity can be disseminated quickly and broadly without context, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. further, our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups, including our customers and team members. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and/or create difficulties in retaining and recruiting employee talent, and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
changes in the business or financial soundness of the usps, including strategic changes to its operations to reduce its reliance on the air network of fedex express, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. the usps is the largest customer of fedex express, which provides domestic air transportation services for the usps's first class mail, priority mail express, and priority mail and transportation and delivery for the usps's international delivery service. see "item 1. business" of this annual report under "fedex express segment" for more information.
the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the usps. additionally, the usps continues to experience budgetary uncertainty as well as increased political debate regarding potential privatization or restructuring of its operations. the usps is currently implementing strategic changes to its operations to reduce its reliance on the air networks of fedex express and other transportation providers, which negatively impacted our results of operations in 2022. the difficulties discussed above or additional changes in the usps's business, including its ability to access capital or any structural changes to its operations, network, volume levels, service offerings, service commitments, or pricing, could have additional negative impacts on our revenue, results of operations, and financial condition. further, a decision by the usps to terminate early or not renew its contract with fedex express for domestic services, which expires in september 2024, would negatively impact our profitability.
we face intense competition. the transportation and business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macroeconomic growth. some of our competitors have more financial resources and competitive advantages than we do, appear willing to operate at little or no margin to gain market share, or they are owned, controlled, or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more easily. we also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks and startup companies that combine technology with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. in addition, some high-volume package shippers are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors for deliveries, which could in turn reduce our revenues and market share. for example, amazon.com has established a network of hubs, aircraft, and vehicles and has expressed an intention to offer its internal delivery capabilities broadly to third parties. see "item 1. business" of this annual report for additional information.
we believe we compete effectively with these companies - for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. however, the existence of an irrational pricing environment could limit our ability not only to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), but also to maintain or grow our revenues and market share. while we believe we compete effectively through our current and planned service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services or better service levels, more effectively bundle their services, or offer services at lower prices, it could impede our ability to maintain or grow our market share. continued transportation industry consolidation may further increase competition. moreover, if high-volume package shippers further develop or expand internal capabilities for the services we provide, it may reduce our revenue and could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. these impacts could be exacerbated if high-volume package shippers offer such capabilities to third parties. news regarding such developments or expansions could also negatively impact the price of our common stock.
additionally, advancements in technology, such as advanced safety systems; automated package sorting, handling, and delivery; autonomous delivery; third-party supply chain insight and management; vehicle platooning; alternative fuel vehicles; and digitization of freight services, may necessitate that we increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher rates to cover the cost of these investments.
our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels. we make significant investments in aircraft, package handling facilities, vehicles, technology, sort equipment, and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. we also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate, and grow the companies that we acquire. the amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. we must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. we must predict volume levels and fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. overcapacity could lead to below-market asset dispositions or write-downs, as well as negatively impact operating margins, and undercapacity could negatively impact service levels.
our inability to execute and effectively operate, integrate, leverage, and grow acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances and investments could materially adversely affect us. our strategy for long-term growth, productivity, and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and investments, form joint ventures or strategic alliances, and realize the expected benefits from these transactions. we regularly acquire businesses, enter into strategic alliances, and make investments across the more than 220 countries and territories in which we provide services.
acquisitions and other strategic transactions involve special commercial, customer, accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology, human resources, cultural, and other risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies. additionally, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures and/or incur certain operating expenses following the completion of certain transactions, which may be higher than initially expected. for example, existing and future customer data in the systems and business of fedex and shoprunner may not be immediately interoperable, or may not be interoperable without significant added expense. in addition, we are currently in the process of migrating customers from services offered by tnt express to the fedex express portfolio of services.
while we expect our past and future acquisitions and strategic transactions to enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our business and long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. we have previously incurred goodwill impairment charges related to certain of our acquisitions, some of which have been material, and may incur additional goodwill impairment charges in the future.
our autonomous delivery strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. as discussed further in "item 1. business" under "fedex services segment-customer-driven technology-autonomous delivery technology," we are exploring the use of autonomous delivery technology within our operations. autonomous delivery is a new and evolving market, which makes it difficult to predict its acceptance, growth, the magnitude and timing of necessary investments, and other trends. this aspect of our business strategy is subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including the ability to continue to develop autonomous delivery software and hardware; access to sufficient capital; our ability to develop and maintain necessary partnerships; risks related to the manufacture of autonomous devices; and significant competition from other companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to autonomous delivery technologies than we do.
in addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous delivery devices on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance; achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards; and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal and state regulations. to the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches, or other adverse events associated with our autonomous delivery devices occur, we could be subject to liability, government scrutiny, further regulation, and reputational damage. any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects.
human resource management risks our failure to attract and retain employee talent or maintain our company culture, as well as increases in labor and purchased transportation costs, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our high-quality employees, many of whom are longstanding fedex team members. difficulties in motivating, rewarding, recruiting, and retaining employee talent, including successors to members of senior management; the unexpected loss of such individuals resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base; and/or our inability to successfully transition key roles could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, reputation, and the price of our common stock. certain positions at fedex have historically experienced high turnover rates, which can lead to increased recruiting, training, and retention costs. additionally, our company culture is important to providing high-quality customer service and having a productive workforce and could be adversely affected by our growing operations and other factors. if we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed.
our business is labor intensive in nature, and our ability to meet our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of qualified persons in the markets where we and our contracted service providers operate and unemployment levels within these markets, prevailing wage rates and other benefits, health and other insurance costs, inflation, behavioral changes, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations (including increased minimum wage requirements) or government programs, safety levels of our operations, our reputation within the labor market, the continuing effect of the covid-19 pandemic and variant strains, the availability of child care, and vaccine mandates that may be announced in jurisdictions in which our businesses operate. labor market challenges contributed to global supply chain disruptions and affected the availability and cost of labor resulting in network inefficiencies, higher purchased transportation costs, and higher wage rates in 2022. we expect such conditions to continue to be present in 2023. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report for more information. our inability to effectively meet our labor and purchased transportation needs can hinder our ability to execute our business strategy, negatively impact service levels, and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
labor organizations attempt to organize groups of our employees from time to time, and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. if we are unable to continue to maintain good relationships with our employees and avoid having labor organizations organize groups of our employees, our operating costs could significantly increase and our operational flexibility could be significantly reduced. despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, other than the pilots at fedex express and drivers at one fedex freight, inc. facility, our u.s. employees have thus far chosen not to unionize (we acquired fedex supply chain in 2015, which already had a small number of employees who are members of unions). additionally, certain of fedex express's non-u.s. employees are unionized. in june 2022, the transport workers union filed an application with the national mediation board requesting an election to represent approximately 130 goc specialists who perform flight dispatching functions in fedex express's goc center. fedex express has raised objections to the application in its response. in 2022, labor unions attempted to organize employees at businesses and in industries that have not traditionally been unionized, and in certain instances were successful. such attempts could continue in 2023.
our collective bargaining agreement with the alpa, which represents the pilots of fedex express, became amendable in november 2021. bargaining for a successor agreement began in may 2021 and continues. while collective bargaining agreements under the rla, which covers the pilots at fedex express, do not expire, we may be unable to maintain certain favorable terms included in the current collective bargaining agreement following negotiations with the alpa. our inability to successfully reach new collective bargaining agreements with the alpa and other unions representing fedex employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the u.s. congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. for example, there is always a possibility that congress could remove most fedex express employees from the jurisdiction of the rla. for additional discussion of the rla, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation." such legislation could expose our customers to the type of service disruptions that the rla was designed to prevent - local work stoppages in key areas that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our global network. such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets.
there is also the possibility that congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our companies, such as fedex ground and fedex freight, whose employees are governed by the nlra. in addition, federal and state governmental agencies, such as the national mediation board and the nlrb, have and may continue to take actions that could make it easier for our employees, as well as our vendor and supplier workforces, to organize under the rla or nlra. finally, changes to federal or state laws, regulations, rules, judicial or administrative precedent, or guidance governing employee classification could impact the status of fedex ground's service providers as independent employers of drivers. if fedex ground is deemed to be an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these service providers, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially, and we could incur significant capital outlays and experience adverse impacts to service levels.
fedex ground contracts with service providers to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of these service providers as direct and exclusive employers of drivers providing these services is being challenged. we are defending joint-employer cases where it is alleged that fedex ground should be treated as an employer or joint employer of the drivers employed by service providers engaged by fedex ground. we incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of service providers engaged by fedex ground as direct employers of their drivers. we continue to believe that fedex ground is not an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these independent businesses. however, adverse determinations in these matters or regulatory developments could, among other things, entitle service providers' drivers to certain wage payments and penalties from the service providers and fedex ground, and result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for fedex ground.
proposed pilot flight and duty time regulations could impair our operations and impose substantial costs on us. in 2010, the faa proposed regulations that would change the flight and duty time rules applicable to all-cargo air carriers. when the faa issued final regulations in 2011 (the "2011 regulations"), all-cargo carriers, including fedex express, were exempt from these new requirements. instead, all-cargo carriers were required to continue complying with previously enacted flight and duty time rules and allowed to pursue the development of fatigue risk management systems to develop fatigue mitigations unique to each operation. in 2012, the faa reaffirmed the exclusion of all-cargo carriers from the 2011 regulations, and litigation in the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia affirmed the faa's decision. however, this issue remains a policy priority for certain labor groups, and the u.s. congress is currently considering legislation that, if adopted, would require all-cargo carriers to comply with the 2011 regulations. required compliance with the 2011 regulations would make it more difficult to avoid pilot fatigue and could impose substantial costs on us in order to maintain operational reliability.
increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements, and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits, could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. we sponsor programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. these programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans, and postretirement healthcare plans. the costs of providing pension and other retirement benefit plans are dependent on numerous assumptions, such as discount rates, investment returns on plan assets, salary increases, expected retirement, mortality, employee turnover, and future increases in healthcare costs. changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as significant declines in the value of investments that fund our pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and we could be required from time to time to fund the pension plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. additionally, the rules for pension and retirement benefit plan accounting are complex, involve numerous assumptions, and can produce volatility in our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. for example, our fourth quarter mark-to-market ("mtm") retirement plans accounting adjustment resulted in a pre-tax, noncash loss of $1.3 billion in 2022 ($1.0 billion, net of tax, or $3.76 per diluted share) and a gain of $1.2 billion in 2021 ($936 million, net of tax, or $3.48 per diluted share). for additional information on our mtm retirement plans accounting adjustments, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition-results of operations and outlook-consolidated results-retirement plans mtm adjustments" and note 14 of the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report.
environmental, climate, and weather risks we may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change. concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant u.s. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit ghg emissions, including our aircraft and vehicle engine emissions. increasingly, state and local governments are also considering ghg regulatory requirements. compliance with such regulation and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to the regulation of climate change. increased regulation regarding ghg emissions, especially aircraft or vehicle engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on us, especially at fedex express. these costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. until the timing, scope, and extent of such possible regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. it is reasonably possible, however, that it could materially increase our operating expenses and have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business, if instituted. for additional discussion of regulatory responses to climate change, including corsia and the paris climate accord, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation." we may also incur additional expenses as a result of u.s. and international regulators requiring additional disclosures regarding ghg emissions.
moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the ghgs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air express services. finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to global macroeconomic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the physical risks of climate change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in weather patterns and world ecosystems.
we may be unable to achieve our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040. in 2021, we announced a goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040. achievement of this goal depends on our execution of operational strategies relating to vehicle electrification; development of sustainable customer solutions; identification and investment in alternative fuels, fuel conservation, and aircraft modernization programs; and investments in our facilities and natural carbon sequestration.
execution of these strategies and achievement of our calendar 2040 goal is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and achieve the anticipated benefits and associated cost savings of such strategies and actions; the availability and cost, and our ability to acquire, alternative fuel vehicles, alternative fuels, fuel-efficient aircraft, global electrical charging infrastructure, off-site renewable energy, and other materials and components; unforeseen production, design, operational, and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies on a commercially competitive basis such as carbon sequestration and/or other related processes; compliance with, and changes or additions to, global and regional regulations, taxes, charges, mandates, or requirements relating to ghg emissions, carbon costs, or climate-related goals; labor-related regulations and requirements that restrict or prohibit our ability to impose requirements on third parties who provide contracted transportation for our transportation networks; adapting products to customer preferences and customer acceptance of sustainable supply chain solutions; and the actions of competitors and competitive pressures.
there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategies and achieve our calendar 2040 goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations. failure to achieve our calendar 2040 goal could damage our reputation and customer and other stakeholder relationships. further, given investors' increased focus related to environmental, social, and governance matters, such a failure could cause large stockholders to reduce their ownership of fedex common stock and limit our access to financing. such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock.
our inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather or a localized disaster or disturbance in a key geography could adversely impact our business and results of operations. while we operate several integrated networks with assets distributed throughout the world, there are concentrations of key assets within our networks that are exposed to adverse weather conditions or localized risks from natural or manmade disasters such as earthquakes, volcanoes, wildfires, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, severe winter weather, conflicts or unrest, terrorist attacks, or other disturbances, actual or threatened. additionally, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change could increase the frequency, severity, or duration of certain adverse weather conditions. prolonged interruptions or disruptions at a key location such as our fedex express memphis world hub or one of our information-technology centers could adversely impact our business and results of operations. we also may incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate these functions. moreover, resulting economic dislocations, including supply chain and fuel disruptions, could adversely impact demand for our services resulting in an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
other legal, regulatory, and miscellaneous risks government regulation and enforcement are evolving and unfavorable changes could harm our business. we are subject to regulation under a wide variety of u.s. federal, state, and local and non-u.s. government regulations, laws, policies, and actions. there can be no assurance that such regulations, laws, policies, and actions will not be changed in ways that will decrease the demand for our services, subject us to escalating costs, or require us to modify our business models and objectives, harming our financial results. in particular, legislative, regulatory, or other actions that u.s. and non-u.s. governments have undertaken or are considering in areas such as data privacy and sovereignty, the use of new technology, taxes, foreign exchange intervention in response to currency volatility, currency controls that could restrict the movement of liquidity from particular jurisdictions, trade controls, tariffs, quotas, embargoes, or sanctions in the u.s. or other countries, complex economic sanctions, import and export controls, customs standards, additional security or workplace and transportation health and safety requirements, labor and employment standards (including with respect to our pilots) and benefits, government contracting, regulated commodities, environmental standards, and accounting may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, effective tax rate, and service levels. for additional discussion, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation." additionally, the current u.s. presidential administration and various u.s. federal and state regulatory bodies have indicated a desire to reform various aspects of existing laws, regulations, and enforcement priorities and strategies that could, among other things, lead to comprehensive tax reform, broadly increase the u.s. minimum wage to $15 per hour, make it easier for unions to organize our u.s. employees, and alter the employment relationship between service providers engaged by fedex ground and the drivers employed by those service providers.
we could be subject to adverse changes in regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions. we are subject to taxation in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. from time to time, changes in tax laws or regulations may be enacted that could significantly affect our overall tax liabilities and our effective tax rate. u.s. and foreign governmental agencies maintain focus on the taxation of multinational companies, including statutory tax rates, global minimum taxes (such as the framework agreed to by members of the organization for economic cooperation and development in 2022), digital taxes, and transactions between affiliated companies. such changes may require new and complex computations to be performed, significant judgments, estimates, and calculations to be made, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced.
standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of certain tax laws and regulations will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretation, and we may be required to make adjustments to amounts that we have recorded that may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition-results of operations and outlook-consolidated results-income taxes" of this annual report for information regarding the lawsuit we filed in 2021 challenging the validity of a tax regulation related to the one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings, which was enacted as part of the tax cuts and jobs act.
our business is subject to complex and evolving u.s. and foreign laws and regulations regarding data protection. there has recently been heightened regulatory and enforcement focus relating to the collection, use, retention, transfer, and processing of personal data in the u.s. (at both the state and federal level) and internationally, including the eu's general data protection regulation, the california privacy rights act, the virginia consumer data protection act, and other similar laws that have been or will be enacted by other jurisdictions. in addition, china and certain other jurisdictions have enacted more stringent data localization requirements. an actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable u.s. or foreign data protection laws, regulations, or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation (including, in some instances, class action litigation), fines, sanctions, or other penalties, which could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. this regulatory environment is increasingly challenging, based on discretionary factors, and difficult to predict. consequently, compliance with all applicable regulations in the various jurisdictions in which we do business may present material obligations and risks to our business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs, and enforcement risks; require us to make extensive system or operational changes; or adversely affect the cost or attractiveness of the services we offer. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements, as well as the uncertain interpretation and enforcement of laws, impose significant costs and regulatory risks that are likely to increase over time. see "failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer." above for additional information on data protection risks related to shoprunner and fedex dataworks.
the regulatory environment for global aviation or other transportation rights may impact our operations and increase our operating costs. our extensive air network is critical to our success. our right to serve foreign points is subject to the approval of the dot and generally requires a bilateral agreement between the u.s. and foreign governments. in addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign governments to provide specific flights and services. our operations outside of the u.s., such as fedex express's international domestic operations, are also subject to current and potential regulations, including certain postal regulations and licensing requirements, that restrict, make difficult, and sometimes prohibit, the ability of foreign-owned companies such as fedex express to compete effectively in parts of the international domestic transportation and logistics market. regulatory or executive actions affecting global aviation or transportation rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights in important international markets could impair our ability to operate our networks. further, our ability to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights internationally may be adversely affected by changes in international trade policies and relations.
we are subject to other extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that may result in significant costs. for instance, the faa from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures in order to comply. high-profile accidents, catastrophes, or incidents involving aircraft may trigger increased regulatory and legal compliance requirements. these requirements can be issued with little or no notice, or can otherwise impact our ability to efficiently or fully utilize our aircraft, and in some instances have resulted in the temporary grounding of aircraft types altogether. further, our business may be adversely impacted when government agencies cease to operate as expected, including due to partial shutdowns, sequestrations, or similar events, which may result in, among other things, disruption in the ability of government agencies to grant required regulatory approvals. for additional discussion, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation."
 the united kingdom's exit from the eu ("brexit"), including the economic, operational, regulatory, and financial impacts of any post-brexit trade deal between the united kingdom and eu;
 the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state, and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies;
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, chinese yuan, british pound, canadian dollar, hong kong dollar, australian dollar, japanese yen, and mexican peso, which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency sales prices;
 any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action, derivative, and other litigation, such as wage-and-hour, joint employment, securities, vehicle accident, and discrimination and retaliation claims, claims related to our mandatory and voluntary reporting and disclosure of climate change and other esg topics, and any other legal or governmental proceedings, including the matters discussed in note 19 of the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report;
 the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and our ability to continue to identify and eliminate unnecessary information-technology redundancy and complexity throughout the organization;
 disruptions in global supply chains, which can limit the access of fedex and our service providers to vehicles and other key capital resources and increase our costs;
 constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets, our ability to maintain our current credit ratings, commercial paper ratings, and senior unsecured debt and pass-through certificate credit ratings, and our ability to meet credit agreement financial covenants.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition organization of information this management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition ("md&a") of fedex corporation ("fedex" or the "company") is composed of three major sections: results of operations and outlook, financial condition, and critical accounting estimates. these sections include the following information:
results of operations includes an overview of our consolidated 2022 results compared to 2021 results. this section also includes a discussion of key actions and events that impacted our results, as well as our outlook for 2023. discussion and analysis of 2020 results and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 results and 2020 results can be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of our annual report on form 10-k ("annual report") for the year ended may 31, 2021.
our financial condition is reviewed through an analysis of key elements of our liquidity and capital resources, financial commitments, and liquidity outlook for 2023.
critical accounting estimates discusses those financial statement elements that we believe are most important to understanding the material judgments and assumptions incorporated in our financial results.
the discussion in md&a should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report, particularly "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors," and "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
description of business segments we provide a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce, and business services through companies competing collectively, operating collaboratively, and innovating digitally, under the respected fedex brand. our primary operating companies are federal express corporation ("fedex express"), the world's largest express transportation company; fedex ground package system, inc. ("fedex ground"), a leading north american provider of small-package ground delivery services; and fedex freight corporation ("fedex freight"), a leading north american provider of less-than-truckload ("ltl") freight transportation services. these companies represent our major service lines and, along with fedex corporate services, inc. ("fedex services"), constitute our reportable segments. our fedex services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. the operating costs of the fedex services segment are allocated to the business units it serves. see "reportable segments" for further discussion and refer to "item 1. business" for a more detailed description of each of our operating companies.
our ability to manage our cost structure (capital expenditures and operating expenses) to match shifting volume levels; and
the timing and amount of fluctuations in fuel prices and our ability to recover incremental fuel costs through our fuel surcharges.
many of our operating expenses are directly impacted by revenue and volume levels, and we expect these operating expenses to fluctuate on a year-over-year basis consistent with changes in revenue and volumes. therefore, the discussion of operating expense captions focuses on the key drivers and trends impacting expenses other than those factors strictly related to changes in revenue and volumes. the line item "other operating expense" includes costs associated with outside service contracts (such as facility services and cargo handling, temporary labor, and security), insurance, professional fees, and operational supplies.
(1)the following is a summary of the effects of the (costs) benefits of certain items affecting our financial results for the years ended may 31 (in millions):
items affecting operating income:
items affecting net income:
overview we experienced revenue and operating income growth in 2022 resulting from yield management actions, including the favorable net impact of fuel at all of our transportation segments. in addition, our results were positively affected by a mix shift to our higher yielding services due to strategic actions to improve revenue quality. lower variable incentive compensation expense, as well as severe winter weather experienced in the prior year, also benefited year-over-year operating income in 2022.
our operating results for 2022 were negatively affected by the coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic, labor market challenges, and inflationary cost pressures. labor market challenges contributed to global supply chain disruptions and affected the availability and cost of labor resulting in network inefficiencies, higher purchased transportation costs, and higher wage rates. in addition, global recovery from the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic slowed with the onset of new variants, which resulted in reduced shipping demand and caused network disruptions, particularly at fedex express during 2022.
our 2022 results include business realignment costs of $278 million ($214 million, net of tax, or $0.80 per diluted share) associated with our workforce reduction plan in europe announced in 2021. see the "business realignment costs" section of this md&a for more information. our 2022 results also include a $210 million charge ($160 million, net of tax, of $0.60 per diluted share) recognized in the fourth quarter related to pre- and post-judgment interest in connection with a fedex ground legal matter. the amount is included in "corporate, other, and eliminations." see note 19 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information.
we incurred tnt express integration expenses totaling $132 million ($103 million, net of tax, or $0.39 per diluted share) in 2022, a decrease of $78 million from 2021. the integration expenses are predominantly incremental costs directly associated with the integration of tnt express, primarily related to professional and legal fees. internal salaries and wages are included only to the extent the individuals are assigned full-time to integration activities. these costs were recognized at fedex express and fedex corporation. the identification of these costs as integration-related expenditures is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures. integration expenses do not include costs associated with our business realignment activities (discussed above).
consolidated net income includes a pre-tax, noncash loss of $1.6 billion in 2022 ($1.2 billion, net of tax, or $4.49 per diluted share) and a gain of $1.2 billion in 2021 ($895 million, net of tax, or $3.33 per diluted share) associated with our mtm retirement plans accounting adjustments. see the "retirement plans mtm adjustments" section of this md&a and note 14 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
consolidated net income in 2021 also includes a loss on debt extinguishment of $393 million ($297 million, net of tax, or $1.11 per diluted share) associated with our capital allocation strategy, which includes reducing outstanding debt. see the "other income and expense" section of this md&a and note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
net income for 2022 includes a $142 million ($0.53 per diluted share) tax benefit related to revisions of prior year estimates identified during the preparation of u.s. and foreign tax returns. in 2021, we recognized a tax benefit of $279 million ($1.04 per diluted share) related to the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act"), which allows tax losses to be offset against income from prior years that was taxed at higher rates, and a tax benefit of $66 million ($0.25 per diluted share) from a tax rate increase in the netherlands applied to our deferred tax asset balances. see the "income taxes" section of this md&a and note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
in december 2021, our board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program of up to $5 billion of fedex common stock (in addition to a 25 million share repurchase program authorized in 2016), and we entered into an accelerated share repurchase ("asr") agreement with a bank to repurchase an aggregate of $1.5 billion of our common stock. share repurchases had a benefit of $0.13 per diluted share in 2022. see note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the "financial condition-liquidity" section of this md&a for additional information on our repurchase programs (defined below).
(1)international domestic average daily package volume relates to our international intra-country operations. international export average daily package volume relates to our international priority and economy services.
(3)international average daily freight pounds relate to our international priority, economy, and airfreight services.
(1)international export revenue per package relates to our international priority and economy services. international domestic revenue per package relates to our international intra-country operations.
(2)international revenue per pound relates to our international priority, economy, and airfreight services.
revenue revenue increased 11% in 2022 primarily due to yield management actions, including higher fuel surcharges, as well as commercial and home delivery volume growth at fedex ground and volume growth at fedex freight. in addition, we experienced severe winter weather in the prior year which positively affected the year-over-year comparisons in 2022.
revenue at fedex express increased 9% in 2022 due to global package and international priority freight yield improvement, partially offset by decreased international and u.s. domestic package volume, as well as lower u.s. average daily freight pounds. at fedex ground, revenue increased 9% in 2022 primarily due to yield improvement, two additional ground commercial operating days, a mix shift to higher-yielding services, and growth in our commercial services. fedex freight revenue increased 22% in 2022 primarily due to higher revenue per shipment and increased average daily shipments. revenue at corporate, other, and eliminations increased 33% in 2022 primarily due to higher yields at fedex logistics, inc. ("fedex logistics") as a result of market capacity constraints related to the covid-19 pandemic.
business realignment costs in 2021, fedex express announced a workforce reduction plan in europe related to the network integration of tnt express. the plan will affect approximately 5,000 employees in europe across operational teams and back-office functions. the execution of the plan is subject to a works council consultation process that will occur through 2023 in accordance with local country processes and regulations.
we incurred costs of $278 million ($214 million, net of tax, or $0.80 per diluted share) in 2022 and $116 million ($90 million, net of tax, or $0.33 per diluted share) in 2021 associated with our business realignment activities. these costs are related to certain employee severance arrangements. payments under this program totaled approximately $225 million in 2022 and approximately $15 million in 2021. we expect the pre-tax cost of our business realignment activities to be approximately $420 million through 2023. we expect savings from our business realignment activities to be between $275 million and $350 million on an annualized basis beginning in 2024. the actual amount and timing of business realignment costs and related cost savings resulting from the workforce reduction plan are dependent on local country consultation processes and regulations and negotiated social plans and may differ from our current expectations and estimates.
salaries and employee benefits        $32,058        $30,173           6        34.3     %              35.9   %
(2)includes costs associated with the workforce reduction plan in europe.
(3)includes a $210 million charge in 2022 related to pre- and post-judgment interest in connection with a fedex ground legal matter.
the challenging labor market and inflationary pressures contributed to increases in purchased transportation, salaries and employee benefits, and other operating expenses in 2022. higher fuel surcharges also contributed to increased purchased transportation costs. salaries and employee benefits expense also increased in 2022 due to merit increases, partially offset by lower variable incentive compensation expense. higher self-insurance accruals, increased costs related to information technology expenses, a charge related to pre- and post-judgment interest in connection with a fedex ground legal matter, and additional volume-related expenses also contributed to an increase in other operating expense in 2022. rentals and landing fees increased in 2022 primarily driven by increased vehicle and aircraft leases at fedex express, as well as network expansion at fedex ground.
fuel we apply a fuel surcharge on our air and ground services, most of which are adjusted on a weekly basis. the fuel surcharge is based on a weekly fuel price from two weeks prior to the week in which it is assessed. some fedex express international fuel surcharges incorporate a timing lag of approximately six to eight weeks. we routinely review our fuel surcharges and periodically update the tables used to determine our fuel surcharges at all of our transportation segments. the net impact of fuel on operating income described below and for each segment below does not include the impact from these ordinary-course table changes.
while fluctuations in fuel surcharge percentages can be significant from period to period, fuel surcharges represent one of the many individual components of our pricing structure that impact our overall revenue and yield. additional components include the mix of services sold, the base price, and extra service charges we obtain for these services and level of pricing discounts offered.
fuel expense increased 77% during 2022 due to higher fuel prices. in addition to variability in usage and market prices, the manner in which we purchase fuel also influences the net impact of fuel on our results. for example, our contracts for jet fuel purchases at fedex express are tied to various indices, including the u.s. gulf coast index. while many of these indices are aligned, each index may fluctuate at a different pace, driving variability in the prices paid for jet fuel. furthermore, under these contractual arrangements, approximately 70% of our jet fuel is purchased based on the index price for the preceding week, with the remainder of our purchases tied primarily to the index price for the preceding month and preceding day, rather than based on daily spot rates. these contractual provisions mitigate the impact of rapidly changing daily spot rates on our jet fuel purchases.
because of the factors described above, our operating results may be affected should the market price of fuel suddenly change by a significant amount or change by amounts that do not result in an adjustment in our fuel surcharges, which can significantly affect our earnings either positively or negatively in the short-term. for more information, see "item 1a. risk factors."
the net impact of fuel had a significant benefit to operating income in 2022 as higher fuel surcharges outpaced increased fuel prices. the net impact of fuel on our operating results does not consider the effects that fuel surcharge levels may have on our business, including changes in demand and shifts in the mix of services purchased by our customers. in addition, our purchased transportation expense is impacted by fuel costs.
other income and expense interest expense decreased $104 million in 2022 primarily due to the 2021 debt extinguishment transactions further discussed in the "liquidity" section of this md&a and note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. during 2021, we issued $3.25 billion of senior unsecured debt under our shelf registration statement and used the net proceeds to redeem outstanding debt. in connection with our debt restructuring, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $393 million ($297 million, net of tax, or $1.11 per diluted share) in 2021. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information.
retirement plans mtm adjustments in 2022, we incurred a pre-tax, noncash mtm loss of $1.6 billion ($1.2 billion, net of tax, or $4.49 per diluted share), which includes a net loss of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion, net of tax, or $3.76 per diluted share) related to the year-end actuarial adjustments of pension and postretirement healthcare plans' assets and liabilities. these actuarial adjustments were due to lower than expected asset returns, demographic experience, and an update to the mortality assumption, partially offset by higher discount rates.
in addition, we incurred a pre-tax, noncash mtm net loss of $260 million ($195 million, net of tax, or $0.73 per diluted share) in the second quarter of 2022, of which $224 million was related to the termination of the tnt express netherlands pension plan. effective october 1, 2021, the responsibility of all pension assets and liabilities of this plan was transferred to a separate, multi-employer pension plan. the remaining $36 million net loss was related to the u.s. fedex freight pension plan and consisted of a $75 million mtm loss due to a lower discount rate in the second quarter of 2022, partially offset by a $39 million curtailment gain.
in 2021, we incurred a pre-tax, noncash mtm gain of $1.2 billion ($936 million, net of tax, or $3.48 per diluted share) related to the year-end actuarial adjustments of pension and postretirement healthcare plans' assets and liabilities. these actuarial adjustments were due to higher than expected asset returns and an improved discount rate.
additionally, in 2021, we incurred a pre-tax, noncash mtm net loss of $52 million ($41 million, net of tax, or $0.15 per diluted share) related to amendments to the tnt express netherlands pension plan. benefits for approximately 2,100 employees were frozen effective december 31, 2020. on january 1, 2021, these employees began earning pension benefits under a separate, multi-employer pension plan. this $52 million net loss consisted of a $106 million mtm loss due to a lower discount rate and a $54 million curtailment gain.
for more information, see the "critical accounting estimates" section of this md&a and note 1 and note 14 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the 2022 tax provision was favorably impacted by a benefit of $142 million related to revisions of prior year tax estimates identified during the preparation of u.s. and foreign tax returns. the 2022 tax provision was also favorably impacted by changes in our corporate legal entity structure.
the 2021 tax provision includes a benefit of $279 million from an increase in our 2020 tax loss that the cares act allowed to be carried back to 2015, when the u.s. federal income tax rate was 35%. the 2021 tax provision also includes a benefit of $66 million from a tax rate increase in the netherlands applied to our deferred tax asset balances and was unfavorably impacted by an increase in uncertain tax positions for matters in multiple jurisdictions.
we are subject to taxation in the u.s. and various u.s. state, local, and foreign jurisdictions. we are currently under examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") for the 2016 through 2019 tax years. it is reasonably possible that certain income tax return proceedings will be completed during the next 12 months and could result in a change in our balance of unrecognized tax benefits. however, we believe we have recorded adequate amounts of tax, including interest and penalties, for any adjustments expected to occur.
during 2021, we filed suit in u.s. district court for the western district of tennessee challenging the validity of a tax regulation related to the one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings, which was enacted as part of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja"). our lawsuit seeks to have the court declare this regulation invalid and order the refund of overpayments of u.s. federal income taxes for 2018 and 2019 attributable to the denial of foreign tax credits under the regulation. we have recorded a cumulative benefit of $215 million through 2022 attributable to our interpretation of the tcja and the internal revenue code. we continue to pursue this lawsuit; however, if we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, we may be required to reverse the benefit previously recorded.
for more information on income taxes, see the "critical accounting estimates" section of this md&a and note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
business acquisitions see note 4 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of business acquisitions.
equity investment on december 8, 2021, fedex express entered into equity and commercial agreements with delhivery limited ("delhivery"). as part of the collaboration, fedex express made a $100 million equity investment in delhivery, fedex express sold certain assets pertaining to its domestic business in india to delhivery, and the companies entered into a long-term commercial agreement. fedex express will focus on international export and import services to and from india, and delhivery will, in addition to fedex, sell fedex express international services in the india market and provide pickup-and-delivery services across india. this transaction was recorded in the third quarter of 2022 and was not material to our results of operations.
russia and ukraine conflict the conflict in russia and ukraine that began in february 2022 continues as of the date of this annual report. the safety of our team members in ukraine is our top priority. we are providing team members in ukraine with financial assistance and other resources. we have provided more than $2.3 million in humanitarian aid to support those impacted by the conflict in ukraine, which includes $1 million of in-kind shipping to organizations who are transporting supplies into the area. as we focus on the safety of our team members, we have suspended all services in ukraine, russia, and belarus, which has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on our business or results of operations. for more information about the conflict between russia and ukraine and its effect on fedex's business and results of operations, see "item 1a. risk factors" of this annual report.
outlook during 2023, we anticipate revenue and operating income growth will be driven by improved yields and cost control actions, as we continue to focus on yield management and revenue quality to help mitigate the impact of slowing economic conditions on our volumes and inflationary pressures on our costs. we will continue to manage network capacity to demand levels, flexing our network and making adjustments as needed to align operating costs to volumes. we will also continue executing targeted actions to improve productivity and lower costs both through advanced technology and optimization of operations.
during 2023, we expect to continue our ongoing initiatives aimed to transform and optimize the fedex express international business, particularly in europe. these actions are focused on reducing the complexity and fragmentation of our international business, improving efficiency to meet changing customer expectations and business dynamics, lowering costs, increasing profitability, and improving service levels. as part of this strategy, in 2021 we announced a workforce reduction plan in europe, which we expect to be substantially complete in 2023, with aggregate spend through the completion of the program anticipated to be approximately $420 million in cash expenditures. we expect savings from our business realignment activities to be between $275 million and $350 million on an annualized basis beginning in 2024. see the "business realignment costs" section of this md&a for additional information.
our capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be consistent with 2022 at approximately $6.8 billion. we expect increased investment in replacement vehicles including our vehicle electrification initiative, information technology, and strategic initiatives aimed to optimize operations across our networks to be offset with lower aircraft fleet modernization spend. our expected capital expenditures for 2023 also include investments in facilities and equipment at fedex ground, and the fedex express indianapolis and memphis hub expansion and modernization programs.
we will continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. for additional details on key 2023 capital projects, refer to the "financial condition - capital resources" and "financial condition - liquidity outlook" sections of this md&a.
the uncertainty of a slowing global economy, geopolitical challenges including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, and the continuing effect of the covid-19 pandemic, and the impact these factors will have on the rate of growth of global trade, supply chains, fuel prices, and our business in particular, make any expectations for 2023 inherently less certain. see "item 1a. risk factors" for more information.
see "item 1a. risk factors" and "forward-looking statements" for a discussion of these and other potential risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our future performance.
seasonality of business our businesses are cyclical in nature, as seasonal fluctuations affect volumes, revenue, and earnings. historically, the u.s. express package business experiences an increase in volumes in late november and december. international business, particularly in the asia-to-u.s. market, peaks in october and november in advance of the u.s. holiday sales season. our first and third fiscal quarters, because they are summer vacation and post winter-holiday seasons, have historically experienced lower volumes relative to other periods. normally, the fall is the busiest shipping period for fedex ground, while late december, june and july are the slowest periods. for fedex freight, the spring and fall are the busiest periods and the latter part of december through february is the slowest period. shipment levels, operating costs, and earnings for each of our companies can also be adversely affected by inclement weather, particularly the impact of severe winter weather in our third fiscal quarter. see "item 1a. risk factors" for more information.
reportable segments fedex express, fedex ground, and fedex freight represent our major service lines and, along with fedex services, constitute our reportable segments. our reportable segments include the following businesses:
fedex custom critical, inc. (time-critical transportation)
fedex services segment the fedex services segment provides direct and indirect support to our operating segments, and we allocate all of the net operating costs of the fedex services segment to reflect the full cost of operating our businesses in the results of those segments. we review and evaluate the performance of our transportation segments based on operating income (inclusive of fedex services segment allocations). for the fedex services segment, performance is evaluated based on the impact of its total allocated net operating costs on our operating segments.
operating expense for each of our transportation segments include the allocations from the fedex services segment to the respective transportation segments. these allocations include charges and credits for administrative services provided between operating companies. the allocations of net operating costs are based on metrics such as relative revenue or estimated services provided. we believe these allocations approximate the net cost of providing these functions. our allocation methodologies are refined periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses.
corporate, other, and eliminations corporate and other includes corporate headquarters costs for executive officers and certain legal and finance functions, including certain other costs and credits not attributed to our core business, as well as certain costs associated with developing our innovate digitally strategic pillar through our fedex dataworks, inc. (including shoprunner, inc.) ("fedex dataworks") operating segment. fedex dataworks is focused on creating solutions to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members.
in 2022, the increase in operating results in corporate, other, and eliminations was primarily due to improved operating income at fedex logistics. market capacity constraints related to the covid-19 pandemic drove higher revenue due to increased yields, partially offset by higher purchased transportation costs. in addition, 2022 operating results in corporate, other, and eliminations include a $210 million charge recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to pre- and post-judgment interest in connection with a fedex ground legal matter. see note 19 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information.
certain fedex operating companies provide transportation and related services for other fedex companies outside their reportable segment in order to optimize our resources. for example, during 2022 fedex ground provided delivery support for certain fedex express packages as part of our last-mile optimization efforts, and fedex freight provided road and intermodal support for both fedex ground and fedex express. in addition, fedex express is working with fedex logistics to secure air charters for u.s. customers. billings for such services are based on negotiated rates, which we believe approximate fair value, and are reflected as revenue of the billing segment. these rates are adjusted from time to time based on market conditions. such intersegment revenue and expenses are eliminated in our consolidated results and are not separately identified in the following segment information because the amounts are not material.
fedex express segment fedex express offers a wide range of u.s. domestic and international shipping services for delivery of packages and freight including priority, deferred, and economy services, which provide delivery on a time-definite or day-definite basis. the following table compares revenue, operating expenses, operating income (dollars in millions), operating margin, and operating expenses as a percent of revenue for the years ended may 31:
international priority                                 12,130                 10,317                      18
international priority                                  3,840                  3,030                      27
salaries and employee benefits                         16,435                 16,217                       1                 35.9                    38.5
international priority                             786                752                   5
u.s. domestic composite                          20.15              17.79                  13
international priority                           60.54              53.84                  12
international export composite                   55.21              49.03                  13
composite package yield                          22.56              19.06                  18
international priority                           6,671              6,155                   8
international priority                            2.26               1.93                  17
composite freight yield                           1.23               1.10                  12
fedex express segment revenue fedex express segment revenue increased 9% in 2022 primarily due to global package and international priority freight yield management actions, including higher fuel surcharges. these factors were partially offset by decreased international domestic package volume driven by yield management actions. additionally, we experienced lower u.s. average daily freight pounds primarily due to decreased demand and a reduction in charter flights, as well as decreased u.s. domestic package volume due to a decline in our deferred service offerings, reflecting year-over-year impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on consumer behavior in 2022.
yield improvement, including higher fuel surcharges, drove increases in international export package yield of 13%, u.s. domestic package yield of 13%, composite freight yield of 12%, and international domestic package yield of 13% in 2022. international export average daily volumes increased 3% primarily due to growth in our international priority service offering, as industry-wide capacity constraints and actions to prioritize premium-yielding products drove a mix shift from international economy to international priority services. total average daily freight pounds decreased 5% primarily due to decreased demand and a reduction in charter flights. this decrease was partially offset by higher international priority freight pounds resulting from increased demand for international freight capacity in 2022.
fedex express segment operating income fedex express segment operating income increased 4% in 2022 primarily due to yield management actions, including the favorable net impact of fuel, lower variable incentive compensation expense, and less severe weather experienced in 2022, partially offset by higher operating expenses related to labor market challenges and inflationary pressures. the covid-19 pandemic and geopolitical uncertainty negatively impacted our operations in 2022 as we experienced reduced shipping demand and network disruptions, particularly in the second half of the year. in addition, we experienced lower u.s. average daily freight pounds due to decreased demand and a reduction in charter flights in 2022.
fedex express prior year operating results included a pre-tax benefit of approximately $165 million from a reduction in aviation excise taxes provided by the cares act, which expired on december 31, 2020 and negatively affected year-over-year comparisons in 2022.
fedex express segment results include business realignment costs of $278 million in 2022 associated with our workforce reduction plan in europe. see the "business realignment costs" section of this md&a for more information. fedex express segments results also include approximately $115 million of tnt express integration expenses in 2022, a decrease of $61 million from 2021.
purchased transportation expense increased 10% in 2022 primarily due to higher utilization of third-party transportation providers and increased rates. other operating expense increased 8% in 2022 primarily due to higher outside service contract expense, which includes variable costs driven by the constrained labor market, as well as additional volume-related expenses. rentals and landing fees expense increased 12% in 2022 primarily due to increased vehicle and aircraft leases. salaries and employee benefits expense increased 1% in 2022 primarily due to higher labor costs related to the constrained labor market and wage pressures, partially offset by lower variable incentive compensation expense.
fuel expense increased 80% in 2022 due to increased fuel prices. the net impact of fuel had a significant benefit to operating income in 2022 as higher fuel surcharges outpaced increased fuel prices. see the "results of operations and outlook - consolidated results - fuel" section of this md&a for a description and additional discussion of the net impact of fuel on our operating results.
fedex express segment outlook in 2023, we will focus on actions to improve global network efficiencies and lower our cost to serve as we expect rising uncertainty from the slowing economic environment, including inflationary pressures and geopolitical conditions, to impact our business. in addition, we will execute our disciplined revenue management strategy and implement cost control actions to drive improved revenue and operating income. we will focus on returning to industry-leading service to support yield improvement.
capital expenditures at fedex express are expected to be relatively flat in 2023, with an increase in capital spend primarily related to vehicle purchases including our vehicle electrification initiative, investments in information technology, and package handling equipment, offset by a decrease in aircraft spend. we continue to make multi-year investments in our facilities to expand and modernize the indianapolis hub and the memphis world hub.
salaries and employee benefits                      7,101                  6,060                      17                     21.4                    19.9
fedex ground segment revenue fedex ground segment revenue increased 9% in 2022 due to yield management actions, including higher fuel surcharges, as well as two additional ground commercial operating weekdays. in addition, a mix shift to higher yielding services due to strategic actions to improve revenue quality and growth in our commercial services as business returned to pre-pandemic levels contributed to the increase in revenue in 2022.
fedex ground yield increased 10% in 2022 primarily due to higher fuel surcharges, product mix, and revenue management actions. average daily volume decreased 1% in 2022 driven by lower economy volume, partially offset by growth in ground commercial and home delivery services. strategic actions to improve revenue quality and prioritize capacity for higher yielding business-to-consumer volume drove a mix shift from economy to home delivery services in 2022. commercial services experienced growth in 2022 as business returned to pre-pandemic levels.
fedex ground segment operating income fedex ground segment operating income decreased 17% in 2022 primarily due to higher operating expenses related to labor market challenges and inflationary pressures, as well as incremental costs associated with changes to our product mix. the constrained labor market affected the availability and cost of labor resulting in higher purchased transportation costs, network inefficiencies, and higher wage rates. in addition, higher self-insurance accruals and increased costs resulting from network expansion negatively impacted operating income in 2022. these factors were partially offset by yield management actions, including the favorable net impact of fuel, a favorable mix shift to higher yielding services, growth in commercial services, and two additional ground commercial operating weekdays in 2022.
purchased transportation expense increased 8% in 2022 due to higher fuel surcharges, as well as the challenging labor market resulting in increased rates, higher utilization of third-party service providers, and network inefficiencies. salaries and employee benefits expense increased 17% in 2022 due to inflationary pressures and network inefficiencies related to the constrained labor market. other operating expense increased 23% in 2022 primarily due to higher self-insurance accruals, higher variable costs associated with the constrained labor market, and additional volume-related expenses. rentals expense increased 21% in 2022 due to network expansion.
the net impact of fuel had a significant benefit to operating income in 2022 as higher fuel surcharges outpaced increased fuel prices. see the "results of operations and outlook - consolidated results - fuel" section of this md&a for a description and additional discussion of the net impact of fuel on our operating results.
fedex ground segment outlook in 2023, fedex ground will focus on specific productivity and workforce initiatives to optimize operations and reduce cost to serve. in addition, we are making strategic technology investments to improve safety and efficiency within our operations, as well as executing targeted actions to enhance the hiring process, improve retention, and align staffing levels with network demands. we will also continue executing pricing initiatives to mitigate slowing market demand and network capacity dynamics, while delivering consistently superior service and improving the recipient experience to retain and grow the customer base. we anticipate these actions, as well as cost control measures, will result in improved revenue and operating income in 2023.
capital expenditures at fedex ground are expected to decrease in 2023 primarily related to lower spending on trailers and investments in information technology.
fedex freight segment fedex freight ltl service offerings include priority services when speed is critical and economy services when time can be traded for savings. the following table compares revenue, operating expenses, operating income (dollars in millions), operating margin, selected statistics, and operating expenses as a percent of revenue for the years ended may 31:
salaries and employee benefits                      4,140                 3,666              13                     43.4                    46.8
priority                                             79.1                  76.2               4
priority                                            1,092                 1,104              (1   )
composite weight per shipment                       1,050                 1,069              (2   )
priority                                          $320.76               $269.98              19
composite revenue per shipment                    $334.57               $282.95
priority                                           $29.38                $24.45              20
composite revenue per hundredweight                $31.88                $26.46              20
revenue per shipment increased 18% in 2022 primarily due to revenue quality initiatives, including higher fuel surcharges, which more than offset the effect of slightly lower weight per shipment. average daily shipments increased 3% in 2022 due to higher demand for our service offerings.
fedex freight segment operating income fedex freight segment operating income increased significantly in 2022 driven by continued focus on revenue quality and profitable growth. severe winter weather experienced in the prior year, as well as one additional operating day, benefited our year-over-year operating income comparisons in 2022. higher purchased transportation costs and wage rates as a result of constrained labor market conditions negatively affected results in 2022.
salaries and employee benefits increased 13% in 2022 primarily due to merit increases, higher volumes, and higher labor costs in the constrained labor market. purchased transportation increased 18% in 2022 primarily due to the challenging labor market resulting in higher utilization of third-party service providers and increased rates, as well as higher fuel surcharges.
fuel expense increased 66% in 2022 primarily due to increased fuel prices. the net impact of fuel had a significant benefit to operating income in 2022 as higher fuel surcharges outpaced increased fuel prices. see the "results of operations and outlook - consolidated results - fuel" section of this md&a for a description and additional discussion of the net impact of fuel on our operating results.
fedex freight segment outlook we expect higher revenue and operating income for 2023 as we continue to utilize technology to improve the customer experience and deliver profitable growth. we remain focused on safety, revenue quality, and improving operational productivities and efficiencies to mitigate the impact of slowing economic conditions on our business. we will continue to invest in fedex freight direct, a service to meet the needs of the growing e-commerce market for delivery of heavy, bulky products to or through the door for residences and businesses, and expect profitable growth in 2023. we will continue to capitalize on opportunities to collaborate with fedex ground and fedex express by providing road, pickup-and-delivery, dock, and intermodal support.
capital expenditures at fedex freight are expected to increase in 2023 primarily due to fleet modernization and strategic investments in our network to support our focus on the security of our people, assets, and customers' freight.
financial condition liquidity cash and cash equivalents totaled $6.9 billion at may 31, 2022, compared to $7.1 billion at may 31, 2021. the following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the years ended may 31 (in millions):
operating activities:
other noncash charges and credits                                 7,494                  7,457
changes in assets and liabilities                                (3,119   )             (1,872   )
cash provided by operating activities                             9,832                 10,135
investing activities:
capital expenditures                                             (6,763   )             (5,884   )
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                           -                   (228   )
proceeds from asset dispositions and other                           94                    102
cash used in investing activities                                (6,816   )             (6,010   )
financing activities:
cash used in financing activities                                (3,019   )             (2,090   )
cash provided by operating activities. cash flows from operating activities decreased $0.3 billion in 2022 primarily due to timing of variable incentive compensation payments and a decrease in other tax liabilities, including prior year relief from certain taxes in the u.s. pursuant to the cares act, partially offset by lower accounts receivable due to the prior year effects of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as higher net income (net of noncash items).
cash used in investing activities. capital expenditures were 15% higher in 2022 primarily due to increased spending on package handling equipment, vehicles and trailers, facilities, and information technology, partially offset by decreased aircraft spending. see "capital resources" below for a more detailed discussion of capital expenditures during 2022.
financing activities. in january 2016, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program of up to 25 million shares (the "2016 repurchase program"). in december 2021, our board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program of up to $5 billion of fedex common stock (the "2022 repurchase program" and together with the 2016 repurchase program, the "repurchase programs"). as part of the repurchase programs, we entered into an asr agreement with a bank in december 2021 to repurchase an aggregate of $1.5 billion of our common stock. during 2022, the asr transaction was completed, and 6.1 million shares were delivered under the asr agreement. we repurchased 2.8 million additional shares of our common stock during 2022.
as of may 31, 2022, $4.1 billion remained available to be used for repurchases under the 2022 repurchase program. no shares remain available for repurchase under the 2016 repurchase program. shares under the 2022 repurchase program may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. the program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. see note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.
during 2021, we issued $3.25 billion of senior unsecured debt under our shelf registration statement and used the net proceeds to redeem $5.8 billion of outstanding debt and pay associated redemption premiums of $393 million, eliminating all debt maturities through 2025 and one maturity in 2027. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the terms of the senior unsecured debt, including the sustainability notes (defined in note 7), as well as the debt maturities redeemed.
additionally, during 2021, fedex express issued $970 million of pass-through certificates, series 2020-1aa (the "certificates") with a fixed interest rate of 1.875% due in february 2034 utilizing pass-through trusts. the certificates are secured by 19 boeing aircraft. the payment obligations of fedex express in respect of the certificates are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by fedex. fedex express is using the proceeds from the issuance for general corporate purposes. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the terms of the certificates.
capital resources our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in aircraft, package handling and sort equipment, vehicles and trailers, technology, and facilities. the amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including pre-existing contractual commitments, anticipated volume growth, domestic and international economic conditions, new or enhanced services, geographical expansion of services, availability of satisfactory financing, and actions of regulatory authorities.
the following table compares capital expenditures by asset category and reportable segment for the years ended may 31 (in millions):
facilities and other                                      1,185               914                  30
total capital expenditures                               $6,763            $5,884                  15
total capital expenditures                               $6,763            $5,884                  15
capital expenditures increased $0.9 billion during 2022 primarily due to increased spending on package handling equipment at all transportation segments, higher spending on vehicles and trailers, as well as facilities at fedex ground and fedex express, and higher information technology spending at fedex services, partially offset by decreased aircraft spending at fedex express.
guarantor financial information we are providing the following information in compliance with rule 13-01 of regulation s-x, "financial disclosures about guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities" with respect to our senior unsecured debt securities and the certificates.
the $19.1 billion principal amount of the senior unsecured notes were issued by fedex under a shelf registration statement and are guaranteed by certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of fedex ("guarantor subsidiaries"). fedex owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of each guarantor subsidiary. the guarantees are (1) unsecured obligations of the respective guarantor subsidiary, (2) rank equally with all of their other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, and (3) are full and unconditional and joint and several. if we sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of all of the capital stock or all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor subsidiary to any person that is not an affiliate of fedex, the guarantee of that guarantor subsidiary will terminate, and holders of debt securities will no longer have a direct claim against such subsidiary under the guarantee.
additionally, fedex fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment obligation of fedex express in respect of the $892 million principal amount of the certificates. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the terms of the certificates.
the following tables present summarized financial information for fedex (as parent) and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after transactions and balances within the combined entities have been eliminated.
current liabilities             10,324
total liabilities               58,883
the following tables present summarized financial information for fedex (as parent guarantor) and fedex express (as subsidiary issuer) on a combined basis after transactions and balances within the combined entities have been eliminated.
current liabilities              5,155
total liabilities               47,830
liquidity outlook in response to current business and economic conditions as referenced above in the "outlook" section of this md&a, we are continuing to actively manage and optimize our capital allocation in a challenging macroeconomic environment due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, labor availability and supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, rising fuel prices, and geopolitical conflicts. we had $6.9 billion in cash at may 31, 2022 and have $3.5 billion in available liquidity under our $2.0 billion five-year credit agreement (the "five-year credit agreement) and $1.5 billion three-year credit agreement (the "three-year credit agreement" and together with the five-year credit agreement, the "credit agreements"), and we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations, and available financing sources will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs, which include operational requirements, expected capital expenditures, voluntary pension contributions, dividend payments, and stock repurchases.
our cash and cash equivalents balance at may 31, 2022 includes $2.9 billion of cash in foreign jurisdictions associated with our permanent reinvestment strategy. we are able to access the majority of this cash without a material tax cost and do not believe that the indefinite reinvestment of these funds impairs our ability to meet our u.s. domestic debt or working capital obligations.
our 2023 capital expenditures are expected to be consistent with 2022 at approximately $6.8 billion. we expect increased investment in replacement vehicles including our vehicle electrification initiative, information technology, and strategic investments aimed to optimize operations across our networks to be offset with lower aircraft fleet modernization spend. included within our expected 2023 capital expenditures are our continued investments in the fedex express indianapolis hub and fedex express memphis world hub, which are expected to total $1.5 billion each over the life of each project. our expected capital expenditures for 2023 also include $1.7 billion for delivery of aircraft and related equipment and progress payments toward future aircraft deliveries at fedex express. while we continue to invest in our business, the capital intensity relative to revenue is expected to remain below historical levels.
we have additional obligations as part of our ordinary course of business, beyond those committed for capital expenditures, which consist of debt obligations, lease obligations, and obligations and commitments for purchases of goods and services. refer to note 7, note 8, and note 18 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information. in addition, we have certain tax positions that are further discussed in note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. we do not have any guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
we have several aircraft modernization programs underway that are supported by the purchase of boeing 777 freighter and boeing 767-300 freighter aircraft. these aircraft are significantly more fuel-efficient per unit than the aircraft types previously utilized, and these expenditures are necessary to achieve significant long-term operating savings and to replace older aircraft. our ability to delay the timing of these aircraft-related expenditures is limited without incurring significant costs to modify existing purchase agreements.
we have a shelf registration statement filed with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") that allows us to sell, in one or more future offerings, any combination of our unsecured debt securities and common stock and allows pass-through trusts formed by fedex express to sell, in one or more future offerings, pass-through certificates.
the five-year credit agreement expires in march 2026 and includes a $250 million letter of credit sublimit. the three-year credit agreement expires in march 2025. the credit agreements are available to finance our operations and other cash flow needs. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of the terms and significant covenants of the credit agreements.
we made a voluntary contribution of $400 million to our tax qualified u.s. domestic pension plans ("u.s. pension plans") in june 2023 and anticipate making $400 million of additional voluntary contributions during the remainder of 2023. there are currently no anticipated required minimum contributions to our u.s. pension plans based on our funded status and the fact we have a credit balance related to our cumulative excess voluntary pension contributions over those required that exceeds $3.5 billion. the credit balance is subtracted from plan assets to determine the minimum funding requirements. therefore, we could eliminate all required contributions to our principal u.s. pension plans for several years if we were to choose to waive part of that credit balance in any given year. our u.s. pension plans have ample funds to meet expected benefit payments.
on june 14, 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.15 per share of common stock. the dividend was paid on july 11, 2022 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on june 27, 2022. each quarterly dividend payment is subject to review and approval by our board of directors, and we evaluate our dividend payment amount on an annual basis. there are no material restrictions on our ability to declare dividends, nor are there any material restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances.
standard & poor's has assigned us a senior unsecured debt credit rating of bbb, a certificates rating of aa-, a commercial paper rating of a-2, and a ratings outlook of "stable." moody's investors service has assigned us an unsecured debt credit rating of baa2, a certificates rating of aa3, a commercial paper rating of p-2, and a ratings outlook of "stable." if our credit ratings drop, our interest expense may increase. if our commercial paper ratings drop below current levels, we may have difficulty utilizing the commercial paper market. if our senior unsecured debt credit ratings drop below investment grade, our access to financing may become limited.
other business matters on june 24, 2019, fedex filed suit in u.s. district court in the district of columbia seeking to enjoin the u.s. department of commerce (the "doc") from enforcing prohibitions contained in the export administration regulations against fedex. on september 11, 2020, the court granted the doc's motion to dismiss the lawsuit. on november 5, 2020, we appealed this decision. on july 8, 2022, the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit affirmed the dismissal of the lawsuit.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires management to make significant judgments and estimates to develop amounts reflected and disclosed in the financial statements. in many cases, there are alternative policies or estimation techniques that could be used. we maintain a thorough process to review the application of our accounting policies and to evaluate the appropriateness of the many estimates that are required to prepare the financial statements of a complex, global corporation. however, even under optimal circumstances, estimates routinely require adjustment based on changing circumstances and new or better information.
the estimates discussed below include the financial statement elements that are either the most judgmental or involve the selection or application of alternative accounting policies and are material to our results of operations and financial condition. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit and finance committee of our board of directors and with our independent registered public accounting firm.
retirement plans the rules for pension accounting are complex and can produce volatility in our earnings, financial condition, and liquidity. our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans are measured using actuarial techniques that reflect management's assumptions for expected returns on assets ("eroa"), discount rate, and demographic experience such as salary increases, expected retirement, mortality, employee turnover, and future increases in healthcare costs. differences between these assumptions and actual experience are recognized in our earnings through mtm accounting. the components of the mtm adjustments for the period ended may 31 are as follows (presented as loss (gain) in millions):
our annual mtm adjustment is highly sensitive to the discount rate and eroa assumptions, which are as follows:
discount rate used to determine benefit                 4.25     %              3.23   %              3.09      %                 1.83   %                4.35   %                        2.81   %
benefit cost expected long-term rate of return on assets             6.50                    6.75                  2.39                        2.71                       -                               -
the following sensitivity analysis shows the impact of a 50-basis-point change in the eroa and discount rate assumptions for our largest pension plan and the resulting increase (decrease) in our projected benefit obligation ("pbo") as of may 31, 2022 and expense for the year ended may 31, 2022 (in millions):
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income taxes are a function of our income, tax planning opportunities available to us, statutory tax rates, and the income tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by us and the respective governmental taxing authorities. as a result, significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. also, our effective tax rate is significantly affected by the earnings generated in each jurisdiction, so unexpected fluctuations in the geographic mix of earnings could significantly impact our tax rate. our intercompany transactions are based on globally accepted transfer pricing principles, which align profits with the business operations and functions of the various legal entities in our international business.
we evaluate our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. these evaluations are based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax laws or their interpretations, audit activity, and changes in our business. in addition, management considers the advice of third parties in making conclusions regarding tax consequences.
tax contingencies arise from uncertainty in the application of tax rules throughout the many jurisdictions in which we operate. despite our belief that our tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, taxing authorities could challenge certain positions. we record tax benefits for uncertain tax positions based upon management's evaluation of the information available at the reporting date. to be recognized in the financial statements, a tax benefit must be at least more likely than not of being sustained based on the technical merits. the benefit for positions meeting the recognition threshold is measured as the largest benefit more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required in making these determinations and adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits may be necessary to reflect actual taxes payable upon settlement.
deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings, and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income rely heavily on estimates to make this determination, and as a result there is a risk that these estimates will have to be revised as new information is received. to the extent we do not consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is established. we believe we will generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the tax benefits related to the remaining net deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheets that are not subject to valuation allowances. we record the taxes for global intangible low-taxed income as a period cost.
our income tax positions are based on currently enacted tax laws. as further guidance is issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies, any resulting changes to our estimates will be treated in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance.
self-insurance accruals our self-insurance reserves are established for estimates of ultimate loss on all incurred claims, including incurred-but-not-reported claims. components of our self-insurance reserves included in this critical accounting estimate are workers' compensation claims, vehicle accidents, property and cargo loss, general business liabilities, and benefits paid under employee disability programs. these reserves are primarily based on the actuarially estimated cost of claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. these estimates include judgment about severity of claims, frequency and volume of claims, healthcare inflation, seasonality, and plan designs. the use of any estimation technique in this area is inherently sensitive given the magnitude of claims involved and the length of time until the ultimate cost is known, which may be several years.
we believe our recorded obligations for these expenses are consistently measured on a conservative basis. nevertheless, changes in accident frequency and severity, healthcare costs, insurance retention levels, and other factors can materially affect the estimates for these liabilities and affect our results of operations. self-insurance accruals reflected in our balance sheet for the period ended may 31 are as follows (in millions):
a five-percent reduction or improvement in the assumed claim severity used to estimate our self-insurance accruals would result in an increase or decrease of approximately $230 million in our reserves and expenses as of and for the year ended may 31, 2022.
long-lived assets useful lives and salvage values. our business is capital intensive, with approximately 55% of our owned assets invested in our transportation and information system infrastructures.
the depreciation or amortization of our capital assets over their estimated useful lives, and the determination of any salvage values, requires management to make judgments about future events. because we utilize many of our capital assets over relatively long periods (the majority of aircraft costs are depreciated over 15 to 30 years), we periodically evaluate whether adjustments to our estimated service lives or salvage values are necessary to ensure these estimates properly match the economic use of the asset. these evaluations consider usage, maintenance costs, and economic factors that affect the useful life of an asset. this evaluation may result in changes in the estimated lives and residual values used to depreciate our aircraft and other equipment.
for our aircraft, we consider actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types and future volume projections in estimating the useful lives and expected salvage values. we typically assign no residual value due to the utilization of our aircraft in cargo configuration, which results in little to no value at the end of their useful life. these estimates affect the amount of depreciation expense recognized in a period and, ultimately, the gain or loss on the disposal of the asset. changes in the estimated lives of assets will result in an increase or decrease in the amount of depreciation recognized in future periods and could have a material impact on our results of operations (as described below). historically, gains and losses on disposals of operating equipment have not been material. however, such amounts may differ materially in the future due to changes in business levels, technological obsolescence, accident frequency, regulatory changes, and other factors beyond our control.
impairment. as of may 31, 2022, the fedex express global air network included a fleet of 696 aircraft (including approximately 300 supplemental aircraft) that provide delivery of packages and freight to more than 220 countries and territories through a wide range of u.s. and international shipping services. while certain aircraft are utilized in primary geographic areas (u.s. versus international), we operate an integrated global network, and utilize our aircraft and other modes of transportation to achieve the lowest cost of delivery while maintaining our service commitments to our customers. because of the integrated nature of our global network, our aircraft are interchangeable across routes and geographies, giving us flexibility with our fleet planning to meet changing global economic conditions and maintain and modify aircraft as needed.
because of the lengthy lead times for aircraft manufacture and modifications, we must anticipate volume levels and plan our fleet requirements years in advance, and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. furthermore, the timing and availability of certain used aircraft types (particularly those with better fuel efficiency) may create limited opportunities to acquire these aircraft at favorable prices in advance of our capacity needs. these activities create risks that asset capacity may exceed demand. at may 31, 2022, we had two purchased aircraft that were not yet placed into service.
we evaluate our long-lived assets used in operations for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the undiscounted cash flows to be generated by that asset group are less than the carrying amounts of the asset group and may not be recoverable. if the cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, the asset must be adjusted to its current fair value. we operate integrated transportation networks, and accordingly, cash flows for most of our operating assets are assessed at a network level, not at an individual asset level for our analysis of impairment. further, decisions about capital investments are evaluated based on the impact to the overall network rather than the return on an individual asset. we make decisions to remove certain long-lived assets from service based on projections of reduced capacity needs or lower operating costs of newer aircraft types, and those decisions may result in an impairment charge. assets held for disposal must be adjusted to their estimated fair values less costs to sell when the decision is made to dispose of the asset and certain other criteria are met. the fair value determinations for such aircraft may require management estimates, as there may not be active markets for some of these aircraft. such estimates are subject to revision from period to period.
in the normal management of our aircraft fleet, we routinely idle aircraft and engines temporarily due to maintenance cycles and adjustments of our network capacity to match seasonality and overall customer demand levels. temporarily idled assets are classified as available-for-use, and we continue to record depreciation expense associated with these assets. these temporarily idled assets are assessed for impairment and remaining life on a quarterly basis. the criteria for determining whether an asset has been permanently removed from service (and, as a result, is potentially impaired) include, but are not limited to, our global economic outlook and the impact of our outlook on our current and projected volume levels, including capacity needs during our peak shipping seasons; the introduction of new fleet types or decisions to permanently retire an aircraft fleet from operations; and changes to planned service expansion activities. at may 31, 2022, we had eight aircraft temporarily idled. these aircraft have been idled for an average of 24 months and are expected to return to revenue service in order to meet expected demand.
leases. we utilize operating leases to finance certain of our aircraft, facilities, and equipment. such arrangements typically shift the risk of loss on the residual value of the assets at the end of the lease period to the lessor. in accordance with the new lease accounting standard adopted in 2020, we had approximately $17 billion in operating lease liabilities and related right-of-use assets on the balance sheet as of may 31, 2022. the weighted-average remaining lease term of all operating leases outstanding at may 31, 2022 was approximately 10 years.
our leases generally contain options to extend or terminate the lease. we reevaluate our leases on a regular basis to consider the economic and strategic incentives of exercising the renewal options, and how they align with our operating strategy. therefore, substantially all the renewal option periods are not included within the lease term and the associated payments are not included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability as the options to extend are not reasonably certain at lease commencement. short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recognized in the right-to-use asset and lease liability on the consolidated balance sheets.
the lease liabilities are measured at the lease commencement date and determined using the present value of the minimum lease payments not yet paid and our incremental borrowing rate, which approximates the rate at which we would borrow, on a collateralized basis, over the term of a lease in the applicable currency environment. the interest rate implicit in the lease is generally not determinable in transactions where we are the lessee.
the determination of whether a lease is accounted for as a finance lease or an operating lease requires management to make estimates primarily about the fair value of the asset and its estimated economic useful life. in addition, our evaluation includes ensuring we properly account for build-to-suit lease arrangements and making judgments about whether various forms of lessee involvement during the construction period allow the lessee to control the underlying leased asset during the construction period. we believe we have well-defined and controlled processes for making these evaluations, including obtaining third-party appraisals for material transactions to assist us in making these evaluations.
goodwill. we had $6.5 billion of recorded goodwill at may 31, 2022 and $7.0 billion of recorded goodwill at may 31, 2021 from our business acquisitions, representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. several factors give rise to goodwill in our acquisitions, such as the expected benefits from synergies of the combination and the existing workforce of the acquired business.
goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment. in our evaluation of goodwill impairment, we perform a qualitative assessment that requires management judgment and the use of estimates to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. an entity has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. an entity may resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. we performed both qualitative and quantitative assessments of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021. this included comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value (including attributable goodwill). fair value is estimated using standard valuation methodologies (principally the income or market approach classified as level 3 within the fair value hierarchy) incorporating market participant considerations and management's assumptions on revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates, and expected capital expenditures. estimates used by management can significantly affect the outcome of the impairment test. changes in forecasted operating results and other assumptions could materially affect these estimates.
as part of our qualitative assessment, we consider changes in the macroeconomic environment such as the general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, and other developments in equity and credit markets.
the market approach uses observable market data of comparable public companies to estimate fair value utilizing financial metrics such as operating value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. we apply judgment to select appropriate comparison companies based on the business operations, growth, size, and risk profile relative to our reporting units. changes to our selection of comparable companies may result in changes to the estimates of fair value of our reporting units.
our reporting units with significant recorded goodwill include fedex express, fedex ground, and fedex freight. we evaluated these reporting units during the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021 and the estimated fair value of each of these reporting units exceeded their carrying values as of the end of 2022 and 2021; therefore, we do not believe that any of these reporting units were impaired as of the balance sheet dates.
legal and other contingencies we are subject to various loss contingencies in connection with our operations. contingent liabilities are difficult to measure, as their measurement is subject to multiple factors that are not easily predicted or projected. further, additional complexity in measuring these liabilities arises due to the various jurisdictions in which these matters occur, which makes our ability to predict their outcome highly uncertain. moreover, different accounting rules must be employed to account for these items based on the nature of the contingency. accordingly, significant management judgment is required to assess these matters and to make determinations about the measurement of a liability, if any. certain pending loss contingencies are described in note 19 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. in the opinion of management, the aggregate liability, if any, of individual matters or groups of related matters not specifically described in note 19 is not expected to be material to our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. the following describes our methods and associated processes for evaluating these matters.
because of the complex environment in which we operate, we are subject to numerous legal proceedings and claims, including those relating to general commercial matters, governmental enforcement actions, employment-related claims, and fedex ground's service providers. accounting guidance for contingencies requires an accrual of estimated loss from a contingency, such as a non-income tax or other legal proceeding or claim, when it is probable (i.e., the future event or events are likely to occur) that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. this guidance also requires disclosure of a loss contingency matter when, in management's judgment, a material loss is reasonably possible or probable.
during the preparation of our financial statements, we evaluate our contingencies to determine whether it is probable, reasonably possible, or remote that a liability has been incurred. a loss is recognized for all contingencies deemed probable and estimable, regardless of amount. for unresolved contingencies with potentially material exposure that are deemed reasonably possible, we evaluate whether a potential loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated.
our evaluation of these matters is the result of a comprehensive process designed to ensure that accounting recognition of a loss or disclosure of these contingencies is made in a timely manner and involves our legal and accounting personnel, as well as external counsel where applicable. the process includes regular communications during each quarter and scheduled meetings shortly before the completion of our financial statements to evaluate any new legal proceedings and the status of existing matters.
the current status of each matter within the scope and context of the entire lawsuit or proceeding (e.g., the lengthy and complex nature of class-action matters);
any opportunities to dispose of a lawsuit on its merits before trial (i.e., motion to dismiss or for summary judgment);
the status of settlement, arbitration, or mediation proceedings; and
in reaching our conclusions with respect to accrual of a loss or loss contingency disclosure, we take a holistic view of each matter based on these factors and the information available prior to the issuance of our financial statements. uncertainty with respect to an individual factor or combination of these factors may impact our decisions related to accrual or disclosure of a loss contingency, including a conclusion that we are unable to establish an estimate of possible loss or a meaningful range of possible loss. we update our disclosures to reflect our most current understanding of the contingencies at the time we issue our financial statements. however, events may arise that were not anticipated and the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss to us that differs materially from our previously estimated liability or range of possible loss.
despite the inherent complexity in the accounting and disclosure of contingencies, we believe that our processes are robust and thorough and provide a consistent framework for management in evaluating the potential outcome of contingencies for proper accounting recognition and disclosure.