item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties. investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before deciding whether to purchase our securities.
investment risks can be market-wide as well as unique to a specific industry or company. the market risks faced by an investor in our securities are similar to the uncertainties faced by investors in a broad range of industries. there are some risks that apply more specifically to our business.
our revenue is concentrated with the u.s. government. this customer relationship involves some specific risks. in addition, our sales to non-u.s. customers expose us to different financial and legal risks. despite the varying nature of our government and commercial operations and the markets they serve, each segment shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems.
risks relating to our business and industry the u.s. government provides a significant portion of our revenue. in 2022, 70% of our consolidated revenue was from the u.s. government. levels of u.s. defense spending may be impacted by numerous factors, such as the domestic political environment, changes in national and international priorities, and threats to national security. competing demands for federal funds can pressure various areas of spending. decreases in u.s. government defense and other spending or changes in spending allocation or priorities could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated, which could impact our financial performance.
for additional information relating to u.s. budget matters, see the business environment section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7.
u.s. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception, and any funding is subject to disruption or delay. our u.s. government revenue is funded by agency budgets that operate on an october-to-september fiscal year. early each calendar year, the president of the united states presents to the congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal year. this budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the executive branch. for the remainder of the year, the appropriations and authorization committees of the congress review the president's budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. once these levels are enacted into law, the executive office of the president administers the funds to the agencies.
there are two primary risks associated with the u.s. government budget cycle. first, the annual process may be delayed or disrupted. if the annual budget is not approved by the beginning of the government fiscal year, portions of the u.s. government can shut down or operate under a continuing resolution that maintains spending at prior-year levels, which can impact funding for our programs and timing of new awards. second, the congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. future revenue under existing multi-year contracts is conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content.
government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer. u.s. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. if a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs incurred and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. the government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. if a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays only for the work it has accepted. many foreign contracts have similar termination rights by customers. the termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and earnings.
government contractors operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to audit by the u.s. government. numerous u.s. government agencies routinely audit and review government contractors. these agencies review a contractor's performance under its contracts and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. the u.s. government also reviews the adequacy of, and compliance with, internal control systems and policies, including the contractor's purchasing, property, estimating, material, earned value management and accounting systems. in some cases, audits may result in delayed payments or contractor costs not being reimbursed or subject to repayment. if an audit or investigation were to result in allegations against a contractor of improper or illegal activities, civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions could result, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the u.s. government. in addition, reputational harm could result if allegations of impropriety were made. in some cases, audits may result in disputes with the respective government agency that can result in negotiated settlements, arbitration or litigation. moreover, new laws, regulations or standards, or changes to existing ones, can increase our performance and compliance costs and reduce our revenue and earnings.
our aerospace segment is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft. the business jet market is driven by the demand for business-aviation products and services by corporate, individual and government customers in the united states and around the world. the aerospace segment's results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability and cost of credit, pricing pressures and trends in capital goods markets. in addition, if customers default on existing contracts and the contracts are not replaced, the segment's anticipated revenue and profitability could be reduced materially.
earnings and margin depend on our ability to perform on our contracts. when agreeing to contractual terms, our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions and events. the accounting for our contracts requires assumptions and estimates about these conditions and events. these projections and estimates assess, among other things:
•the productivity and availability of labor;
•the complexity of the work to be performed;
•the cost and availability of materials and components; and
if there is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances, estimates or assumptions, or if the risks under our contracts are not managed adequately, the profitability of contracts could be adversely affected. this could affect earnings and margin materially.
revenue, earnings and margin depend in part on supplier performance. we rely on other companies and our government customers to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. suppliers, including subcontractors, sometimes perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. we depend on these suppliers and government entities to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. misconduct by suppliers, such as a failure to comply with procurement regulations or engaging in unauthorized activities, may harm our future revenue, earnings and margin.
we sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply, and any disruption in our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments. for example, some of our operating segments rely on the supply of semiconductors for the manufacture of our products, and any inability of or delay by our suppliers to meet our order demands (including due to the suppliers' competing commercial priorities, any military conflict resulting in a disruption of manufacturing or trade relations, or any other business disruption) could delay or disrupt our ability to procure semiconductors. our ability to perform our obligations to our customers, and our future revenue, earnings and margin, may be materially adversely affected if (1) any one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities or (2) we are unable to otherwise obtain necessary materials, components, subsystems or services in a timely and cost-effective manner.
our success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. accordingly, our performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. many of our new products must meet extensive and time-consuming regulatory requirements that are often outside our control and may result in unanticipated delays. additionally, due to the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and retain the skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers and to develop and manufacture our products. to the extent that the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. if we were unable to develop new products that meet customers' changing needs and satisfy regulatory requirements in a timely manner or successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected.
risks relating to our international operations operations outside the united states are subject to various risks that may be associated with doing business in foreign countries. in some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political instability, and procurement procedures may be less robust or mature, which may complicate the contracting process. our non-u.s. operations may be sensitive to and impacted by (1) changes in a foreign government's national policies and priorities, political leadership and budgets, which may be influenced by changes in threat environments, geopolitical uncertainties, volatility in economic conditions and other economic and political factors including inflationary pressures; (2) changes in u.s., foreign, and international laws, regulations, and policies; (3) energy, natural resource and other commodity shortages; and (4) global trade disputes and supply chain disruptions. for example, the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine has resulted in the imposition of numerous economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other restrictions targeting russia and belarus, and the russian government has implemented counter-sanctions and export controls targeting the u.s. and various foreign countries in which we operate. these actions have caused some economic disruptions around the world and have exacerbated global supply chain challenges. changes and developments in any of these matters or factors may occur suddenly and could impact funding for programs or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments.
non-u.s. transactions can involve increased risks arising from foreign exchange rate variability, which could, among other things, negatively impact sales and the translation of our international revenue from local currencies into u.s. dollars, and differing legal systems. our non-u.s. operations are subject to u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to import-export controls, technology transfers, the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and other anti-corruption laws, and the international traffic in arms regulations (itar). an unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors or a failure to comply with u.s. or foreign laws could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, and could materially adversely affect revenue and earnings.
in addition, some non-u.s. government customers require contractors to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and other similar financial arrangements. we may also be required to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, that require us to satisfy investment or other commitments or face penalties. offset requirements may extend over several years and could require us to team with local companies to fulfill these commitments. if we do not satisfy these financial or offset requirements, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected.
risks relating to our acquisitions and similar investment activities we have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. when evaluating potential acquisitions and joint ventures, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the businesses involved; the performance of the underlying products, capabilities, or technologies; market conditions following the acquisition; and acquired liabilities, including some that may not have been identified prior to the acquisition. these factors could materially adversely affect our financial results.
changes in business conditions may cause goodwill and other intangible assets to become impaired. goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. goodwill is not amortized and remains on our balance sheet indefinitely unless there is an impairment or a sale of a portion of the business. we review goodwill for impairment annually at each of our reporting units or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50%. such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. we face some uncertainty in our business environment due to a variety of challenges, including the risk factors discussed in this section. we may experience unforeseen circumstances that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets. future write-offs of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of an impairment in the business could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
other business and operational risks our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions. we face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our it infrastructure and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. we also design and manage it systems and products for various customers. we generally face the same security threats for these systems and products as for our own internal systems. in addition, we face cyber threats from entities and persons that may seek to target us through our customers, suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business. many of these cybersecurity threats are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. accordingly, we maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and we review and update our policies, procedures and practices in light of evolving threats. we conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats, and we report cybersecurity events or losses of customer data to affected customers and applicable regulatory authorities. however, there can be no assurance that any such actions, including the timeliness of our efforts to review, update or implement policies, procedures and practices in light of evolving threats, or the safeguards put in place by our customers, suppliers and other parties on which we rely, will be sufficient to detect, prevent and mitigate cybersecurity breaches or disruptions, or the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption of data.
we have experienced cybersecurity events and disruptions such as viruses and attacks targeting our it systems. such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, future threats could have a materially adverse impact on our company by, among other things, causing harm to our business, results of operations or reputation; disrupting our operations; exposing us to potential liability, regulatory actions and loss of business; and challenging our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers. due to the evolving nature of these security threats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.
our business may continue to be negatively impacted by the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic and could be negatively impacted by other pandemics and outbreaks. the covid-19 pandemic has had, and could continue to have, a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. this includes disruptions or restrictions on our employees' ability to work effectively, temporary closures of our facilities and the facilities of our customers, and supply-chain disruptions. any such effects could materially adversely affect our ability to perform on our contracts. in addition, the u.s. government's federal contractor vaccine mandate, if enforced, could adversely affect our ability, and our subcontractors' ability, to hire and retain highly skilled employees to work on u.s. government programs. any cost increases that result from these effects may not be fully recoverable on our contracts or adequately covered by insurance.
in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries, which could result in a prolonged economic downturn that may negatively affect demand for our products and services. the imposition of quarantine and travel restrictions has negatively affected and, if reimposed, may continue to negatively affect portions of our business. the extent to which covid-19 continues to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments. such developments may include the geographic spread and duration of the virus, including the emergence of new variants, the severity of the disease, vaccination rates and the actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. other outbreaks of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate or our customers are located, could similarly adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in the future.
global climate change could negatively affect our business. increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in state, federal or international requirements to reduce or mitigate global warming, such as the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms, stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions, or other business restrictions or compliance requirements regarding reducing or mitigating global climate change. if environmental or climate-change laws or regulations are adopted or changed that directly or indirectly impose significant new costs, operational restrictions or compliance requirements on our business, products, customers or suppliers, they could increase our costs, require additional capital expenditures, reduce our margins and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
further, while we continuously evaluate the evolving landscape of environmental-related legislation and seek opportunities for continuous improvement of our existing climate-related measures, as well as new ways to minimize our impact on the planet, there can be no assurance that changes in customer demand patterns and competition driven by climate change, as well as potential climate-related reputational risks will not adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "plans," "believes," "forecasts," "scheduled," "outlook," "estimates," "should" and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. examples include projections of revenue, earnings, operating margin, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog. in making these statements, we rely on assumptions and analyses based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. we believe our estimates and judgments are reasonable based on information available to us at the time. forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, as amended. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. therefore, actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including the risk factors discussed in this form 10-k.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to general dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. we do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report. these factors may be revised or supplemented in future filings with the sec.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
for an overview of our operating segments, including a discussion of our major products and services, see the business discussion contained in item 1. the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2022 compared with 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in item 8, while a discussion of 2021 compared with 2020 can be found in item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
business environment global events the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic has caused significant disruptions to national and global economies and government activities since march 2020. during this time, we have continued to conduct our operations while responding to the pandemic with actions to mitigate adverse consequences to our employees, business, supply chain and customers.
in february 2022, russian forces invaded ukraine. in response, the united states and several other countries imposed economic and trade sanctions, export controls and other restrictions (collectively, global sanctions) targeting russia and belarus. the conflict and these sanctions have caused some disruptions to global economies and some global businesses, including heightened cybersecurity risks, increased energy costs and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, as well as exacerbated existing supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures.
in our aerospace segment, we continue to see strong order activity as we emerge from the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. however, this segment is the most impacted relatively by the global sanctions, particularly our aircraft services business in europe, which we have offset to date through additional services revenue in other regions. across the aerospace industry, the global sanctions impact sales to certain individuals and entities and exports of associated aircraft parts and related services.
within our defense segments, the covid-19 pandemic created some staffing and supply chain challenges, particularly in our marine systems (especially in the submarine supply chain) and technologies segments. the russia-ukraine conflict could continue to impact future u.s. government defense spending due to the heightened national security threat and the need to replenish stockpiles that have been reduced in support of ukraine. internationally, many countries in the region have expressed a renewed commitment to defense-related spending. as a result, we have seen signals of additional demand for our products and services.
any longer-term impact of these global events to our business is currently unknown due to the uncertainty around duration and their broader impact. for additional information, see the risk factors in part i, item 1a. the review of operating segments includes information on these global events for the affected segments.
our markets with approximately 70% of our revenue from the u.s. government, government spending levels - particularly defense spending - influence our financial performance. on december 29, 2022, the fiscal year (fy) 2023 defense appropriations bill was signed into law. it totaled approximately $798 billion, representing an increase of approximately 10% over the enacted fy 2022 spending level.
the long-term outlook for our u.s. defense business is influenced by the u.s. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution.
international demand for military equipment and technologies presents opportunities for our non-u.s. operations and exports from our north american businesses. while the revenue potential can be significant, there are risks to doing business in foreign countries, including changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country.
in the aerospace segment, we record revenue on contracts for new aircraft when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully outfitted aircraft. revenue associated with the segment's services businesses is recognized as work progresses or upon delivery of services. fluctuations in revenue from period to period result from the number and mix of new aircraft deliveries, and the level and type of aircraft services performed during the period.
the majority of the aerospace segment's operating costs relates to new aircraft production on firm orders and consists of labor, material, subcontractor and overhead costs. the costs are accumulated in production lots, recorded in inventory and recognized as operating costs at aircraft delivery based on the estimated average unit cost in a production lot. while changes in the estimated average unit cost for a production lot impact the level of operating costs, the amount of operating costs reported in a given period is based largely on the number and type of aircraft delivered. operating costs in the aerospace segment's services businesses are recognized generally as incurred.
for new aircraft, operating earnings and margin are a function of the prices of our aircraft, our operational efficiency in manufacturing and outfitting the aircraft, and the mix of ultra-large-cabin, large-cabin and mid-cabin aircraft deliveries. aircraft mix can also refer to the stage of program maturity for our aircraft models. a new aircraft model typically has lower margins in its initial production lots, and then margins generally increase as we realize efficiencies in the production process. additional factors affecting the segment's earnings and margin include the volume, mix and profitability of services work performed, the market for pre-owned aircraft, and the level of general and administrative (g&a) and net research and development (r&d) costs incurred by the segment.
in the defense segments, revenue on long-term government contracts is recognized generally over time as the work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, g&a expenses. variances in costs recognized from period to period reflect primarily increases and decreases in production or activity levels on individual contracts. because costs are used as a measure of progress, year-over-year variances in costs result in corresponding variances in revenue, which we generally refer to as volume.
operating earnings and margin in the defense segments are driven by changes in volume, performance or contract mix. performance refers to changes in profitability based on adjustments to estimates at completion on individual contracts. these adjustments result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete the contract or both. therefore, changes in costs incurred in the period compared with prior periods do not necessarily impact profitability. it is only when total estimated costs at completion on a given contract change without a corresponding change in the contract value (or vice versa) that the profitability of that contract may be impacted. contract mix refers to changes in the volume of higher- versus lower-margin work. higher or lower margins can result from a number of factors, including contract type (e.g., fixed-price/cost-reimbursable) and type of work (e.g., development/production). contract mix can also refer to the stage of program maturity for our long-term production contracts. new long-term production contracts typically have lower margins initially, and then margins generally increase as we achieve learning curve improvements or realize other cost reductions.
◦operating earnings of $4.2 billion with sequential growth throughout the year
◦record-high cash provided by operating activities of $4.6 billion, or 135% of net earnings
•record-high backlog of $91.1 billion increased $3.5 billion, or 4%, from 2021, driven by significant order activity during the year supporting our long-term growth expectations:
◦outstanding gulfstream aircraft order activity, including orders across all aircraft models
our consolidated revenue increased in 2022 from growth in u.s. navy ship construction in our marine systems segment and aircraft services activity in our aerospace segment. operating earnings increased in 2022 due primarily to strong operating performance in our aerospace segment, while we managed through the impacts of supply chain challenges and inflationary pressure across the business.
review of operating segments following is a discussion of operating results and outlook for each of our operating segments. for the aerospace segment, results are analyzed by specific types of products and services, consistent with how the segment is managed. for the defense segments, the discussion is based on markets and the lines of products and services offered with a supplemental discussion of specific contracts and programs when significant to the results. additional information regarding our segments can be found in note o to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units)             120                      119                         1            0.8   %
revenue was up in our aerospace segment driven by an increase in demand for aircraft services, particularly maintenance work, and increased activity at our fixed-base operator (fbo) facilities due to growing global air travel.
aircraft manufacturing operating earnings were up in 2022 due to a favorable mix of aircraft deliveries and ongoing improvements in manufacturing efficiency. earnings in 2022 were somewhat impacted by customer accommodations associated with a g500/g600 airworthiness directive while 2021 earnings included mark-to-market adjustments related to aircraft that were in the g500 test program. in 2022, operating earnings from aircraft services were up due to higher volume and favorable cost performance. these increases were offset partially by higher g&a/other expenses due primarily to increased r&d expenses associated with ongoing product development efforts. in total, the aerospace segment's operating margin increased 50 basis points in 2022 to 13.2%.
international military vehicles        $(318)
u.s. military vehicles                 282
weapons systems and munitions          (7)
revenue from international military vehicles was down in 2022, but this decrease was offset largely by increased revenue from u.s. stryker wheeled combat vehicles, particularly the maneuver short-range air defense (m-shorad) variant.
the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro and british pound has negatively impacted the combat systems segment's results in 2022, specifically the translation of our international revenue from local currencies into u.s. dollars. had foreign exchange rates in 2022 held constant from 2021, the combat systems segment's revenue would have increased 2.1% in 2022 compared to 2021.
the combat systems segment's operating margin increased 20 basis points compared with 2021 driven by favorable contract mix and strong operating performance.
2023 outlook we expect the combat systems segment's 2023 revenue to be approximately $7.3 billion with operating margin of approximately 14.7%.
it services                $126
*command, control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance the group's revenue was up despite continued delays in customer order activity as revenue from it services increased on several programs, particularly with the group's federal civilian customers. this increase was offset partially by decreased revenue from c5isr solutions due to supply chain disruptions. the technologies segment's operating margin decreased 40 basis points compared with 2021 due primarily to the mix of service activity and product volume.
2023 outlook we expect the technologies segment's 2023 revenue to be between $12.5 and $12.6 billion with operating margin of around 9.5% driven by a shift in the mix of it service activity and hardware volume.
corporate corporate operating costs totaled $118 in 2022 and $84 in 2021 and consisted primarily of equity-based compensation expense. the increase was due primarily to accelerated recognition of equity-based compensation expense. corporate operating costs are expected to be approximately $140 in 2023.
aircraft services revenue increased due to additional maintenance work and fbo activity. in 2022, the primary driver of the increase in service operating costs was the change in volume described above.
g&a expenses as a percentage of revenue, g&a expenses were 6.1% in 2022 and 5.8% in 2021, reflecting an increase in equity-based compensation expense. we expect g&a expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2023 to be generally consistent with 2022.
other, net net other income was $189 in 2022 and $134 in 2021 and represents primarily the non-service components of pension and other post-retirement benefits. in 2023, we expect net other income to decrease to approximately $80 due to lower pension income. the decrease in pension income is driven primarily by higher interest rates and a change in investment mix in one of our plans due to its improved funded status.
interest, net net interest expense was $364 in 2022 and $424 in 2021, reflecting repayment of our scheduled debt maturities in 2021. see note k to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including interest rates. we expect 2023 net interest expense to be consistent with 2022.
provision for income tax, net our effective tax rate was 16% in 2022 and 15.9% in 2021. for further discussion, including a reconciliation of our effective tax rate from the statutory federal rate, see note d to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for 2023, we anticipate a slightly higher full-year effective tax rate of approximately 17% due to higher taxes on foreign earnings.
in august 2022, the president signed into law the inflation reduction act of 2022, which contained provisions effective january 1, 2023, including a 15% corporate minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks, both of which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
backlog and estimated potential contract value our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $91.1 billion on december 31, 2022, up 4% from $87.6 billion at the end of 2021. our total backlog is equal to our remaining performance obligations under contracts with customers as discussed in note b to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. our total estimated contract value, which combines total backlog with estimated potential contract value, was $127.7 billion on december 31, 2022.
for additional information about our major products and services in backlog see the business discussion contained in item 1.
aerospace aerospace funded backlog represents primarily new aircraft orders for which we have definitive purchase contracts and deposits from customers. unfunded backlog consists of agreements to provide future aircraft maintenance and support services. the aerospace segment ended 2022 with backlog of $19.5 billion, up 19.8% from $16.3 billion at year-end 2021.
beyond total backlog, estimated potential contract value represents primarily options and other agreements with existing customers to purchase new aircraft and long-term aircraft services agreements. on december 31, 2022, estimated potential contract value in the aerospace segment was $685.
the following represents gulfstream aircraft (in units) in backlog by region on december 31, 2022:
defense segments the total backlog in our defense segments represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. the funded portion of total backlog includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by the u.s. congress and funded by customers, as well as commitments by international customers that are approved and funded similarly by their governments. the unfunded portion of total backlog includes the amounts we believe are likely to be funded, but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide the same funding level currently anticipated for a given program.
estimated potential contract value in our defense segments includes unexercised options associated with existing firm contracts and unfunded work on indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (idiq) contracts. contract options represent agreements to perform additional work under existing contracts at the election of the customer. we recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. for idiq contracts, we evaluate the amount of funding we expect to receive and include this amount in our estimated potential contract value. this amount is often less than the total idiq contract value, particularly when the contract has multiple awardees. the actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value.
total backlog in our defense segments was $71.6 billion on december 31, 2022, compared with $71.3 billion at year-end 2021. in 2022, the total book-to-bill ratio in our defense segments was 1-to-1. estimated potential contract value in our defense segments was $35.9 billion on december 31, 2022, compared with $38.2 billion at year-end 2021.
marine systems the marine systems segment's backlog consists of very long-term submarine and surface ship construction programs, as well as numerous engineering and repair contracts. the segment's book-to-bill ratio was 1.1-to-1 in 2022, resulting in backlog growth of 1.9% from year-end 2021 to $45.7 billion. the segment's estimated potential contract value was $3.7 billion on december 31, 2022, compared with $4.3 billion at year-end 2021.
•$5.4 billion from the navy for the columbia-class submarine program for advance procurement and advance construction of critical components and material to support follow-on submarines, efforts to support continuous missile tube production, enhancements to develop the submarine industrial base, and sustained class maintenance and support. the awards also include options totaling $585 of additional potential contract value.
•$2 billion from the navy for long-lead materials and construction of an additional expeditionary sea base (esb) auxiliary support ship and two additional t-ao-205 oilers. the awards also include a $715 option for an additional t-ao-205 oiler.
•$580 from the navy for lead yard services, development studies and design efforts for virginia-class submarines. the awards also include options totaling $320 of additional potential contract value.
combat systems the combat systems segment's backlog consists of a mix of u.s. and international combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions programs. the vehicle programs are generally long-term franchise programs, while the weapons systems and munitions programs tend to be shorter-term in nature. the segment's backlog was up from year-end 2021 to $13.3 billion. the segment's estimated potential contract value was $5.4 billion on december 31, 2022, compared with $6.9 billion at year-end 2021.
•$1 billion for various munitions and ordnance with additional option value of $465.
•$410 from the u.s. army to begin low-rate initial production (lrip) of the mobile protected firepower (mpf) vehicle. the contract has a maximum potential value of $1.1 billion.
•$230 to produce piranha armored combat vehicles for switzerland.
technologies the technologies segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of u.s. and non-u.s. government and commercial customers. these contracts can be shorter-cycle or span multiple years, but commonly include a small, initially funded order. therefore, our estimated potential contract value of $26.9 billion is an important indicator of future orders and revenue. in 2022, approximately 75% of the segment's orders were from additional work on idiq contracts or the exercise of options. the segment's total estimated contract value remained steady compared with year-end 2021.
•an idiq contract from the national geospatial-intelligence agency (nga) to provide hybrid cloud services and it design, engineering, and operations and sustainment services. the contract has a maximum potential value of $4.5 billion over 10 years.
•an idiq contract to provide it infrastructure and modernization support services for the u.s. air forces in europe under the europe-wide information technology and enterprise network (eiten) program. the contract has a maximum potential value of $910.
•$80 from the u.s. environmental protection agency for managed application, information, networking, enterprise and security services. the contract has a maximum potential value of $660.
•an idiq contract from the army to develop and field adversarial electronic warfare threat systems and capabilities in support of the army's test and training communities. the contract has a maximum potential value of $580.
•$160 from the u.s. space development agency to build and operate ground systems for the new low-earth orbit (leo) satellite network. the contract has a maximum potential value of $325.
•an idiq contract for the development and sustainment of applications and websites for the administrative office of the united states courts (aousc). the contract has a maximum potential value of $300.
liquidity and capital resources we place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation, which is underpinned by an operating discipline focused on cost control and working capital management. this emphasis gives us the flexibility for prudent capital deployment, while allowing us to step down debt over time, and preserves a strong balance sheet for future opportunities.
we evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook, and we believe agility is a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, a predictable dividend, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchases.
we believe cash generated by operating activities, supplemented by commercial paper issuances, is sufficient to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs. an additional potential source of capital is the issuance of long-term debt in capital market transactions.
we ended 2022 with a cash and equivalents balance of $1.2 billion compared with $1.6 billion at the end of 2021. the following is a discussion of our major operating, investing and financing activities in 2022 and 2021, as classified on the consolidated statement of cash flows in item 8:
net cash provided by operating activities          $4,579                   $4,271
net cash used by investing activities             (1,489)                    (882)
net cash used by financing activities             (3,471)                  (4,590)
operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $4.6 billion in 2022 compared with $4.3 billion in 2021. the primary driver of cash inflows in both years was net earnings. cash flows in both years were affected positively by an increase in customer deposits driven by gulfstream aircraft orders. while cash flows in 2021 were affected positively by a reduction in inventory from the sale of g500 flight-test aircraft in our aerospace segment, cash flows in 2022 were affected negatively by growth in inventory related to new aircraft models awaiting certification from the u.s. federal aviation administration (faa).
investing activities cash used by investing activities was $1.5 billion in 2022 and $882 in 2021. our investing activities include cash paid for capital expenditures and business acquisitions; purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities; and proceeds from asset sales.
capital expenditures. the primary use of cash for investing activities in both years was capital expenditures. capital expenditures were $1.1 billion in 2022 and $887 in 2021. capital expenditures have been at an elevated level the past two years as we continue to invest in our shipyards, particularly for the planned growth in submarine construction. other capital expenditures include equipment and facility enhancements to support new and existing programs across our businesses. we expect capital expenditures to be just below 2.5% of revenue in 2023.
business acquisitions. in 2022, we acquired a provider of mission-critical embedded computing solutions for u.s. navy platforms in our technologies segment.
financing activities cash used by financing activities was $3.5 billion in 2022 and $4.6 billion in 2021. financing activities include the use of cash for repurchases of common stock, payment of dividends, and debt and commercial paper repayments. our financing activities also include proceeds received from debt and commercial paper issuances and employee stock option exercises.
debt issuances and repayments. in november 2022, we repaid fixed-rate notes of $1 billion at the scheduled maturity using cash on hand. fixed-rate notes of $750 and $500 mature in may 2023 and august 2023, respectively. we currently plan to repay these notes at maturity using cash on hand, potentially supplemented by commercial paper or other borrowings. for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including scheduled debt maturities and interest rates, see note k to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
on december 31, 2022, we had no commercial paper outstanding, but we maintain the ability to access the commercial paper market in the future. separately, we have a $4 billion committed bank credit facility for general corporate purposes and working capital needs and to support our commercial paper issuances. we also have an effective shelf registration on file with the securities and exchange commission (sec) that allows us to access the debt markets.
non-gaap financial measures we emphasize the efficient conversion of net earnings into cash and the deployment of that cash to maximize shareholder returns. as described below, we use free cash flow and return on invested capital (roic) to measure our performance in these areas. while we believe these metrics provide useful information, they are not defined operating measures under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), and there are limitations associated with their use. our calculation of these metrics may not be completely comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the method of calculation. as a result, the use of these metrics should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, gaap measures.
free cash flow. we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. we believe free cash flow is a useful measure for investors because it portrays our ability to generate cash from our businesses for purposes such as repaying debt, funding business acquisitions, repurchasing our common stock and paying dividends. we use free cash flow to assess the quality of our earnings and as a key performance measure in evaluating management. the following table reconciles the free cash flow with net cash provided by operating activities, as classified on the consolidated statement of cash flows in item 8:
net cash provided by operating activities             $4,579                   $4,271                   $3,858
capital expenditures                                 (1,114)                    (887)                    (967)
net cash provided by operating activities                135   %                  131   %                  122   %
return on invested capital. we believe roic is a useful measure for investors because it reflects our ability to generate returns from the capital we have deployed in our operations. we use roic to evaluate investment decisions and as a performance measure in evaluating management. we define roic as net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. net operating profit after taxes is defined as net earnings plus after-tax interest and amortization expense, calculated using the statutory federal income tax rate. average invested capital is defined as the sum of the average debt and average shareholders' equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss. average debt and average shareholders' equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss are calculated using the respective balances at the end of the preceding year and the respective balances at the end of each of the four quarters of the year presented. roic excludes goodwill impairments and non-economic accounting changes as they are not reflective of company performance.
net operating profit after taxes          $3,934                   $3,851                   $3,833
average invested capital                 $31,260                  $32,270                  $32,431
return on invested capital                  12.6   %                 11.9   %                 11.8   %
the majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. we similarly enter into long-term agreements with suppliers and subcontractors for goods and services in support of these contracts and programs with payment terms that are generally aligned with the payment terms from our customers. in some instances, we require advance payments or deposits from our customers, which help fund our purchase commitments and reduce the risk of customer performance.
additionally, we have significant liabilities under our defined benefit retirement plans. as these liabilities are settled using plan assets, our future cash requirements associated with these liabilities are generally limited to the annual cash contributions to these plans required in accordance with internal revenue service (irs) regulations. see note s to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
other obligations, such as scheduled principal and interest payments on our fixed-rate notes, and scheduled payments in accordance with our lease agreements are expected to be satisfied using cash generated from operations. see notes j and k to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
additional financial information application of critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we employ judgment in making our estimates, but they are based on historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates. we believe our judgment is applied consistently and produces financial information that fairly depicts our results of operations for all periods presented.
in our opinion, the following policies are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application:
revenue. a performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account for revenue. a contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation within that contract and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses or at a point in time.
substantially all of our revenue in the defense segments is recognized over time because control is transferred continuously to our customers. typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, g&a expenses.
most of our revenue recognized at a point in time is for the manufacture of business jet aircraft in our aerospace segment. revenue on these contracts is recognized when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully outfitted aircraft.
the majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. for long-term contracts, we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract.
contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that often span several years. these assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer.
the nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims, award fees and incentive fees. we include in our contract estimates additional revenue for contract modifications or claims against the customer when we believe we have an enforceable right to the modification or claim, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable. in evaluating these criteria, we consider the contractual/legal basis for the claim, the cause of any additional costs incurred, the reasonableness of those costs and the objective evidence available to support the claim. we include award fees or incentive fees in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. these estimates are based on historical award experience, anticipated performance and our best judgment at the time.
as a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review and update our contract-related estimates regularly. we recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method. under this method, the impact of the adjustment on profit recorded to date on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate. the aggregate impact of adjustments in contract estimates increased our operating earnings (and diluted earnings per share) by $370 ($1.05) in 2022 and $377 ($1.06) in 2021. while no adjustment on any one contract was material to the consolidated financial statements in 2022 or 2021, our marine systems segment's 2022 results were affected negatively by supply chain impacts to the virginia-class submarine schedule, offset partially by improved performance on auxiliary and support ships.
consistent with industry practice, we classify assets and liabilities related to long-term contracts as current, even though some of these amounts may not be realized within one year. the timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (contract assets), and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on the consolidated balance sheet. these assets and liabilities are reported on the consolidated balance sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.
long-lived assets and goodwill. we review long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. we assess the recoverability of the carrying value of assets held for use based on a review of undiscounted projected cash flows. impairment losses, where identified, are measured as the excess of the carrying value of the long-lived assets over the estimated fair value as determined by discounted cash flows.
goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. we review goodwill for impairment annually at each of our reporting units or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50%. such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. our reporting units are consistent with our operating segments in note o to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. we use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. when determining the approach to be used, we consider the current facts and circumstances of each reporting unit as well as the excess of each reporting unit's estimated fair value over its carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessments. our qualitative approach evaluates the business environment and various events impacting the reporting unit including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, changes in the business environment and reporting unit-specific events. if, based on the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is not necessary. however, if a quantitative assessment is determined to be necessary, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value and, if necessary, recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value.
our estimate of fair value is based primarily on the discounted cash flows of the underlying operations and requires the use of judgment by management. the process requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, our success in securing future business, the appropriate risk-adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows, and terminal-value growth rates applied to the final year of projected cash flows. due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. to assess the reasonableness of our discounted cash flows, we compare the sum of our reporting units' fair value to our market capitalization. additionally, we evaluate the reasonableness of each reporting unit's fair value by comparing the fair value to peer companies and recent relevant market transactions.
in the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed qualitative assessments for our aerospace, marine systems and combat systems reporting units as the estimated fair values of each of the reporting units significantly exceeded the respective carrying values based on our most recent quantitative assessments, which were performed in the fourth quarter of 2018. our qualitative assessments did not present indicators of impairment for the reporting units.
in the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed a quantitative assessment for our technologies reporting unit, and the results indicated that no impairment existed. the technologies reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 25%. the fair value of the technologies reporting unit decreased since our previous quantitative assessment, performed in the fourth quarter of 2020, driven by the negative impact of increased interest rates on our discounted projected cash flows. as a result, a material decrease in the fair value or increase in carrying value would put the reporting unit at risk of goodwill impairment. for example, a 50-basis-point increase in interest rates would lower our discounted projected cash flows and negatively impact the fair value of the technologies reporting unit, reducing the cushion to approximately 15%. we believe the projections and assumptions we used in estimating fair value are reasonable, but it is possible actual experience could differ.
commitments and contingencies. we are subject to litigation and other legal proceedings arising either from the normal course of business or under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires the use of judgment. we record a charge against earnings when a liability associated with claims or pending or threatened litigation is probable and when our exposure is reasonably estimable. the ultimate resolution of our exposure related to these matters may change as further facts and circumstances become known.
retirement plans. our pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on several assumptions and estimates, which are based on our best judgment, including consideration of current and future market conditions. for a discussion of our assumptions and any changes to these assumptions, as well as the impact of these changes, which is reported as an actuarial gain or loss in the reconciliation of the change in the benefit obligation, see note s to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. the key assumption is the interest rates used to discount estimated future pension benefits. we base the discount rates on a current yield curve developed from a portfolio of high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities consistent with the projected benefit payout period. the effect of a 25-basis-point increase or decrease in the discount rate assumption on the december 31, 2022, pension benefit obligation is ($319) and $334, respectively.
as described in note s to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, our contractual arrangements with the u.s. government provide for the recovery of benefit costs for our government retirement plans. we have elected to defer recognition of the benefit costs until such costs can be allocated to contracts. therefore, the impact of annual changes in financial reporting assumptions on the retirement benefit cost for these plans does not immediately affect our operating results.
guarantor financial information the outstanding notes described in note k to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, issued by general dynamics corporation (the parent), are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured, joint and several basis by several of the parent's 100%-owned subsidiaries (the guarantors). the guarantee of each guarantor ranks equally in right of payment with all other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of such guarantor. a listing of the guarantors is included in an exhibit to this form 10-k.
because the parent is a holding company, its cash flow and ability to service its debt, including the outstanding notes, depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to distribute cash to the parent, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. holders of the outstanding notes have a direct claim only against the parent and the guarantors.
under the relevant indenture, the guarantee of each guarantor is limited to the maximum amount that can be guaranteed without rendering the guarantee voidable under applicable laws relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. each indenture also provides that, in the event (1) of a merger, consolidation or sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor (other than a transaction with the parent or any of its subsidiaries) or (2) there occurs a transfer, sale or other disposition of the voting stock of a guarantor so that the guarantor is no longer a subsidiary of the parent, then the guarantor or the entity acquiring the assets (in the event of the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor) will be released and relieved of any obligations under the guarantee.
other current liabilities                                           3,392                   3,190
other noncurrent liabilities                                        3,814                   3,844
total liabilities                                                 $17,645                 $18,457