item 1a.       risk factors.
we have described many of the trends and other factors that we believe could impact our business and future results in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this report. in addition, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results.
macroeconomic, industry and governmental risks we depend on u.s. government customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and a reduction in u.s. government funding or a change in u.s. government spending priorities could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
we are highly dependent on sales to u.s. government customers, primarily defense-related programs with the dod and a broad range of programs with the u.s. intelligence community and other u.s. government departments and agencies. the percentage of our revenue derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, both directly and through prime contractors, was 74% in fiscal 2022. therefore, a reduction in u.s. government funding or a change in u.s. government spending priorities (in particular, related to the dod) would significantly reduce our revenue and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
we operate in highly competitive markets, and the u.s. government may choose to use contractors other than us, for example as part of competitive bidding processes (through which we expect that a majority of the business we seek will be awarded), or otherwise due to our competitors' ongoing efforts to expand their business relationships with the u.s. government. the u.s. government has increasingly relied on certain types of contracts that are subject to multiple competitive bidding processes, including multi-vendor idiq, gwac, general services administration schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do and may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. we may not be able to continue to win competitively awarded contracts or to obtain task orders under multi-award contracts. further, competitive bidding processes involve significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split with competitors and the risk that we may fail to accurately estimate the resources and costs required to fulfill any contract awarded to us. the current competitive bidding environment has resulted in an increase of bid protests from unsuccessful bidders, which typically extends the time until work on a contract can begin and may result in us experiencing significant expense or delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result of our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to us.
our u.s. government programs must compete with programs managed by other government contractors and with other policy imperatives for consideration for limited resources and for uncertain levels of funding during the budget and appropriations process. budget and appropriations decisions made by the u.s. government are outside of our control and have long-term consequences for our business. u.s. government spending priorities and levels remain uncertain and difficult to predict and are affected by numerous factors, including sequestration (automatic, across-the-board u.s. government budgetary spending cuts) and potential alternative funding arrangements. a change in u.s. government spending priorities or an increase in non-procurement spending at the expense of our programs, or a reduction in total u.s. government spending on an absolute or inflation-adjusted basis, could have material adverse consequences on our current or future business. for example, in fiscal 2022, there was a decline in
demand for fuzing and ordnance systems aligned with dod budget priorities, which was the driver for charges for impairment of goodwill in our ims segment. any inability of the u.s. government to complete its budget process for any u.s. government fiscal year ("gfy"), and consequently having to operate on funding levels equivalent to its prior fiscal year pursuant to a "continuing resolution" or shut down, also could have material adverse consequences on our current or future business. for more information see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - key developments - u.s. and international budget environment" of this report.
we generate revenue through various fixed-price, cost-plus and time-and-material contracts. for a general description of our u.s. government contracts and subcontracts, including a discussion of revenue generated thereunder and of cost-reimbursable versus fixed-price contracts, see "item 1. business - principal customers; government contracts" of this report. for a description of our revenue recognition policies, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations - critical accounting estimates - revenue recognition" of this report.
in fiscal 2022, 73% of our revenue was derived from fixed-price contracts which allow us to benefit from cost savings, but subject us to the risk of potential cost overruns, including due to greater than anticipated or a sustained period of increased inflation or unexpected delays, particularly for firm fixed-price contracts because we assume all of the cost burden. if our initial estimates are incorrect, we can lose money (or make more or less money than estimated) on these contracts. u.s. government contracts can expose us to potentially large losses because the u.s. government can hold us responsible for completing a project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of its replacement by another provider regardless of the size or foreseeability of any cost overruns that occur over the life of the contract. because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of materials, a significant increase in or a sustained period of increased inflation, problems with our suppliers, labor market conditions and cost overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time (which, especially in the case of sharp and significant sustained inflation, could happen quickly and have long lasting impact), and increased interest rates resulting from inflationary pressures can also impact the fair value of these contracts. furthermore, if we do not meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. in addition, some of our contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts, we may not realize their full benefits. cost overruns would adversely impact our results of operations, which are dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts, and the potential risk would be greater if our contracts shifted toward a greater percentage of fixed-price contracts, particularly firm fixed-price contracts.
in fiscal 2022, 27% of our revenue was derived from cost-plus and time-and-material contracts, substantially all of which are with u.s. government customers. for a cost-plus contract, we are paid our allowable incurred costs plus a profit, which can be fixed or variable depending on the contract's fee arrangement up to predetermined funding levels established by our customers. for a time-and-material contract, we are paid on the basis of direct labor hours expended at specified fixed-price hourly rates (which include wages, overhead, allowable general and administrative expenses and profit) and materials at cost. therefore, on cost-plus and time-and-material type contracts, we do not bear the risks of unexpected cost overruns, provided that we do not incur costs that exceed the predetermined funded amounts.
to the extent feasible, we have consistently followed the practice of adjusting our prices to reflect the impact of inflation on salaries and fringe benefits for employees and the cost of purchased materials and services. however, our fixed-price contracts could subject us to losses in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in or a sustained period of increased inflation.
any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
we depend significantly on u.s. government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate termination and heavily regulated and audited. the termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
a u.s. government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and subcontracts over its lifetime, and its funding is subject to congressional appropriations, which have been affected by larger u.s. government budgetary issues and related legislation in recent years. although multi-year contracts may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, congress generally appropriates funds on a gfy basis. procurement funds are typically made available for obligation over the course of one to three years. consequently, programs often initially receive only partial funding, and additional funds are obligated only as congress authorizes further appropriations. we cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations process ultimately approved by congress and the president or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. the termination of funding for a u.s. government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our operations. in addition, the termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business.
u.s. government contracts also generally are subject to u.s. government oversight audits, which could result in adjustments to our contract costs. any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. we have recorded contract revenue based on costs we expect to realize upon final audit. however, we do not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments, and we may be required to materially reduce our revenue or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. negative audit findings could also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines or suspension or debarment from u.s. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time.
in addition, u.s. government contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without prior notice at the u.s. government's convenience upon payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. for some contracts, we are a subcontractor and not the prime contractor, and in those arrangements, the u.s. government could terminate the prime contractor for convenience without regard for our performance as a subcontractor. we may be unable to procure new contracts to offset revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our u.s. government contracts. because a significant portion of our revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under our u.s. government contracts, the loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
our u.s. government business also is subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of socioeconomic and other requirements that, although customary in u.s. government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. these costs might increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. in addition, the u.s. government has and may continue to implement initiatives focused on efficiencies, affordability and cost growth and other changes to its procurement practices. these initiatives and changes to procurement practices may change the way u.s. government contracts are solicited, negotiated and managed, which may affect whether and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the u.s. government, including the terms and conditions under which we do so, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. for example, contracts awarded under the dod's other transaction authority for research and prototypes generally require cost-sharing and may not follow, or may follow only in part, standard u.s. government contracting practices and terms, such as the federal acquisition regulation ("far") and u.s. government cost accounting standards ("cas").
failure to comply with applicable regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments or compensatory or treble damages, or suspension or debarment from u.s. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws and regulations, including those related to procurement integrity, export control (including itar), u.s. government security, employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption. the termination of a u.s. government contract or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on our operations and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future u.s. government contracts.
the u.s. government's budget deficit and the national debt, as well as a breach of the debt ceiling, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the u.s. government. the u.s. government's budget deficit and the national debt could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity in a number of ways, including the following:
•the u.s. government could reduce or delay its spending on, or reprioritize its spending away from, the government programs in which we participate;
•u.s. government spending could be impacted by alternate arrangements to sequestration, which increases the uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in predicting, u.s. government spending priorities and levels; and
•we may experience declines in revenue, profitability and cash flows as a result of reduced or delayed orders or payments or other factors caused by economic difficulties of our customers and prospective customers, including u.s. federal, state and local governments.
furthermore, in 2023, congress will again have to contend with the legal limit on u.s. debt, commonly known as the debt ceiling. the current statutory limit was reached in january 2023, requiring "extraordinary measures" to continue normally financing u.s. government obligations while avoiding breaching the debt ceiling. however, it is expected the u.s. government will exhaust these measures by june 2023. if the debt ceiling is not raised, the u.s. government may not be able to fulfill its funding obligations and there could be significant disruption to all discretionary programs and corresponding impacts on us and the rest of the defense industry.
we participate in markets that are often subject to uncertain economic conditions, which makes it difficult to estimate growth in our markets and, as a result, future income and expenditures.
we participate in u.s. and international markets that are subject to uncertain economic conditions. in particular, u.s. federal, state and local government spending priorities and levels remain uncertain and difficult to predict and are affected by numerous factors. in addition, certain of our non-u.s. customers, including in the middle east and other oil or natural gas-producing countries, could be adversely affected by weakness or volatility in oil or natural gas prices, or negative expectations about future prices or volatility, which could adversely affect demand for our products, systems, services or technologies. as a result of that uncertainty, it is difficult to develop accurate estimates of the level of growth in the markets we serve. because those estimates underpin all components of our budgeting and forecasting, our estimates or guidance for future revenue, income and expenditures may be inaccurate, and we may make significant investments and expenditures but never realize the anticipated benefits.
we cannot predict the consequences of future geo-political events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate, our ability to insure against risks, our operations or our profitability.
ongoing instability and current conflicts in global markets, including in the ukraine and eastern europe, the middle east and asia, and the potential for other conflicts and future terrorist activities and other recent geo-political events throughout the world, including new or increased tariffs and potential trade wars, have created and may continue to create economic and political uncertainties and impacts that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and profitability. these types of matters cause uncertainty in financial and insurance markets and may significantly increase the political, economic and social instability in the geographic areas in which we operate. if credit in financial markets outside of the u.s. remains tight, it could adversely affect the ability of our international customers and suppliers to obtain financing and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services or impact the ability of our customers to make payments. these matters also may cause us to experience increased costs, such as for insurance coverage and performance bonds (or for them to be unavailable altogether), as well as difficulty with future borrowings under our commercial paper program or credit facilities or in the debt markets or otherwise with financing our operating, investing or financing activities, including financing of acquisitions.
we are subject to government investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
u.s. government contractors are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements, including itar and fcpa, and from time to time agencies of the u.s. government investigate whether we have been and are operating in accordance with these requirements. we may cooperate with the u.s. government in those investigations. under u.s. government regulations, an indictment of l3harris by a federal grand jury, or an administrative finding against us as to our present responsibility to be a u.s. government contractor or subcontractor, could result in us being suspended for a period of time from eligibility for awards of new government contracts or task orders or in a loss of export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. a conviction, or an administrative finding against us that satisfies the requisite
level of seriousness, could result in debarment from contracting with the u.s. government for a specific term, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
we derive a significant portion of our revenue from international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business internationally.
we are dependent on sales to customers outside the u.s. the percentage of our total revenue represented by revenue from products and services where the end consumer is located outside the u.s., including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 23%, 22% and 20% in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in fiscal 2022, 43% of our international business was transacted in local currency. we expect that international revenue will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenue. also, a significant portion of our international revenue is from, and a significant portion of our business activity is being conducted with or in, less-developed countries and sometimes countries with unstable governments, or in areas of military conflict or at military installations. other risks of doing business internationally include:
•laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments relating to investments and operations;
•unforeseen changes in export controls and other trade regulations;
•changes in regulatory requirements, including business or operating license requirements, currency exchange controls or embargoes;
•uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding, credit or guarantees;
•risk of non-payment or delayed payment by non-u.s. customers;
•contractual obligations to non-u.s. customers that may include specific in-country purchases, investments, manufacturing agreements or financial or other support arrangements or obligations, known as offset obligations, that may extend for many years, require teaming with local companies and result in significant penalties if not satisfied;
•complexities and necessities of using, and disruptions involving, international dealers, distributors, sales representatives and consultants;
•difficulties of managing a geographically dispersed organization and culturally diverse workforces, including compliance with local laws and practices;
•fluctuations of currency, currency revaluations, difficulties with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and changes in tax laws;
•uncertainties as to local laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights and occasional requirements for onerous contract terms;
•rapid changes in government, economic and political policies, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or threats of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation; and
•increased risk of an incident resulting in damage or destruction to our facilities or products or resulting in injury or loss of life to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties.
business and operational risks disputes with our subcontractors or key suppliers, or their inability to perform or timely deliver our components, parts or services, could cause our products and or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner.
we engage subcontractors on many of our contracts and from time to time may have disputes with them, including regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by them, customer concerns about the subcontract or subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor or vice versa or the subcontractor's failure to comply with applicable law. in addition, there are certain parts, components and services for many of our products and services that we source from other manufacturers or vendors. some of our suppliers, from time to time, experience financial and operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to supply the materials, components, subsystems and services that we require, and an increased number of contracts where we act as a prime contractor increase our exposure to supplier difficulties. tariffs imposed on certain materials and other trade issues may create or exacerbate existing materials shortages and may result in further supplier business closures. our supply chain could also be disrupted by external events, such as natural disasters (including those as a result of climate change) or other significant disruptions (including extreme weather conditions, epidemics, pandemics, acts of terrorism, cyber-attacks and labor disputes), governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes, including product certification or stewardship requirements, sourcing restrictions, product authenticity and climate change or ghg emission standards, or availability constraints from increased demand from customers. for example, in fiscal 2022, revenue, operating
income and orders in our cs segment have been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely impacted by supply chain disruptions. these or any further political or governmental developments or health concerns in countries in which we operate could result in social, economic and labor instability. any inability to develop alternative sources of supply on a cost-effective and timely basis could materially impair our ability to manufacture and deliver products and services to our customers. complying with u.s. government contracting regulations that limit the source or manufacture of suppliers and impose stringent cybersecurity regulations also may create challenges for our supply chain and increase costs. we may experience disputes with our subcontractors; material supply disruptions or problems, including shortages of components, commodities or other materials; or component, subsystems or services problems in the future. also, our subcontractors and other suppliers may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, which might result in greater product returns, service problems and warranty claims and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. in addition, in connection with our government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and parts, including certain microelectronics components, from supply sources approved by the u.s. government and we rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other requirements regarding procurement of counterfeit, unauthorized or otherwise non-compliant parts or materials, including parts or materials they supply to us, and in some circumstances, we rely on their certifications as to their compliance. from time to time, there are components for which there may be only one supplier, which may be unable to meet our needs. each of these subcontractor and supplier risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
our future success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our management and our ability to attract and retain highly qualified management and technical personnel, including engineers and employees who have u.s. government security clearances, particularly clearances of top-secret and above. to the extent that the demand for qualified personnel exceeds supply, as has been the case from time to time in recent years and has recently intensified further due to industry trends, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or we could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts if our needs for such employees were unmet. failure to attract and retain such personnel would damage our future prospects and could adversely affect our ability to succeed in our human capital goals and priorities, as well as negatively impact our business and operating results.
we could be negatively impacted by a security breach, through cyber-attack, cyber intrusion, insider threats or otherwise, or other significant disruption of our information technology ("it") networks and related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers.
we face the risk of a security breach, whether through cyber-attack, cyber intrusion or insider threat via the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or with access to systems inside our organization, subcontractors or suppliers, threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees or other significant disruption of our it networks and related systems or those of our suppliers or subcontractors. we face an added risk of a security breach or other significant disruption of the it networks and related systems that we develop, install, operate and maintain for certain customers, which may involve managing and protecting information relating to national security and other sensitive government functions or personally identifiable or protected health information. the risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, is persistent and substantial as the volume, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks, intrusions and threats from around the world remain elevated and unlikely to diminish. as an advanced technology-based solutions provider, and particularly as a government contractor with access to national security or other sensitive government information, we face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption from threats to gain unauthorized access to our and our customers' proprietary information on our it networks and related systems, our classified networks, and to the it networks and related systems that we operate and maintain for certain of our customers. these types of information and it networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations of certain of our customers. we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and it networks and related systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption. our efforts and measures have not been entirely effective in the case of every cyber security incident, but no incident has had a material negative impact on us to date. even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and cyber intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly
evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. in some cases, the resources of foreign governments may be behind such attacks due to the nature of our business and the industries in which we operate. accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures. thus, it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk, and future cyber security incidents could have a material negative impact on us. a security breach or other significant disruption involving these types of information and it networks and related systems could:
•disrupt proper functioning of these networks and systems and, therefore, our operations and/or those of certain of our customers;
•result in unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours, our customers or our employees, including trade secrets, which could be used to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes;
•compromise national security and other sensitive government functions;
•require significant management attention and resources to remedy damages that result;
•result in costs which exceed our insurance coverage and/or indemnification arrangements;
•subject us to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, penalties or termination; and
•damage our reputation with our customers and the general public.
we must also rely on the safeguards put in place by customers, suppliers, vendors, subcontractors or other third parties to minimize the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions. these third parties may have varying levels of cybersecurity expertise and safeguards, and their relationships with government contractors, such as us, may increase their likelihood of being targeted by the same cyber threats we face. our commercial arrangements with these third parties include processes designed to require that the third parties and their employees and agents agree to maintain certain standards for the storage, protection and transfer of confidential, personal and proprietary information. however, we remain at risk of a data breach due to the intentional or unintentional non-compliance by a third party's employee or agent, the breakdown of a third party's data protection processes, which may not be as sophisticated as ours, or a cyber-attack on a third party's information network and systems.
any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products and services and technologies that achieve market acceptance in our current and future markets.
our businesses are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards. to remain competitive, we need to continue to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market and support new products and services and technologies, which will require the investment of significant financial resources. in the past, we have allocated substantial funds for such investments through customer funded and internal r&d, acquisitions or other teaming arrangements. this practice will continue to be required, but we may not be able to successfully identify new opportunities and may not have the necessary financial resources to develop new products and services and technologies in a timely or cost-effective manner. furthermore, the need to make these expenditures could divert our attention and resources from other projects, and we cannot be sure that these expenditures ultimately will lead to the timely development of new products and services or technologies. due to the design complexity of some of our products and services and technologies, we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products and services or technologies in the future. any delays could result in increased costs of development or divert resources from other projects. in addition, the markets for our products and services or technologies may not develop as we currently anticipate, we may not be as successful in newly identified markets as we currently anticipate, and acquisitions, joint ventures or other teaming arrangements we may enter into to pursue developing new products and services or technologies may not be successful. for instance, our acquisition of the tdl product line from viasat, inc. in january 2023 and our pending acquisition of ajrd, if completed, will result in us servicing our customers in markets in which we do not currently operate. failure of our products and services or technologies to gain market acceptance could significantly reduce our revenue and harm our business. furthermore, competitors may develop competing products and services or technologies that gain market acceptance in advance of our products and services or technologies, or competitors may develop new products and services or technologies that cause our existing products and services or technologies to become non-competitive or obsolete, which could adversely affect our results of operations. the future direction of the domestic and global economies, including its impact on customer demand, also will have a significant impact on our overall performance.
our corporate headquarters and significant business operations are located in florida, which is subject to the risk of major hurricanes. our worldwide operations and operations of our suppliers and customers could be subject to natural disasters (including those as a result of climate change) or other significant disruptions, including hurricanes, typhoons, tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires, water shortages, other extreme weather conditions, epidemics, pandemics, acts of terrorism, power shortages and blackouts, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks and other natural and man-made disasters or disruptions. in the event of such a natural disaster or other disruption, we could experience disruptions or interruptions to our operations or the operations of our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers or customers, including inability of employees to work; destruction of facilities; and/or loss of life, all of which could materially increase our costs and expenses, delay or decrease orders and revenue from our customers and have a material adverse effect on the continuity of our business and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. additionally, we could incur significant costs to improve the climate-related resiliency of our infrastructure and supply chain and otherwise prepare for, respond to and mitigate the effects of climate change.
financial risks changes in estimates we use in accounting for many of our programs could adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations.
accounting for our contracts requires judgment relative to assessing risks, including risks associated with customer-directed delays and reductions in scheduled deliveries, unfavorable resolutions of claims and contractual matters and judgment associated with estimating contract revenue and costs and assumptions for schedule and technical issues. due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. for example, we must make assumptions regarding: (i) the length of time to complete the contract because costs also include expected increases in wages and prices for materials; (ii) whether contracts should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations based on the goods and services promised to the customer; (iii) incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts in estimating revenue and profit rates, and recording them when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance; and (iv) estimates of award fees in estimating revenue and profit rates based on actual and anticipated awards. because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes involved in accounting for our contracts, materially different amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations. for additional information regarding our critical accounting estimates applicable to our accounting for our contracts, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations - critical accounting estimates" of this report.
our level of indebtedness and our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness and our unfunded defined benefit plans liability may materially adversely affect our financial and operating activities or our ability to incur additional debt.
at december 30, 2022, we had $7.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt and $262 million of unfunded defined benefit plans liability. on november 22, 2022, we established a new $2.25 billion, three-year senior unsecured term loan facility by entering into a loan agreement (the "term loan 2025") with a syndicate of lenders. subsequent to the end of fiscal 2022, on january 3, 2023, we borrowed $2.0 billion on the term loan 2025 to complete the acquisition of the tdl product line. in addition, we expect to fund the approximately $4.7 billion purchase price of the acquisition of ajrd primarily through debt financing. our ability to increase our borrowings to fund the acquisition of ajrd or otherwise is subject to limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements. our ability to make payments on and to refinance our current or future indebtedness, and our ability to make contributions to our unfunded defined benefit plans liability, will depend on our ability to generate cash from operations, financings and investments, which may be subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. if we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due or make contributions to our unfunded defined benefit plans liability, we may be forced to divest businesses, sell assets or take other disadvantageous actions, including reducing financing for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes; reducing our cash dividend rate and/or share repurchases; or dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. in addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in the defense technology industry could be impaired. the lenders who hold such debt could also accelerate amounts due, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of any of our other debt.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business.
the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could change based on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, mergers, acquisitions or dispositions. these ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies and may be changed or withdrawn by rating agencies in the future. moreover, these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of our debt securities. following the announcement of the definitive agreement to acquire ajrd, none of the credit rating agencies changed our rating, however, all three agencies have changed our outlook from stable to negative. any downgrade in our credit ratings, including due to the acquisition of ajrd, may increase our borrowing costs, affect our ability to incur new indebtedness or refinance our existing indebtedness and could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, equity and the market value of our common stock and outstanding debt securities.
the level of returns on defined benefit plan assets, changes in interest rates and other factors could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity in future periods.
a substantial portion of our current and retired employee population is covered by defined benefit pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans (collectively, "defined benefit plans"). we may experience significant fluctuations in costs related to defined benefit plans as a result of macro-economic factors, such as interest rates, that are beyond our control. the cost of our defined benefit plans is incurred over long periods of time and involves various factors and uncertainties during those periods that can be volatile and unpredictable, including the rates of return on defined benefit plan assets, discount rates used to calculate liabilities and expenses, mortality of plan participants and trends for future medical costs. we develop our assumptions using relevant plan experience and expectations in conjunction with market-related data. these assumptions and other actuarial assumptions may change significantly due to changes in economic, legislative and/or demographic experience or circumstances. significant changes in key economic indicators, financial market volatility, future legislation and other governmental regulatory actions could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
we will make contributions to fund our defined benefit plans when considered necessary or advantageous to do so. the macro-economic factors discussed above, including the rates of return on defined benefit plan assets and the minimum funding requirements established by government funding or taxing authorities, or established by other agreement, may influence future funding requirements. a significant decline in the fair value of our plan assets, or other adverse changes to our overall defined benefit plans, could require us to make significant funding contributions and affect cash flows in future periods.
cas governs the extent to which postretirement costs and plan contributions are allocable to and recoverable under contracts with the u.s. government. we expect to continue to seek reimbursement from the u.s. government for a portion of our postretirement costs and plan contributions; however, pension plan cost recoveries under our u.s. government contracts may occur in different periods from when those pension costs are recognized for financial statement purposes or when pension funding is made. cas rules have been revised to partially harmonize the measurement and period of assignment of pension plan costs allocable to u.s. government contracts and minimum required contributions under the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended, ("erisa"). however, there is still a lag between the time when we contribute cash to our plans under pension funding rules and when we recover pension costs under cas rules. these timing differences could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows.
legal, tax and regulatory risks changes in our effective tax rate or additional tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. there are transactions and calculations in the ordinary course of business where the application of tax law may be uncertain, require significant judgment or be subject to differing interpretations.
our worldwide income tax provision may be adversely affected by a number of factors, which include:
•changes in domestic or international tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws;
•the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed;
•increases in expenses not fully deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired in-process r&d and impairment of goodwill or other long-term assets in connection with mergers or acquisitions;
•changes in available tax credits;
•changes in share-based compensation expense;
•changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; and
•the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities.
any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could adversely impact our results of operations for future periods.
we may not be successful in obtaining the necessary export licenses to conduct certain operations abroad, and congress may prevent proposed sales to certain foreign governments.
we must first obtain export and other licenses and authorizations from various u.s. government agencies before we are permitted to sell certain products and technologies outside of the u.s. for example, the u.s. department of state must notify congress at least 15 to 60 days, depending on the size and location of the proposed sale, prior to authorizing certain sales of defense equipment and services to foreign governments. during that time, congress may take action to block the proposed sale. we may be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or authorizations or congress may prevent or delay certain sales. our ability to obtain necessary licenses and authorizations timely or at all is subject to risks and uncertainties, including changing u.s. government policies or laws or delays in congressional action due to geopolitical and other factors. if we are not successful in obtaining or maintaining the necessary licenses or authorizations in a timely manner, our sales relating to those approvals may be reversed, prevented or delayed, and any significant impairment of our ability to sell products or technologies outside of the u.s. could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
unforeseen environmental issues, including regulations related to ghg emissions or change in customer sentiment related to environmental sustainability, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
our operations are subject to various u.s. federal, state and local, as well as certain foreign, environmental laws and regulations within the countries in which we operate relating to the discharge, storage, treatment, handling, disposal and remediation of certain materials, substances and wastes used in our operations. in addition, we could be affected by future environmental laws or regulations, including, for example, new restrictions on materials used in our operations or claims asserted in response to concerns over climate change, such as regulations related to ghg emissions, other aspects of the environment or natural resources. changes in government procurement laws that mandate or include climate change considerations, such as the contractor's ghg emissions, lower emission products or other climate risks, in evaluating bids could result in costly changes to our operations or affect our competitiveness on future bids. compliance with current and future environmental laws and regulations may require significant operating and capital costs. environmental laws and regulations may institute substantial fines and criminal sanctions as well as facility shutdowns to address violations and may require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit emissions or discharges. our suppliers may face similar business interruptions and incur additional costs that may increase the price of materials needed for manufacturing. we also incur, and expect to continue to incur, costs to comply with current environmental laws and regulations related to remediation of conditions in the environment. in addition, if violations of environmental laws result in us, or in one or more of our operations, being identified as an excluded party in the u.s. government's system for award management, then we or one or more of our operations would become ineligible to receive certain contracts, subcontracts and other benefits from the federal government or to perform work under a government contract or subcontract. generally, such ineligibility would continue until the basis for the listing has been appropriately addressed. if our responses to new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements or other sustainability concerns are unsuccessful or perceived as inadequate for the u.s. or our international markets, we also may suffer damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. developments such as the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, violations by us of such laws and regulations, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination, litigation involving environmental impacts, our inability to recover costs associated with any such developments under previously priced contracts or financial insolvency of other responsible parties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents or business partners.
we have implemented compliance controls, training, policies and procedures designed to prevent and detect reckless or criminal acts from being committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing payments to government officials, such as the fcpa, the protection of export controlled or classified information, such as itar, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy and the terms of our contracts. we cannot ensure, however, that our controls, training, policies and procedures will prevent or detect all such reckless or criminal acts, and we have been adversely impacted by such acts in the past. this risk of improper
conduct will increase as we continue to grow and expand our operations, including through acquisitions. if not prevented, such acts could subject us to civil or criminal investigations, monetary and non-monetary penalties and suspension and debarment by the u.s. government and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and reputation. in addition, misconduct involving data security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use of our customer's sensitive or classified information could result in remediation costs, regulatory sanctions against us and serious harm to our reputation and could adversely impact our ability to continue to contract with the u.s. government.
the outcome of litigation or arbitration in which we are involved from time to time is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
the size, nature and complexity of our business make us susceptible to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation and other legal proceedings, particularly those involving governments. from time to time, we are defendants in a number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of arbitration matters. these actions may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. the results of these or new matters may be unfavorable to us. although we maintain insurance policies, they may not be adequate to protect us from all material judgments and expenses related to current or future claims and may not cover the conduct that is the subject of the litigation or arbitration. desired levels of insurance may not be available in the future at economical prices or at all. in addition, the results of litigation or arbitration can be difficult to predict, including litigation involving jury trials. accordingly, our current judgment as to the likelihood of our loss (or our current estimate as to the potential range of loss, if applicable) with respect to any particular litigation or arbitration matter may be wrong. a significant judgment or arbitration award against us arising out of any of our current or future litigation or arbitration matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
many of the markets we serve are characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which often has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation. our efforts to gain awards of contracts and ensure a competitive position in the market depends in part on our ability to ensure that our intellectual property is protected, that our intellectual property rights are not diluted or subject to misuse, and that we are able to license certain third-party intellectual property on reasonable terms. third parties have claimed in the past, and may claim in the future, that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing or to have infringed directly or indirectly upon those intellectual property rights. claims of infringement might also require us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements. our patents and other intellectual property may be challenged, invalidated, misappropriated or circumvented by third parties. moreover, we may not be able to obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us, or at all. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products, services and solutions. our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology. we rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. in addition, the laws concerning intellectual property vary among nations and the protection provided to our intellectual property by the laws and courts of foreign nations may differ from those of the u.s. if we fail to successfully protect and enforce these rights, our competitive position could suffer. our pending patent and trademark registration applications may not be allowed, or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents or trademark registrations. in addition, our patents may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and enforce our intellectual property rights. litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management's attention away from other aspects of our business. we may not be able to detect infringement, and our competitive position may be harmed before we do so. in addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies.
we face certain significant risk exposures and potential liabilities that may not be covered adequately by insurance or indemnity.
we are exposed to liabilities that are unique to the products and services we provide. a significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced defense, technology and communications systems and products. new technologies associated with these systems and products may be untested or unproven. components of certain defense systems and products we develop are inherently dangerous. failures of satellites, missile systems, air traffic control systems, electronic warfare systems, space superiority systems, c5isr, homeland security applications and aircraft have the potential to cause loss of life and extensive property damage.
other examples of unforeseen problems that could result, either directly or indirectly, in the loss of life or property or otherwise negatively affect revenue and profitability include loss on launch of spacecraft, premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, problems with quality and workmanship, country of origin, delivery of subcontractor components or services and unplanned degradation of product performance. in addition, problems and delays in development or delivery as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, licensing and patent rights, labor, learning curve assumptions or materials and components could prevent us from achieving contractual requirements. in many circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the u.s. government. we generally do not receive indemnification from foreign governments. although we maintain insurance for certain risks, including certain cybersecurity exposures, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs from an accident or incident. it also is not possible for us to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. substantial claims resulting from an incident in excess of u.s. government indemnity and our insurance coverage would harm our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. other factors that may affect revenue and profits include loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, liquidated damages, penalties and repayment to the customer of contract cost and fee payments we previously received. moreover, any accident or incident for which we are liable, even if fully insured, could negatively affect our standing with our customers and the public, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and could significantly impact the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future.
strategic transactions and investments risks we are subject to risks relating to the pending acquisition of ajrd, and acquisition of ajrd cannot be guaranteed to close in the expected time frame or at all.
on december 17, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ajrd. ajrd is a manufacturer of rocket, hypersonic and electric propulsive systems for space, defense, civil and commercial applications. there are numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the pending acquisition, which include:
•completion of the acquisition is subject to a number of conditions, some of which are outside of our control, such as the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period (and any extension thereof) under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvement act of 1976, as amended (the "hsr act"), and we will be required to pay ajrd a termination fee of $406.3 million upon a failure to obtain the required clearance under the hsr act;
•our and ajrd's existing business relationships with third parties, including customers and service providers, may be disrupted due to uncertainty associated with the acquisition;
•failure to complete the acquisition could negatively affect our stock price and our future business and financial results;
•we and ajrd will incur significant costs in connection with the acquisition, which may exceed those currently anticipated;
•we expect to significantly increase our indebtedness to pay for the acquisition and other related fees and expenses, which will increase our interest expense and financial leverage; and
•ajrd may have difficulty attracting, developing, motivating and retaining executives and other employees in light of the pending acquisition, and failure to do so could harm the company.
any of the foregoing risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
challenges arising from the expanded operations from the acquisition of the tdl product line and the pending acquisition of ajrd may affect our future results.
our recent and pending acquisitions have expanded, and will greatly expand, the size and complexity of our business. our future success depends, in part, on the ability to integrate the tdl product line, and potentially ajrd, and to anticipate and overcome challenges arising from the expansion of our operations, including challenges related to expanded global operations and new manufacturing processes and products or services, and the associated costs and complexity. there can be no assurance that we will be able to anticipate or overcome all of the challenges resulting from our expanding operations or that we will realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions in the intended timeframe or at all, which may cause our future results to be adversely affected.
strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
strategic mergers, acquisitions and divestitures we have made in the past and may make in the future present significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity, which include:
•difficulty in identifying and evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions, including the risk that our due diligence does not identify or fully assess valuation issues, potential liabilities or other merger or acquisition risks;
•difficulty, delays and expense in integrating newly merged or acquired businesses and operations, including combining product and service offerings, and in entering into new markets in which we are not experienced, in an efficient and cost-effective manner while maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures, and the risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or other problems associated with integration;
•differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies that may delay successful integration;
•difficulty, delays and expense in consolidating and rationalizing it infrastructure, which may include multiple legacy systems from various mergers and acquisitions and integrating software code;
•challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other expected benefits;
•risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the strategic mergers, acquisitions and divestitures do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets;
•risk that we assume or retain, or that companies we have merged with or acquired have assumed or retained or otherwise become subject to, significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any indemnifying parties;
•risk that indemnification related to businesses divested or spun off that we may be required to provide or otherwise bear may be significant and could negatively impact our business;
•risk that mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, spin offs and other strategic transactions fail to qualify for the intended tax treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes and the possibility that the full tax benefits anticipated to result from such transactions may not be realized;
•risk that we are not able to complete strategic divestitures on satisfactory terms and conditions, including non-competition arrangements applicable to certain of our business lines, or within expected timeframes;
•potential loss of key employees or customers of the businesses merged with or acquired or to be divested; and
•risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our existing operations.
changes in future business or other market conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill or other long-term assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
from time to time, we acquire a minority or majority interest in a business, following careful analysis and due diligence procedures designed to achieve a desired return or strategic objective. these procedures often involve certain assumptions and judgment in determining acquisition price. after acquisition, such assumptions and judgment may prove to have been inaccurate and unforeseen issues could arise, which could adversely affect the anticipated returns or which are otherwise not recoverable as an adjustment to the purchase price. even after careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary significantly from initial estimates. as of december 30, 2022, we had goodwill of $17.3 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet, the large majority of which was recorded in connection with the 2019 all-stock merger (the "l3harris merger") between harris corporation ("harris") and l3 technologies, inc. ("l3"). we evaluate the recoverability of recorded goodwill annually, as well as when we change reporting units and when events or circumstances indicate there may be an impairment. we test goodwill for impairment at an organizational level referred to as the reporting unit, which is our business segment level or one level below the business segment. the impairment test is based on several factors requiring judgment. principally, a decrease in expected reporting unit cash flows or changes in market conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill. in addition, our reporting units are generally one level below the segment level and two of our segments are comprised of several reporting units. allocation of goodwill to several reporting units could make it more likely that we will have additional impairment charges in the future. because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. for additional information on our accounting policies related to impairment of goodwill, see our discussion under "critical accounting estimates" in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this report and note 1: significant accounting policies and note 9: goodwill in the notes.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is intended to assist in an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. this md&a is provided as a supplement to, should be read in conjunction with and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere in this report. except for the historical information contained herein, the discussions in this md&a contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our future results could differ materially from those discussed herein. factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below in this md&a under "forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results."
we are a trusted disruptor for the global aerospace and defense industry. with customers' mission-critical needs in mind, we deliver end-to-end technology solutions connecting the space, air, land, sea and cyber domains. we support government and commercial customers in more than 100 countries, with our largest customers being
various departments and agencies of the u.s. government and their prime contractors. our products and services have defense and civil government applications, as well as commercial applications. as of december 30, 2022, we had approximately 46,000 employees, including approximately 20,000 engineers and scientists. we generally sell directly to our customers, and we utilize agents and intermediaries to sell and market some products and services, especially in international markets.
we structure our operations primarily around the products and services we sell and the markets we serve, and we report the financial results of our continuing operations in the three operating segments: integrated mission systems, space & airborne systems and communication systems. our operating segments are also our reportable segments and are referred to as our business segments. see note 24: business segments in the notes for further information regarding our business segments, including how we define segment operating income or loss.
u.s. and international budget environment our largest customers are various departments and agencies of the u.s. government - the percentage of our revenue that was derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 74%, 75% and 78%, in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
for the 2023 gfy, which began on october 1, 2022, the president's budget request ("pbr") proposed $773 billion of dod funding, a 4% increase above the amount enacted for the 2022 gfy, and the senate appropriations subcommittee on defense has supported a $37 billion increase to the pbr, representing a 9% increase year over year. on december 29, 2022, a 2023 gfy dod budget of $817 billion was enacted. many of l3harris' offerings are supported in the 2023 gfy dod budget, including responsive satellites, isr aircraft, tactical communications, networked maritime systems and classified cyber solutions, however, we continue to monitor the political and budget environments and we can give no assurances on the extent of future orders.
in international markets, the north atlantic treaty organization ("nato") continues to evolve its strategy on multiple levels. several countries, including finland and sweden, are pursuing nato membership, while existing nato members such as the u.k. and france have in recent months committed to increased spending beyond the 2% of gross domestic product target. recently, additional countries, such as japan, have followed similar paths with expanded defense budgets. the expectation of increased spending in international markets provides us with the opportunity to offer a range of solutions to international customers, but international sales remain dependent on economic, social and political conditions that may differ from those in the united states as well as changes in export controls and other trade regulations in the united states.
even with the increases in expected dod budget proposals and with the overall demand environment both in the u.s. and internationally reflecting the conflict in ukraine and geopolitical tensions, changes to u.s. government spending priorities have and could in the future impact our business. a decline in demand for fuzing and ordnance systems due to reduced u.s. government spending for precision weapons was largely responsible for charges for impairment of goodwill in our ims segment. see note 9: goodwill in the notes for further information. other changes in spending priorities in the future could adversely affect our existing programs and future contracts and impact our financial condition and results of operations.
for a discussion of u.s. government funding risks and international business risks see "item 1. business - principal customers: government contracts," "item 1. business - international business," "item 1a. risk factors" and "item 3. legal proceedings" of this report.
economic environment the macroeconomic environment continues to present challenges, which have impacted and may continue to impact our future results. rising inflation in the u.s. has led to higher costs. the ongoing uncertainty related to the impacts of inflation, as well as increased interest rates, which raises the cost of borrowing for the federal government, could in the future impact u.s. government spending priorities and the demand for our products. higher interest rates have also had an impact on the fair value of our reporting units and contributed to charges for impairment of goodwill at our ims and cs segments. see note 9: goodwill in the notes for further information.
to the extent feasible, we have consistently followed the practice of adjusting our prices to reflect the impact of inflation on salaries and fringe benefits for employees and the cost of purchased materials and services; our fixed-price contracts could subject us to losses in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in or a sustained period of increased inflation. management has worked to mitigate supply chain disruptions and labor mobility challenges, with modest improvements in the supply chain during the second half of fiscal 2022 for tactical communications, our largest product-based business, and increasing stability in labor mobility and employee
attrition. however due to uncertainty in the current environment, there can be no assurances that we will not see further impacts in our financial condition and results of operations.
acquisition of tdl product line on october 3, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the tdl product line for a purchase price of approximately $1.96 billion, subject to customary adjustments. the acquisition was completed subsequent to fiscal 2022 year-end on january 3, 2023. we used third-party debt borrowings under a new $2.25 billion three-year senior unsecured term loan facility, the term loan 2025, to finance the acquisition. the purchase of the tdl product line will enhance our networking capability and provide immediate access to the ubiquitous link 16 waveform, better positioning us to enable the dod's integrated architecture goal in jadc2. the tdl product line will be reported within our cs segment.
pending acquisition of ajrd on december 17, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ajrd in an all-cash transaction of approximately $4.7 billion. ajrd is a provider of propulsion systems and energetics for tactical and strategic missiles, missile defense systems and hypersonic applications. ajrd also provides liquid-fuel engines and propulsion and power systems for in-space crew and cargo transports. upon closure of the acquisition, we anticipate creating a new business segment. the acquisition is expected to close in fiscal 2023, pending required regulatory approvals and clearances and other customary closing conditions.
divestiture of visual information solutions ("vis") business on december 21, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our vis business for $70 million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments and closing conditions as set forth in the definitive agreement. vis, which is part of our sas segment, provides commercial geospatial software, technology and services used to extract and analyze reliable, accurate and actionable information from geospatial to terrestrial imagery. the transaction is expected to close mid-fiscal 2023, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
operating performance assessment and key performance measures during fiscal 2022, we were impacted by the macroeconomic environment, including supply chain, labor mobility and inflation, which continued to cause significant disruptions and adverse effects on the u.s. and global economies. we continue to implement mitigation strategies to minimize the future impacts of these challenges, including working closely with our second and third-tier suppliers to improve demand management and resilience in our supply chain, efforts to improve retention of our skilled workforce and accounting for inflation uncertainty within the terms of future contracts.
despite the dynamic operating environment, we believe demand for our products remains strong. many of our offerings are supported in the 2023 gfy dod budget, including responsive satellites, isr aircraft, tactical communications, networked maritime systems and classified cyber solutions. in fiscal 2022, we received several key strategic contract awards across each of our domains, and we ended the year with backlog of $22.3 billion, a 5% increase over the prior year. also in fiscal 2022, we invested $603 million (4% of total revenue) in company-sponsored r&d focused on technologies that expand our capabilities across our domains.
executing on our capital allocation strategy, on january 3, 2023 we closed the acquisition of the tdl product line for approximately $1.96 billion, subject to customary adjustments, which will provide access to the link 16 network and position us to make the installed base of terminals more resilient and relevant, consistent with jadc2 modernization efforts. additionally, on december 17, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ajrd for approximately $4.7 billion, gaining access to new markets in missiles and missile defense as well as space exploration. these unique assets are intended to strengthen our trusted position as an industry leading merchant supplier, providing rapid and innovative solutions to customers, and create long term value for our shareholders.
we reported full year operating cash flow of $2.2 billion in fiscal 2022, and consistent with our shareholder-friendly capital deployment priority, we paid $864 million in dividends and made share repurchases totaling $1.1 billion.
our strategic priorities continue to be growth, innovation and performance. for fiscal 2023, "performance first" is our primary focus. we plan to continue to invest, consistent with growth opportunities, and sustain our culture of innovation, but delivering on our commitments to investors, our customers and on every contract we are awarded is paramount. we intend to accomplish this by:
•relentlessly focusing on program execution and continuous improvement;
•strengthening the risk management culture that has developed over the highly volatile past three years;
•seamlessly integrating tdl and closing the ajrd acquisition; and
•attracting, developing and retaining the skilled workforce key to our role as a trusted disruptor.
we use the following key financial performance measures to manage our business, which are discussed in detail below in the "operations review" and "liquidity and capital resources" sections of this md&a:
•net cash provided by operating activities.
we also measure the success of our business using certain measures that are not defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), such as adjusted ebit, or earnings before interest and taxes, non-gaap earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and return on invested capital (defined as after-tax operating income from continuing operations divided by the two-point average of invested capital at the beginning and end of the period, where invested capital equals equity plus debt, less cash and cash equivalents), which may be calculated differently by other companies. we use these measures, along with our key financial performance measures above, to assess the success of our business and our ability to create shareholder value. we believe these measures are balanced among long-term and short-term performance, efficiency and growth. we also use some of these and other performance metrics for executive compensation purposes.
operations review consolidated results of operations fiscal year ended
integrated mission systems                                                                                            $6,916                           $7,042                          (2)     %                   $6,793                            4     %
space &amp; airborne systems                                                                                           6,060                            5,965                            2     %                    5,823                            2     %
communication systems                                                                                                  4,217                            4,287                          (2)     %                    4,402                          (3)     %
other non-reportable businesses                                                                                            -                              683                                  *                    1,347                         (49)     %
business divestiture-related gains (losses), net                                                                           -                              220                                  *                     (51)                                  *
impairment of goodwill and other assets                                                                                (802)                            (207)                                  *                    (767)                                  *
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                                                  1,273                            2,283                         (44)     %                    1,322                           73     %
noncontrolling interests, net of income taxes                                                                              1                                4                                  *                       33                                  *
revenue as described in more detail in note 4: business divestitures and asset sales and elsewhere in the notes, during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, we completed the following business divestitures, which had revenue attributable to them as set forth below:
revenue attributable to divested businesses(1):
space &amp; navigation business                                         $6                                            $24                                 $21
narda-miteq business                                                    -                                              84                                 111
essco business                                                          -                                              23                                  26
electron devices business                                               -                                             167                                 265
voice switch enterprise disposal group ("vse disposal group")           -                                              19                                  30
combat propulsion systems and related businesses ("cps business")       -                                             142                                 233
military training business                                              -                                             205                                 458
eotech business                                                         -                                               -                                  48
applied kilovolts business                                              -                                               -                                   7
airport security and automation business                                -                                               -                                 147
fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021: the decrease in revenue in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to the impact of $655 million of lower revenue from completed business divestitures during fiscal 2021 and supply chain disruptions.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020: the decrease in revenue in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 was primarily due to divestitures within other non-reportable businesses and supply chain disruptions within cs.
see the "discussion of business segment results of operations" discussion below in this md&a for further information.
gross margin fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021: gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of revenue ("gross margin percentage") for fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021, largely due to higher input costs (labor, material and overhead) and supply chain disruptions that adversely impacted program performance, estimate at completion ("eac") adjustments and a mix of program revenue and product sales with relatively lower gross margin percentage.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:  gross margin and gross margin percentage for fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to integration benefits and operational excellence, $31 million of lower cost of sales related to the fair value step-up in inventory sold and $12 million of lower amortization of identifiable intangible assets acquired as a result of the l3harris merger, partially offset by a mix of program revenue and product sales with relatively lower gross margin percentage.
see the "discussion of business segment results of operations" discussion below in this md&a for further information.
company-sponsored r&amp;d costs                                                               $(603)                       $(692)                              $(684)
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles                                                (532)                       (550)                               (620)
l3harris merger-related transaction, integration and other expenses and losses                  (90)                       (134)                               (155)
acquisition-related transaction and integration expenses                                         (9)                       -                                   -
pre-acquisition and other divestiture-related expenses                                          (63)                       (66)                                (13)
charges for severance and other termination costs                                               (29)                       -                                   -
charges related to an additional pre-merger legal contingency                                   (31)                       -                                   -
business divestiture-related gains (losses), net during fiscal 2022, there were no significant business divestiture-related gains or losses. we completed one business divestiture and one asset sale from our ims segment and recognized a pre-tax gain of $8 million associated with the cyterra asset sale, which is recorded in the "engineering, selling and administrative expenses" line item in our consolidated statement of operations for fiscal 2022.
in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we had the following pre-tax gains (losses) associated with businesses divested, which are included in the "business divestiture-related gains (losses), net" line item in our consolidated statement of operations:
narda-miteq business                                                          $(9)                       $-
essco business                                                                  31                       -
electron devices business                                                       31                       -
cps business                                                                  (19)                       -
military training business                                                     217                       -
airport security and automation business                                         -                       (23)
total business divestiture-related gain (loss), net                           $220                       $(51)
(1)reflects adjustments to the gains (losses) on completed divestitures not shown above, including for fiscal 2020, $12 million for finalization of purchase price adjustments and recognition of a non-cash adjustment related to working capital, which decreased the $229 million gain initially recognized on the sale of the harris night vision business divested on september 13, 2019.
see note 4: business divestitures and asset sales in the notes for further information.
impairment of goodwill and other assets fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021: impairment of goodwill and other assets for fiscal 2022 reflected non-cash impairment charges of $355 million, $313 million and $134 million associated with our broadband, adg and electro optical reporting units, respectively. impairment of goodwill and other assets for fiscal 2021 reflects $62 million of non-cash charges for the impairment of goodwill and other assets associated with the divestiture of the cps business and $145 million of non-cash charges for impairment of identifiable intangible and other long-lived assets related to the commercial training solutions ("cts") business.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:  impairment of goodwill and other assets for fiscal 2021 reflects $62 million of non-cash charges for the impairment of goodwill and other assets associated with the divestiture of the
cps business and $145 million of non-cash charges for impairment of identifiable intangible and other long-lived assets related to our cts business. impairment of goodwill and other assets for fiscal 2020 included $748 million of non-cash charges for the impairment of goodwill and other assets associated with the covid-related downturn in the commercial aviation market and its impact on customer operations, a $14 million non-cash charge for impairment of goodwill recorded in connection with the then-potential divestiture of the vse disposal group and a $5 million non-cash charge for impairment of goodwill recorded in connection with the divestiture of our applied kilovolts business.
see note 4: business divestitures and asset sales and note 9: goodwill and note 10: intangible assets in the notes for further information.
non-service financial accounting standards ("fas") pension income(1)                $441                                $445                       $389
equity investment (losses) gains, net                                               (18)                                   5                       -
impairment of equity method investment                                                 -                                (35)                       -
(1)non-service cost components of net periodic benefit income recorded in the "non-operating income, net" line item in our consolidated statement of operations include interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of net actuarial gain and effect of curtailments or settlements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans.
net interest expense fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021:  our net interest expense increased in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 primarily due to lower interest income in fiscal 2022.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:  our net interest expense increased in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to lower interest income in fiscal 2021, reflecting lower sales-type lease income due to the divestiture of the military training business on july 2, 2021.
see note 18: lease commitments and note 13: debt in the notes for further information.
income taxes fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021:  our effective tax rate (income taxes as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income taxes) was 17% in fiscal 2022 compared with 19% in fiscal 2021. the decrease was primarily attributable to incremental r&d credits and incremental foreign derived intangible income ("fdii") benefits claimed in fiscal 2022 as a result of legislative changes in the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tcja") that became effective in fiscal 2022 and the absence of unfavorable divestiture impacts in fiscal 2022, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of non-deductible goodwill impairments.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:  our effective tax rate was 19% in fiscal 2021 compared with 18% in fiscal 2020. the increase in 2021 was primarily attributable to the unfavorable impact of divestitures and a reduction in the benefit of r&d credits, partially offset by the benefit of reduced goodwill impairments in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020.
see note 22: income taxes in the notes for further information.
on august 16, 2022, president biden signed into law the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") which includes implementation of a new 15% corporate alternative minimum tax ("camt"), a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks and tax incentives for energy and climate initiatives. these provisions are effective beginning january 1, 2023 and we expect them to be immaterial to our financial results, financial position and cash flows.
income from continuing operations per diluted common share attributable to l3harris common shareholders fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021:  the decrease in income from continuing operations per diluted common share attributable to l3harris common shareholders in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to lower income from continuing operations in fiscal 2022 resulting from the incremental goodwill impairments in fiscal 2022, as further described in the "impairment of goodwill and other assets" discussion above.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:  the increase in income from continuing operations per diluted common share attributable to l3harris common shareholders in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 was primarily due to higher income from continuing operations and fewer diluted weighted average common shares outstanding, reflecting the repurchases of shares of our common stock under our repurchase program in fiscal 2021.
see the "common stock repurchases" discussion below in this md&a for further information.
discussion of business segment results of operations effective january 1, 2022, we streamlined our business segments from four business segments to three business segments. as a result of the segment reorganization, the aviation systems segment was eliminated as a business segment and the ongoing operations that had been part of the aviation systems segment were integrated into the remaining segments. defense aviation, commercial aviation products and commercial pilot training operations were moved into the ims segment; and mission networks for air traffic management operations were moved into the sas segment.
the historical results, discussion and presentation of our business segments as set forth in this md&a reflect the impact of these changes for all periods presented in order to present segment information on a comparable basis. there is no impact on our previously reported consolidated statements of operations, balance sheets, statements of cash flows or statements of equity resulting from these changes.
integrated mission systems segment our ims segment includes multi-mission isr systems; integrated electrical and electronic systems for maritime platforms; advanced eo/ir solutions; fuzing and ordnance systems; commercial aviation products; and commercial pilot training operations. see "item 1: business" of this report for a description of the sectors in ims.
fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021:  the decrease in segment revenue in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to $105 million of lower revenue in electro optical from lower volume on fuzing and ordnance systems and other related programs and $53 million in isr primarily from $262 million of lower revenue on a nato aircraft missionization program which was mostly offset by newly-awarded program ramps. these decreases were partially offset by an increase of $55 million in commercial aviation solutions, largely due to $33 million of higher revenue related to the sale of end-of-life inventory, as well as an increase in pilot training center volume. the funded backlog for this segment was $6.9 billion at each of december 30, 2022 and december 31, 2021.
the decreases in segment operating income and operating income margin in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 were primarily due to non-cash charges for goodwill impairment totaling $447 million during the quarter ended september 30, 2022 compared with $82 million of non-cash charges for impairment of long-term assets related to our cts business recorded during fiscal 2021. in addition, ims segment operating income and operating income margin declined from lower product volumes and an increase in unfavorable eac adjustments due to labor inefficiencies and program performance, partially offset by the sale of end-of-life inventory and higher volumes in commercial aviation solutions during fiscal 2022.
the percentage of this segment's revenue that was derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 68% in fiscal 2022.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:  the increase in segment revenue in fiscal 2021 compared with the fiscal 2020 was primarily due to $223 million of higher revenue in isr, driven by aircraft missionization on a nato program, $53 million of higher revenue in maritime, reflecting a ramp on key platforms and $29 million higher revenue in electro optical reflecting higher product deliveries, partially offset by $16 million of lower revenue from fuzing and ordnance systems and other related programs and $20 million of lower revenue in commercial aviation reflecting covid-related impacts. the funded backlog for this segment was $6.9 billion at december 31, 2021 compared with $7.1 billion at january 1, 2021.
the increases in segment operating income and operating income margin in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 were primarily due to $527 million of lower non-cash charges for impairments of goodwill and other assets in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 and the absence of $18 million of restructuring charges and other exit costs recorded in fiscal 2020 in our commercial aviation solutions reporting unit due to the downturn in the commercial aviation market, as well as e3 and program performance, expense management and integration benefits.
the percentage of this segment's revenue that was derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 69% in fiscal 2021.
space & airborne systems segment our sas segment includes space payloads, sensors and full-mission solutions; classified intelligence and cyber; avionics; electronic warfare; and mission networks for air traffic management operations. see "item 1: business" of this report for a description of the sectors in sas.
fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021: the increase in segment revenue in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to an increase of $261 million in space, reflecting growth in responsive satellite programs and a ramp on sda tracking, partially offset by a $139 million decline in our airborne businesses, reflecting transition from development to production on the f-35 and f-18 programs and a $17 million decline in intel & cyber primarily due to award timing. the funded backlog for this segment was $4.9 billion at december 30, 2022 compared with $4.7 billion at december 31, 2021.
the decreases in segment operating income and operating income margin in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 were primarily due to a $67 million decrease in net favorable eac adjustments due to higher input costs and program performance, mainly in electronic warfare and space businesses, and new program ramps, partially offset by a decrease in r&d expenses.
the percentage of this segment's revenue that was derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 87% in fiscal 2022.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020: the increase in segment revenue in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 was primarily due to $176 million of higher revenue in space, reflecting a ramp in missile defense and other responsive programs and $8 million of higher revenue in intel and cyber from classified programs, partially offset by $93 million of lower revenue from airborne businesses, reflecting the transition towards modernization programs. the funded backlog for this segment was $4.7 billion at december 31, 2021 compared with $4.6 billion at january 1, 2021.
segment operating income and operating income margin in fiscal 2021 were comparable with fiscal 2020.
the percentage of this segment's revenue that was derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 87% in fiscal 2021.
communication systems segment our cs segment includes tactical communications with global communications solutions; broadband communications; integrated vision solutions; and public safety radios, system applications and equipment. see "item 1: business" of this report for a description of the sectors in cs.
fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021:  the decrease in segment revenue in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to a $176 million decrease in broadband communications due to lower volume on legacy platforms and a $62 million decrease in integrated vision solutions primarily from program timing and lower sales volumes. such decreases were partially offset by a $139 million increase in tactical communications due to higher demand more than offsetting supply chain disruptions experienced during the first half of 2022 and a $34 million increase in public safety resulting from a continued market recovery. the funded backlog for this segment was $4.5 billion at december 30, 2022 compared with $3.7 billion at december 31, 2021.
the decreases in segment operating income and operating income margin in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 were primarily due to a non-cash charge for impairment of goodwill of $355 million recorded in our broadband reporting unit during fiscal 2022.
the percentage of this segment's revenue that was derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 63% in fiscal 2022.
fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:  the decrease in segment revenue in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 was primarily due to $29 million of lower revenue in tactical communications, reflecting product delivery delays from supply chain disruptions which were partially offset by the dod modernization program, $82 million of lower revenue in broadband communications, reflecting lower sales on legacy unmanned platforms and modestly lower revenue in public safety, partially offset by modestly higher revenue in integrated vision solutions. the funded backlog for this segment was $3.7 billion at december 31, 2021 compared with $3.3 billion at january 1, 2021.
the increase in segment operating income in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 was primarily due to e3 performance and integration benefits, partially offset by supply chain disruptions and higher r&d investments. operating income margin in fiscal 2021 was comparable with fiscal 2020.
the percentage of this segment's revenue that was derived from sales to u.s. government customers, including foreign military sales funded through the u.s. government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was 68% in fiscal 2021.
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles(2)                                       (605)                            (627)                    (4          %)                     (709)                    (12         %)
l3harris merger-related integration expenses                                              (90)                            (134)                    (33         %)                     (140)                    (4          %)
acquisition-related transaction and integration expenses                                   (9)                                -                    *                                      -                    *
pre-acquisition and other divestiture-related expenses                                    (63)                             (71)                    (11         %)                        10                    *
additional cost of sales related to fair value step-up in inventory sold                     -                                -                    *                                   (31)                    *
business divestiture-related gains (losses), net                                             -                              220                    *                                   (51)                    *
impairment of goodwill and other assets(3)                                                   -                            (125)                    *                                  (132)                    (5          %)
charges for severance and other termination costs                                         (29)                                -                    *                                      -                    *
charges related to an additional pre-merger legal contingency                             (31)                                -                    *                                      -                    *
(1)includes certain corporate-level expenses that are not included in management's evaluation of segment operating performance. for fiscal 2022, also includes $29 million of income from our deferred compensation plans and $13 million of income from ghg emission reduction projects.
(2)includes amortization of identifiable intangible assets acquired in connection with business combinations. because our acquisitions benefit the entire company as opposed to any individual segment, the amortization of identifiable intangible assets acquired was not allocated to any segment.
(3)for fiscal 2021, includes: (i) a $62 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to our cps business and (ii) a $63 million non-cash intangible asset impairment charge related to our cts reporting unit. for fiscal 2020, includes: (i) a $113 million non-cash intangible asset impairment charge related to our commercial aviation solutions reporting unit and (ii) a $14 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to the then-potential divestiture of vse disposal group, as well as a $5 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to the divestiture of the applied kilovolts business. see note 9: goodwill and note 10: intangible assets in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(4)represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension and other postretirement benefits ("opeb") income and total cas pension and opeb cost and replaces the "pension adjustment" line item previously presented, which included the non-service components of fas pension and opeb income. see fas/cas operating adjustment table in note 24: business segments in the notes for additional information regarding fas/cas pension adjustments.
liquidity, capital resources and financial strategies cash flows fiscal year ended
operating activities:
changes in working capital                                                   (196)                                (63)                               (119)
net cash provided by operating activities                                   $2,158                              $2,687                              $2,790
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                          (250)                               1,394                                 751
net cash used in financing activities                                      (1,951)                             (4,413)                             (3,112)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                  (18)                                 (3)                                  23
net cash provided by operating activities: the $529 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in net income, excluding the impact of non-cash items, a $133 million increase in cash used to fund working capital, which primarily related to the change in accounts receivable, contract assets and liabilities, inventories and accounts payable from the timing of contractual billing milestones and delivery of products and a $123 million increase in cash payments for sundry taxes including sales and use, property and payroll related tax obligations.
cash flow from operations was positive in all of our business segments in fiscal 2022.
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities: the $1,644 million increase in net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to a $1,724 million decrease in net proceeds from the sales of businesses and a $33 million increase in cash used for equity investments, partially offset by a $90 million decrease in net cash used for additions of property, plant and equipment in fiscal 2022.
net cash used in financing activities: the $2,462 million decrease in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 was primarily due to a $2,592 million decrease in cash used to repurchase our common stock, partially offset by a $47 million increase in cash used to pay dividends, a $40 million increase in cash used to pay tax withholding associated with vested share-based awards and a $40 million decrease in proceeds from exercises of employee stock options.
cash and cash equivalents we ended fiscal 2022 with cash and cash equivalents of $880 million and have a senior unsecured $2.0 billion revolving credit facility that expires in july 2027 (all of which was available to us as of december 30, 2022). as of december 30, 2022, $309 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries, a significant portion of which we believe can be repatriated to the u.s. with minimal tax cost.
capital structure and resources we had $7.0 billion of long-term debt, net, including the current portion of long-term debt, net and financing lease obligations, outstanding at december 30, 2022, the majority of which we incurred in connection with merger and acquisition activity. for further information regarding our long-term debt, see note 13: debt in the notes.
2022 credit agreement. we have a $2.0 billion, 5-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "2022 credit facility") under a revolving credit agreement (the "2022 credit agreement") entered into on july 29, 2022 with a syndicate of lenders, which the lenders may agree to increase by up to $1.0 billion upon our request. the description of the 2022 credit facility and the 2022 credit agreement set forth in note 12: credit arrangements in the notes is incorporated herein by reference.
we were in compliance with the covenants in the 2022 credit agreement at december 30, 2022, including the covenant requiring that we not permit our ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to total capital to be greater than 0.65 to 1.00, as defined in the 2022 credit agreement. at december 30, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under the 2022 credit agreement.
ajrd acquisition. as disclosed in "item 1. business - general," on december 17, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ajrd, as described in "pending acquisition of ajrd" above. if the transaction is completed, we expect to fund the approximately $4.7 billion purchase price primarily through debt financing.
short-term debt. our short-term debt was $2 million at december 30, 2022, consisting of local borrowing by international subsidiaries for working capital needs. our commercial paper program was supported by the 2022 credit facility and our prior $2.0 billion, 5-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility established in june 2019 (the "2019 credit facility") during fiscal 2022. see note 12: credit arrangements in the notes for additional information regarding credit arrangements.
long-term variable-rate debt. the description of our long-term variable-rate debt set forth in note 13: debt in the notes is incorporated herein by reference. on november 22, 2022, we established a new $2.25 billion, three-year senior unsecured term loan facility by entering into a loan agreement with a syndicate of lenders. the purpose of the loan is to finance the $1.96 billion acquisition of the tdl product line and the repayment of the $250 million floating rate notes due march 2023 ("floating rate notes 2023"). during the first quarter of 2023, the floating rate notes due march 2023 will be repaid and refinanced as long-term debt through the term loan 2025; therefore, the floating rate notes due march 2023 have been classified as long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 30, 2022.
long-term fixed-rate debt. the description of our long-term fixed-rate debt set forth in note 13: debt in the notes is incorporated herein by reference. we anticipate either repaying using cash from operating activities or refinancing our $800 million, 3.85% fixed-rate debt note, which will mature on june 15, 2023.
receivable sales agreements. we have two receivable sales agreements ("rsas") with two separate third-party financial institutions that permit us to sell, on a non-recourse basis, up to an aggregate of $100 million of outstanding receivables at any given time. from time to time, we have sold certain customer receivables under the rsas, which we continue to service and collect on behalf of the third-party financial institution and we account for as sales of receivables with sale proceeds included in net cash from operating activities. we did not have outstanding receivables sold pursuant to rsas at december 30, 2022.
given our current cash position, outlook for funds generated from operations, credit ratings, available credit facilities, cash needs and debt structure, we have not experienced to date, and do not expect to experience, any material issues for the next 12 months and in the longer term with liquidity, although we can give no assurances concerning our future liquidity, particularly in light of our overall level of debt, u.s. government budget uncertainties and the state of global commerce and general political and financial uncertainty. additionally, provisions in the tcja require that, beginning in 2022, research and experimental expenditures be capitalized and amortized over five years. in the future, congress may consider legislation that would defer the amortization requirement to later years, possibly with retroactive effect. in the meantime, we will continue to make additional federal tax payments based on the current tax law. the impact of this tax law on our cash from operations depends on the amount of research and experimental expenditures incurred and whether the internal revenue service ("irs") issues guidance on the provision which differs from our current interpretation, among other things.
based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing cash, funds generated from operations, our senior unsecured credit facility, our senior unsecured term loan and access to the public and private debt and equity markets will be sufficient to provide for our anticipated working capital requirements, capital expenditures, dividend payments, repurchases under our share repurchase program, the purchase of the tdl product line, pending acquisition of ajrd and repayments of our debt securities at maturity for the next twelve months and the reasonably foreseeable future thereafter. our total capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 are expected to be approximately $275 million. we anticipate tax payments for fiscal 2023 to be approximately equal to or marginally less than our tax expense for the same period, excluding the impact of r&d capitalization and subject to adjustment for timing differences. for additional information regarding our income taxes, see note 22: income taxes in the notes. other than operating expenses, cash requirements for fiscal 2023 are expected to consist primarily of capital expenditures, r&d payments, dividend payments, repurchases under our share repurchase program and expenditures for the purchase of the tdl product line and the pending acquisition of ajrd.
current and long-term material cash requirements at december 30, 2022 are as follows:
(in millions)                                           total                 within 1 year long-term debt(1)                                  $6,998                       $814
operating and finance lease commitments             1,238                        156
minimum pension contributions(4)                       23                         23
(1)during the first quarter of 2023, the floating rate notes due march 2023 will be repaid and refinanced as long-term debt through the term loan 2025; therefore, the floating rate notes due march 2023 have been classified as long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 30, 2022 and accordingly are not included in the payment due within 1 year.
(3)the purchase obligations of $5.4 billion included $629 million of purchase obligations related to cost-plus type contracts where our costs are fully reimbursable.
(4)amount includes fiscal 2022 minimum contributions to non-u.s. pension plans. contributions beyond fiscal 2022 have not been determined. as a result of voluntary contributions made to our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans during the two quarters ended january 3, 2020, fiscal 2018 and 2017, we made no material contributions to our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans in fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020 and are not required to make any contributions to these plans during fiscal 2023.
(5)the above table does not include unrecognized tax benefits of $613 million.
there can be no assurance that our business will continue to generate cash flows at current levels or that the cost or availability of future borrowings, if any, under our commercial paper program, or our credit facility or term loan or in the debt markets will not be impacted by any potential future credit or capital markets disruptions. if we are unable to maintain cash balances, generate cash flow from operations or borrow under our commercial paper program, our credit facility or term loan sufficient to service our obligations, we may be required to reduce capital expenditures, reduce or eliminate strategic acquisitions, reduce or terminate our share repurchases, reduce or eliminate dividends, refinance all or a portion of our existing debt, obtain additional financing or sell assets. our ability to make principal payments or pay interest on or refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance and financial results, which, to a certain extent, are subject to general conditions affecting the defense, government and other markets we serve and to general economic, political, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors beyond our control.
funding of pension plans funding requirements under applicable laws and regulations are a major consideration in making contributions to our u.s. pension plans. although we have significant discretion in making voluntary contributions, the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended by the pension protection act of 2006 and further amended by the worker, retiree and employer recovery act of 2008, the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act ("map-21"), and applicable internal revenue code regulations, mandate minimum funding thresholds. the highway and transportation funding act of 2014, the bipartisan budget act of 2015, the american rescue plan act of 2021 and the infrastructure investment and jobs act further extended the interest rate stabilization provision of map-21. failure to satisfy the minimum funding thresholds could result in restrictions on our ability to amend the plans or make benefit payments. with respect to our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans, we intend to contribute annually no less than the required minimum funding thresholds. as a result of prior voluntary contributions and plan performance, we were not required to make any contributions to our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans in fiscal 2022 and are not required to make any contributions in fiscal 2023 or for several years thereafter.
future required contributions primarily will depend on the actual annual return on assets and the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation at the end of each year. depending on these factors, and the resulting funded status of our pension plans, the level of future statutory required minimum contributions could be material. we had net unfunded defined benefit plan obligations of $69 million as of december 30, 2022 compared with $431 million as of december 31, 2021. the decrease in the unfunded status as of december 30, 2022 is primarily due to decreased pension obligations from higher discount rates, partially offset by decreased plan assets from lower market returns. see note 14: pension and other postretirement benefits in the notes for further information regarding our pension plans.
fiscal 2021, we repurchased 17.1 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program for $3.7 billion at an average price per share of $215.30, including commissions of $0.02 per share. during fiscal 2022 and 2021, $45 million and $5 million, respectively, in shares of our common stock were delivered to us or withheld by us to satisfy withholding taxes on employee share-based awards. shares repurchased by us are cancelled and retired.
on january 28, 2021, we announced that our board of directors approved a new $6.0 billion share repurchase authorization under our repurchase program that was in addition to the remaining unused authorization of $210 million at january 1, 2021, under our prior share repurchase programs, for a total unused authorization of $6.2 billion. on october 21, 2022, we announced that our board of directors approved an additional $3.0 billion share repurchase authorization. our repurchase program does not have a stated expiration date and authorizes us to repurchase shares of our common stock through open market purchases, private transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions or any combination thereof. at december 30, 2022, we had a remaining unused authorization under our repurchase program of $4.5 billion. we have announced that share repurchases will be moderated in the near-term, but the level and timing of our repurchases depends on a number of factors, including our financial condition, capital requirements, cash flows, results of operations, future business prospects and other factors our board of directors or management may deem relevant. the level and timing of our repurchases depends on a number of factors, including our financial condition, capital requirements, cash flows, results of operations, future business prospects and other factors our board and management may deem relevant. the timing, volume and nature of repurchases are subject to market conditions, applicable securities laws and other factors and are at our discretion and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. additional information regarding our repurchase program is set forth above under "item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this report.
dividends on february 24, 2023, we announced that our board of directors increased the quarterly per share cash dividend rate on our common stock from $1.12 to $1.14, commencing with the dividend declared by our board of directors for the first quarter of fiscal 2023, for an annualized per share cash dividend rate of $4.56, which was our twenty-second consecutive annual increase in our quarterly cash dividend rate. our annualized per share cash dividend rate was $4.48 in fiscal 2022, $4.08 in fiscal 2021 and $3.40 in fiscal 2020. quarterly cash dividends are typically paid in march, june, september and december. additional information concerning our dividends is set forth above under "item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this report.
commercial commitments we have entered into commercial commitments in the normal course of business including surety bonds, standby letter of credit agreements and other arrangements with financial institutions and customers primarily relating to the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts to provide products and services to customers or to obtain insurance policies with our insurance carriers. at december 30, 2022, we had commercial commitments on outstanding surety bonds, standby letters of credit and other arrangements, as follows:
(in millions)                                   commercial commitment total                  commitments expiring within
1 year surety bonds used for:
performance                                                 520                                          387
standby letters of credit used for:
performance                                                 320                                          174
total commitments                                        $1,252                                         $839
the surety bonds and standby letters of credit used for performance are primarily related to our public safety business sector. as is customary in bidding for and completing network infrastructure projects for public safety systems, contractors are required to procure surety bonds and/or standby letters of credit for bids, performance, warranty and other purposes (collectively, "performance bonds"). such performance bonds normally have
maturities of up to three years and are standard in the industry as a way to provide customers a mechanism to seek redress if a contractor does not satisfy performance requirements under a contract. typically, a customer is permitted to draw on a performance bond if we do not fulfill all terms of a project contract. in such an event, we would be obligated to reimburse the financial institution that issued the performance bond for the amounts paid. it has been rare for our public safety business sector to have a performance bond drawn upon. in addition, pursuant to the terms under which we procure performance bonds, if our credit ratings are lowered to below "investment grade," we may be required to provide collateral to support a portion of the outstanding amount of performance bonds. such a downgrade could increase the cost of the issuance of performance bonds and could make it more difficult to procure performance bonds, which would adversely impact our ability to compete for contract awards. such collateral requirements could also result in less liquidity for other operational needs or corporate purposes. in addition, any future disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in financial and insurance markets could also adversely affect our ability to obtain performance bonds and may result in higher funding costs.
financial risk management in the normal course of business, we are exposed to risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. we employ established policies and procedures governing the use of financial instruments to manage our exposure to such risks.
foreign exchange and currency. our u.s. and foreign businesses enter into contracts with customers, subcontractors or vendors that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of such businesses. we use foreign currency forward contracts and options to hedge both balance sheet and off-balance sheet future foreign currency commitments. factors that could impact the effectiveness of our hedging programs for foreign currency include accuracy of sales estimates, volatility of currency markets and the cost and availability of hedging instruments. a 10% change in currency exchange rates for our foreign currency derivatives held at december 30, 2022 would not have had a material impact on the fair value of such instruments or our results of operations or cash flows. this quantification of exposure to the market risk associated with foreign currency financial instruments does not take into account the offsetting impact of changes in the fair value of our foreign denominated assets, liabilities and firm commitments. see note 19: derivative instruments and hedging activities in the notes for additional information.
interest rates. as of december 30, 2022, we had long-term variable-rate and fixed-rate debt obligations. the fair value of these obligations is impacted by changes in interest rates; however, a 10% change in interest rates for our long-term variable-rate and fixed-rate debt obligations at december 30, 2022 would not have had a material impact on the fair value of these obligations. there is no interest-rate risk associated with long-term fixed-rate debt obligations on our results of operations and cash flows unless existing obligations are refinanced upon maturity at then-current interest rates, because the interest rates are fixed until maturity, and because our long-term fixed-rate debt is not puttable to us (i.e., not required to be redeemed by us prior to maturity). we anticipate mitigating interest rate risk associated with variable-rate debt under the term loan 2025 through hedging activities (see note 19: derivative instruments and hedging activities in the notes for additional information). we can give no assurances, however, that interest rates will not change significantly or have a material effect on the fair value of our long-term variable-rate and fixed-rate debt obligations over the next twelve months. see note 13: debt in the notes for information regarding the maturities of our long-term variable-rate and fixed-rate debt obligations.
we use derivative instruments from time to time to manage our exposure to interest rate risk. if the derivative instrument is designated as a cash flow hedge, gains and losses from changes in the fair value of such instrument are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss ("aoci") and reclassified to interest expense in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. see note 19: derivative instruments and hedging activities in the notes for additional information.
at december 30, 2022, we had no outstanding treasury lock agreements ("treasury locks"). in connection with the l3harris merger, we assumed two treasury locks that had been initiated in january 2019 to hedge against fluctuations in interest payments due to changes in the benchmark interest rate (10-year u.s. treasury rate) associated with the anticipated issuance of debt to redeem or repay $650 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.95% notes due february 15, 2021 ("4.95% 2021 notes"). these treasury locks were terminated as planned in connection with the issuance of $650 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.80% notes due january 15, 2031 (the "1.80% 2031 notes") during the fourth quarter of 2020, and because interest rates decreased during the period of the treasury locks, we made a $113 million cash payment to our counterparty and recorded an after-tax loss of $58 million in the "accumulated other comprehensive loss" line item of our consolidated balance sheet. the aoci balance will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the 1.80% 2031 notes. we classified the cash outflow from the termination of these treasury locks as cash used in financing activities in our consolidated
statement of cash flows. see note 19: derivative instruments and hedging activities in the notes for additional information.
at december 30, 2022, we had long-term variable-rate debt obligations of $250 million due march 10, 2023, which we intend to refinance under the term loan 2025, which was established during 2022. these debt obligations bear interest that is variable based on certain short-term indices, thus exposing us to interest-rate risk; however, a 10% change in interest rates for these debt obligations at december 30, 2022 would not have had a material impact on our results of operations or cash flows. see note 13: debt in the notes for further information.
we have also used short-term variable-rate debt borrowings, primarily under our commercial paper program, which are subject to interest rate risk. we utilize our commercial paper program to satisfy short-term cash requirements, including bridge financing for strategic acquisitions until longer-term financing arrangements are put in place, temporarily funding repurchases under our share repurchase programs and temporarily funding redemption of long-term debt. the interest rate risk associated with such debt on our results of operations and cash flows is not material due to its temporary nature.
impact of foreign exchange in fiscal 2022, 43% of our international business was transacted in local currency environments compared with 40% in fiscal 2021 and 32% in fiscal 2020. the impact of translating the assets and liabilities of these operations to u.s. dollars is included as a component of shareholders' equity. as of december 30, 2022, the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment included in shareholders' equity was a $237 million loss compared with a $118 million loss at december 31, 2021. we utilize foreign currency hedging instruments to minimize the currency risk of international transactions. gains and losses resulting from currency rate fluctuations did not have a material effect on our results in fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020.
impact of inflation the macroeconomic environment continues to experience challenges, including historically high rates of inflation. these macroeconomic factors have contributed, and we expect will continue to contribute, to increased material and labor input costs, among other impacts. to the extent feasible, we have consistently followed the practice of adjusting our prices to reflect the impact of inflation on salaries and fringe benefits for employees and the cost of purchased materials and services. however, our fixed-price contracts could subject us to losses in the event of persistent elevated levels of inflation. see "item 1a. risk factors" of this report for more information regarding the risk of inflation to our business. we believe current inflation levels will be persistent in 2023.
critical accounting estimates preparation of this report in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and backlog as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. while the following is not intended to be a comprehensive list of our accounting estimates, we consider the estimates discussed below as critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on our judgment, with financial reporting results dependent on estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. specific risks for these critical accounting estimates are described in the following paragraphs. the impact and any associated risks related to these estimates on our business operations are discussed throughout this md&a where such estimates affect our reported and expected financial results. senior management has discussed the development and selection of the critical accounting estimates and the related disclosure included herein with the audit committee of our board of directors. actual results may differ from those estimates.
besides estimates that meet the "critical" accounting estimate criteria, we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. all estimates, whether or not deemed "critical," affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. estimates are based on experience and other information available prior to the issuance of the financial statements. materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known, including for estimates that we do not deem "critical."
revenue recognition a significant portion of our business is derived from development and production contracts. revenue and profit related to development and production contracts are generally recognized over time, typically using the percentage of completion ("poc") cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition, whereby we measure our progress towards completion of the performance obligation based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to estimated costs at completion under the contract. because costs incurred represent work performed, we believe this method best depicts the transfer of control of the asset to the customer. under the poc cost-to-cost method of revenue
recognition, a single estimated profit margin is used to recognize profit for each performance obligation over its period of performance. recognition of profit on a contract requires estimates of the total cost at completion and transaction price and the measurement of progress towards completion. due to the long-term nature of many of our contracts, developing the estimated total cost at completion and total transaction price often requires judgment. factors that must be considered in estimating the cost of the work to be completed include: the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, subcontractor performance, the cost and availability of purchased materials and services, labor cost and availability and the risk and impact of delayed performance. factors that must be considered in estimating the total transaction price include contractual cost or performance incentives (such as incentive fees, award fees and penalties) and other forms of variable consideration as well as our historical experience and our expectation for performance on the contract. these variable amounts generally are awarded upon achievement of certain negotiated performance metrics, program milestones or cost targets and can be based upon customer discretion. we include such estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.
at the outset of each contract, we gauge its complexity and perceived risks and establish an estimated total cost at completion in line with these expectations. after establishing the estimated total cost at completion, we follow a standard eac process in which we review the progress and performance on our ongoing contracts at least quarterly and, in many cases, more frequently. if we successfully retire risks associated with the technical, schedule and cost aspects of a contract, we may lower our estimated total cost at completion commensurate with the retirement of these risks. conversely, if we are not successful in retiring these risks, we may increase our estimated total cost at completion. additionally, as the contract progresses, our estimates of total transaction price may increase or decrease if, for example, we receive award fees that are higher or lower than expected. when adjustments in estimated total costs at completion or in estimated total transaction price are determined, the related impact on operating income is recognized using the cumulative catch-up method, which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of such adjustments for all prior periods. any anticipated losses on these contracts are fully recognized in the period in which the losses become evident.
eac adjustments had the following impacts to operating income for the periods presented:
there were no individual impacts to operating income due to eac adjustments in fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020 that were material to our results of operations on a consolidated or segment basis for such periods.
we recognize revenue from numerous contracts with multiple performance obligations. for these contracts, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price of the good or service underlying each performance obligation. the standalone selling price represents the amount for which we would sell the good or service to a customer on a standalone basis (i.e., not sold as a bundled sale with any other products or services). the allocation of transaction price among separate performance obligations may impact the timing of revenue recognition but will not change the total revenue recognized on the contract.
a substantial majority of our revenue is derived from contracts with the u.s. government, including foreign military sales contracts. these contracts are subject to the far and the prices of our contract deliverables are typically based on our estimated or actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. as a result, the standalone selling prices of the goods and services in these contracts are typically equal to the selling prices stated in the contract, thereby eliminating the need to allocate (or reallocate) the transaction price to the multiple performance obligations. in our non-u.s. government contracts, when standalone selling prices are not directly observable, we also generally use the expected cost plus margin approach to determine standalone selling price. in determining the appropriate margin under the cost plus margin approach, we consider historical margins on similar products sold to similar customers or within similar geographies where objective evidence is available. we may also consider our cost structure and profit objectives, the nature of the proposal, the effects of customization of pricing, our practices used to establish pricing of bundled products, the expected technological life of the product, margins earned on similar contracts with different customers and other factors to determine the appropriate margin.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans certain of our current and former employees participate in defined benefit plans in the united states, canada, united kingdom and germany, which are sponsored by l3harris. the determination of projected benefit obligations ("pbo") and the recognition of expenses related to defined benefit plans are dependent on various assumptions. these major assumptions primarily relate to discount rates, long-term expected rates of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality, termination and other factors (some of which are disclosed in note 14: pension and other postretirement benefits in the notes). actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and generally amortized for each plan to the extent required over the estimated future life expectancy or, if applicable, the future working lifetime of the plan's active participants.
significant assumptions. we develop assumptions using relevant experience, in conjunction with market-related data for each plan. assumptions are reviewed annually with third party consultants and adjusted as appropriate. the table included below provides the weighted average assumptions used to estimate the pbos and net periodic benefit cost as they pertain to our defined benefit pension plans.
cash balance interest crediting rate                               4.00%                   3.50%
cost assumptions for fiscal periods ended:             december 30, 2022       december 31, 2021
expected return on plan assets                                     7.44%                   7.43%
cash balance interest crediting rate                               3.50%                   3.50%
key assumptions for the aviation products pension plan (our largest defined benefit plan, with 87% of the total pbo as of december 30, 2022) included a discount rate for obligation assumptions of 5.19%, a cash balance interest crediting rate of 4.00% and expected return on plan assets of 7.50% for fiscal 2022, which is being maintained at 7.50% for fiscal 2023. there is also a frozen pension equity benefit that assumes a 3.75% interest crediting rate.
expected return on plan assets. substantially all of our plan assets are managed on a commingled basis in a master investment trust. we determine our expected return on plan assets by evaluating both historical returns and estimates of future returns. specifically, we consider the plan's actual historical annual return on assets over the past 15, 20 and 25 years and historical broad market returns over long-term time frames based on our strategic allocation, which is detailed in note 14: pension and other postretirement benefits in the notes. future returns are based on independent estimates of long-term asset class returns. based on this approach, the weighted average long-term annual rate of return on assets was estimated to be 7.44% for both fiscal 2022 and 2023.
discount rate. the discount rate is used to calculate the present value of expected future benefit payments at the measurement date. an increase in the discount rate decreases the present value of benefit obligations and generally increases pension expense. a decrease in the discount rate increases the present value of the pbo and generally decreases pension expense. the discount rate assumption is based on current investment yields of high-quality fixed income investments during the retirement benefits maturity period. the pension discount rate is determined by considering an interest rate yield curve comprising aaa/aa bonds, with maturities between zero and thirty years, developed by the plan's actuaries. annual benefit payments are then discounted to present value using this yield curve to develop a single discount rate matching the plan's characteristics.
sensitivity analysis pension expense. a 25 basis point change in the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate would have the following effect on the combined u.s. defined benefit pension plans' pension expense for the next twelve months:
(in millions)                                                                          25 basis                            25 basis point increase                      point decrease long-term rate of return on assets used to determine net periodic benefit cost         $(19)                               $19
discount rate used to determine net periodic benefit cost                              $5                                  $(7)
pbo. funded status is derived by subtracting the respective year-end values of the pbo from the fair value of plan assets. the sensitivity of the pbo to changes in the discount rate varies depending on the magnitude and direction of the change in the discount rate. we estimate that a decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate of the combined u.s. defined benefit pension plans would increase the pbo by approximately $171 million and an increase of 25 basis points would decrease the pbo by approximately $164 million.
fair value of plan assets. the plan assets of our defined benefit plans comprise a broad range of investments, including domestic and international equity securities, fixed income investments, interests in private equity and hedge funds and cash and cash equivalents.
a portion of our defined benefit plans' asset portfolio is comprised of investments in private equity and hedge funds. the private equity and hedge fund investments are generally measured using the valuation of the underlying investments or at net asset value ("nav"). however, in certain instances, the values reported by the asset managers were not current at the measurement date. consequently, we have estimated adjustments to the last reported value where necessary to measure the assets at fair value at the measurement date. these adjustments consider information received from the asset managers, as well as general market information. asset values for other positions were generally measured using market observable prices. see note 14: pension and other postretirement benefits in the notes for further information.
goodwill we test our goodwill for impairment annually as of the first day of our fourth fiscal quarter, which was october 1, 2022 for fiscal 2022, or under certain circumstances more frequently, such as when events or circumstances indicate there may be impairment or when we reorganize our reporting structure such that the composition of one or more of our reporting units is affected. we test goodwill for impairment at a level within the company referred to as the reporting unit, which is our business segment level or one level below the business segment. some of our segments are comprised of several reporting units. allocation of goodwill to several reporting units could make it more likely that we will have an impairment charge in the future. an impairment charge to any one of our reporting units could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. to test goodwill for impairment, we may perform both qualitative and quantitative assessments. if we elect to perform a qualitative assessment for a certain reporting unit, we evaluate events and circumstances impacting the reporting unit to determine the probability that goodwill is impaired. if we determine it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative assessment.
our qualitative assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industry-specific and company-specific factors. these factors include: (i) deterioration in the general economy; (ii) deterioration in the environment in which the company operates; (iii) increase in materials, labor or other costs; (iv) negative or declining cash flows; (v) changes in management, changes in strategy or significant litigation; (vi) change in the composition or carrying amount of net assets or an expectation of disposing all or a portion of the reporting unit; or (vii) a sustained decrease in share price.
if we perform a quantitative assessment for a certain reporting unit, we calculate the fair value of that reporting unit and compare the fair value to the reporting unit's net book value. we estimate fair values of our reporting units based on projected cash flows, and sales and/or earnings multiples applied to the latest twelve months' sales and earnings of our reporting units. projected cash flows are based on our best estimate of future sales, operating costs and balance sheet metrics reflecting our view of the financial and market conditions of the underlying business; and the resulting cash flows are discounted using an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk in the forecasted cash flows. the sales and earnings multiples applied to the sales and earnings of our reporting units are based on current multiples of sales and earnings for similar businesses, and based on sales and earnings multiples paid for recent acquisitions of similar businesses made in the marketplace. we then assess whether any implied control premium, based on a comparison of fair value based purely on our stock price and outstanding shares with fair value
determined by using all of the above-described models, is reasonable. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
fiscal 2022 impairment tests. we performed our annual impairment test of all of our reporting units' goodwill as of october 1, 2022 and concluded that for each of our reporting units no impairment existed.
segment reorganization. we implemented a new organizational structure effective january 1, 2022, resulting in changes to our operating segments, which are also our reportable segments and are referred to as our business segments. as a result of the segment reorganization, we realigned our reporting units, and immediately before and after our goodwill assignments, we completed an assessment of any potential goodwill impairment under our former and new reporting unit structure and determined that no impairment existed.
precision engagement business allocation and impairment. during the quarter ended september 30, 2022, we realigned our precision engagement business from our adg reporting unit to our electro optical reporting unit. in connection with the realignment, we transferred $325 million of goodwill associated with the precision engagement business to our electro optical reporting unit on a relative fair value basis. immediately before and after the reassignment, we tested goodwill assigned to each reporting unit. as a result of these tests, concurrently with the preparation of our financial statements for the quarter ended september 30, 2022, we concluded that goodwill related to our adg reporting unit was impaired immediately before the reassignment and recorded a non-cash charge of $313 million for the impairment in the "impairment of goodwill and other assets" line item in our consolidated statement of operations. the impairment of goodwill was due to lower sales volume in our precision engagement business, reflecting u.s. government spending priorities with respect to precision weapons, and higher interest rates. we prepared an estimate of the fair value of our precision engagement business utilizing a combination of market-based valuation techniques, utilizing quoted market prices, comparable publicly reported transactions and projected discounted cash flows.
broadband, electro optical and adg interim tests. indications of potential impairment of goodwill related to our broadband, electro optical and adg reporting units were present as of september 30, 2022. consequently, in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the quarter ended september 30, 2022, we performed interim tests of each of these reporting units utilizing a combination of market-based valuation techniques, including quoted market prices and comparable publicly reported transactions, and projected discounted cash flows. we determined that goodwill related our broadband and electro optical reporting units was impaired and goodwill related to our adg reporting unit was not impaired. as a result, we recorded $489 million of non-cash charges for the impairment of goodwill ($355 million and $134 million for broadband and electro optical, respectively) in the "impairment of goodwill and other assets" line item in our consolidated statement of operations. the impairment of goodwill related to our electro optical reporting unit was due to persistently lower demand and associated decrease in our outlook for the precision engagement business, and an increase in interest rates. the impairment of goodwill related to our broadband reporting unit was due to lower volume on legacy platforms, which also resulted in a decrease in our outlook for the reporting unit, and an increase in interest rates.
at-risk goodwill. because the carrying values of our electro optical, broadband and adg reporting units equaled their fair values immediately after the non-cash impairment charges recorded during the quarter ended september 30, 2022, goodwill associated with these reporting units remains at increased risk of impairment. the carrying value of goodwill associated with our electro optical, broadband and adg reporting units was $2,192 million, $1,539 million and $327 million, respectively. additionally, our isr and commercial avionics reporting units had clearances of approximately 15% based on the annual impairment testing and had goodwill of $3,186 million and $776 million, respectively. an impairment of goodwill could result from a number of circumstances, including different assumptions used in determining the fair value of the reporting units; changes to u.s. government spending priorities or ability to win competitively awarded contracts; the rescission of significant contract awards as a result of competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to us; or an increase in interest rates without a corresponding increase in future revenue.
goodwill-related fair value estimates. fair value determinations described above under the heading "goodwill" in this critical accounting estimates section of this md&a were determined based on a combination of market-based valuation techniques, utilizing quoted market prices, comparable publicly reported transactions, and projected discounted cash flows. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. material changes in these estimates could occur and result in additional impairments in future periods. for example, if the discount rate used for our impairment analysis' performed in the quarter ended september 30, 2022 was increased by 25 basis points, the total impairment would have increased by approximately $200 million.
business disposal group goodwill allocation. as described in more detail in note 4: business divestitures and asset sales in the notes, during fiscal 2022, we determined the criteria to be classified as held for sale were met for the space & navigation business and the vis business. because the divestiture of these businesses represented the disposal of a portion of a reporting unit we assigned goodwill to the businesses on a relative fair value basis. for purposes of allocating goodwill to the businesses, we determined the fair value of each disposal group based on the respective negotiated selling price (or estimated net cash proceeds, in the case of no negotiated selling price), and the fair value of the retained businesses of the respective reporting unit based on a combination of market-based valuation techniques, utilizing quoted market prices, comparable publicly reported transactions and projected discounted cash flows. these fair value determinations are categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to their use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. see note 1: significant accounting policies in the notes for additional information regarding the fair value hierarchy.
in conjunction with the relative fair value allocation, we tested goodwill assigned to each of the disposal group businesses below and goodwill assigned to the retained businesses of their reporting units for impairment and concluded that no goodwill impairment existed at the time the held for sale criteria were met.
see note 4: business divestitures and asset sales and note 9: goodwill in the notes for additional information.
income taxes we record deferred tax assets and liabilities for differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and amounts reported in our consolidated balance sheet, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we follow very specific and detailed guidelines in each tax jurisdiction regarding the recoverability of any tax assets recorded on the balance sheet and provide necessary valuation allowances as required. future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the tax law. we regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. we have not made any material changes in the methodologies used to determine our tax valuation allowances during fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020.
our consolidated balance sheet as of december 30, 2022 included deferred tax assets of $73 million and deferred tax liabilities of $719 million. this compares with deferred tax assets of $85 million and deferred tax liabilities of $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2021. for all jurisdictions in which we have net deferred tax assets, we expect that our existing levels of pre-tax earnings are sufficient to generate the amount of future taxable income needed to realize these tax assets. our valuation allowance related to deferred income taxes, which is reflected in our consolidated balance sheet, was $243 million as of december 30, 2022 compared with $257 million as of december 31, 2021. although we make reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy of our deferred tax assets, if we continue to operate at a loss in certain jurisdictions, or are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, or if there is a material change in the actual effective tax rates or time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, or if the potential impact of tax planning strategies changes, we could be required to increase the valuation allowance against all or a significant portion of our deferred tax assets resulting in a substantial increase in our effective tax rate and a material adverse impact on our operating results.
the evaluation of tax positions taken in a filed tax return, or planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim, involves inherent uncertainty and requires the use of judgment. we evaluate our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based on our assessment of the facts and circumstances as of the reporting date. for tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be realized, we record the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% probability of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority, assuming the taxing authority has full knowledge of all relevant information. for income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be realized, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our consolidated financial statements.
as of december 30, 2022, we had $613 million of unrecognized tax benefits, of which $486 million would favorably impact our future tax rates in the event that the tax benefits are eventually recognized. as of december 31, 2021, we had $587 million of unrecognized tax benefits, of which $488 million would favorably impact our future tax rates in the event that the tax benefits are eventually recognized.
it is reasonably possible that there could be a significant decrease or increase to our unrecognized tax benefits during the course of the next twelve months as ongoing tax examinations continue, other tax examinations commence or various statutes of limitations expire. however, an estimate of the range of possible changes is not practicable for the remaining unrecognized tax benefits because of the significant number of jurisdictions in which
we do business and the number of open tax periods under various states of examination. see note 22: income taxes in the notes for additional information.
impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements there have been no new accounting pronouncements which became effective during fiscal 2022 that have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results the following are some of the factors we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results or our current expectations or projections. other factors besides those listed here also could adversely affect us. see "item 1a. risk factors" of this report for more information regarding factors that might cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this report.
•we depend on u.s. government customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of these relationships, a reduction in u.s. government funding or a change in u.s. government spending priorities could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
•we depend significantly on u.s. government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate termination and heavily regulated and audited. the termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
•the u.s. government's budget deficit and the national debt, as well as a breach of the debt ceiling, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
•we participate in markets that are often subject to uncertain economic conditions, which makes it difficult to estimate growth in our markets and, as a result, future income and expenditures.
•we cannot predict the consequences of future geo-political events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate, our ability to insure against risks, our operations or our profitability.
•we are subject to government investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
•we derive a significant portion of our revenue from international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
•disputes with our subcontractors or key suppliers, or their inability to perform or timely deliver our components, parts or services, could cause our products and/or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner.
•we could be negatively impacted by a security breach, through cyber-attack, cyber intrusion, insider threats or otherwise, or other significant disruption of our it networks and related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers.
•our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products and services and technologies that achieve market acceptance in our current and future markets.
•changes in estimates we use in accounting for many of our programs could adversely affect our future financial results and condition.
•our level of indebtedness and our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness and our unfunded defined benefit plans liability may materially adversely affect our financial and operating activities or our ability to incur additional debt.
•a downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business.
•the level of returns on defined benefit plan assets, changes in interest rates and other factors could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity in future periods.
•changes in our effective tax rate or additional tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
•we may not be successful in obtaining the necessary export licenses to conduct certain operations abroad, and congress may prevent proposed sales to certain foreign governments.
•unforeseen environmental issues, including regulations related to ghg emissions or change in customer sentiment related to environmental sustainability, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
•our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents or business partners.
•the outcome of litigation or arbitration in which we are involved from time to time is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
•we face certain significant risk exposures and potential liabilities that may not be covered adequately by insurance or indemnity.
•we are subject to risks relating to the pending acquisition of ajrd, and acquisition of ajrd cannot be guaranteed to close in the expected time frame or at all.
•challenges arising from the expanded operations from the acquisition of the tdl product line and the pending acquisition of ajrd may affect our future results.
•strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity.
•changes in future business or other market conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill or other long-term assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.