item 1a - risk factors we describe below certain risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business reputation or business prospects. these risk factors may change from time to time and may be amended, supplemented or superseded by updates to the risk factors contained in our future periodic reports on form 10-k, form 10-q and reports on other forms we file with the sec. all forward-looking statements about our future results of operations or other matters made by us in this annual report, in our annual report to lowe's shareholders and in our subsequently filed reports to the sec, as well as in our press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks described below.
you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8. there also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this annual report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. in connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the sec.
strategic, competitive, operational, and reputational risks we may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of strategic initiatives.
the home improvement retail environment, like the retail environment generally, is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success. our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. customers' expectations about how they wish to research, purchase, and receive products and services have also evolved. it is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand. as our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local tastes within each customer group is important to our ability to effectively meet customer expectations. there has also been an increase in customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of our products and operations. if we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers.
further, we have a store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. our capital investments in our stores may not deliver the relevant shopping experience our customers expect. we must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (known as "shrink"). higher rates of shrink, which we have experienced from time to time, can require operational changes that may increase costs.
failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, improve and maintain safe stores, and implement change, growth, productivity and other strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations.
we may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omnichannel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them.
our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. omnichannel and digital retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. we also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security, as well as the change of third party policies restricting data collection, use, and sharing.
the success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to, and will continue to require us to, deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. these initiatives have required, and will continue to require, new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to and will need to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. to the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these transformational changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access. failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. in addition, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. the market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment.
we have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our strategic initiatives effectively, or if they develop a substantially more effective or lower cost means of meeting customer needs, resulting in a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
we operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors. the principal competitive factors in our industry include location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, in-stock levels, customer service, and the evolution of technology and customer expectations. we face growing competition from online and omnichannel retailers who have a similar product or service offering. customers are increasingly able to quickly comparison shop and determine real-time product availability and price using digital tools. further, online and omnichannel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, as customers are increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times, including same-day and next-day fulfillment, low-price or free shipping, and convenient pick-up options, including curbside pick-up, in-store pick-up, and touchless lockers, and we must make investments to keep up with our customers' evolving shopping preferences. our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation, including our market-based delivery model. our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. moreover, changes in the promotional pricing and other practices of our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation activities, may impact our results.
if we fail to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates with expanded skill sets or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, we could lose sales to our competitors, and our labor costs, resulting from operations or the execution of corporate strategies, could be negatively affected.
our customers, whether they are homeowners, renters, or commercial businesses, expect our associates to be well trained and knowledgeable about the products we sell and the home improvement services we provide. we compete with other retailers for many of our associates, and we are experiencing a competitive labor market. wages are increasing across the united states, and competitors are offering higher compensation than before due to labor market conditions. many associates are in entry-level or part-time roles with historically high turnover rates, which has led to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. increasingly, our sales associates must have expanded skill sets. we need to attract and retain a diverse workforce that can deliver relevant, culturally competent, and differentiated experiences for a wide variety of culturally diverse customers. additionally, in order to deliver on the omnichannel expectations of our customers, we rely on the specialized training and capabilities of corporate support staff, which are broadly sought after by our competitors. further, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success. if we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates and specialists, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected.
furthermore, our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics and the adoption of new or revised legislation or regulations governing immigration, employment, labor relations, minimum wage, health care benefits and family and medical leave. due to growing competition among potential employers, we may also be subject to continued upward pressure on associate wages and employer-provided benefits, which in turn would increase labor costs. additionally, we are subject to labor organizing efforts from time to time, and if we become subject to collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could affect how we operate our business. also, our response to any organizing efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. in addition to our united states operations, we have support offices in india and china, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and, if our public image and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, vendors, associates, and shareholders, and consequently, our business and results of operations.
our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at lowe's, our vendors want to do business with lowe's, and our associates want to work for lowe's. we must continue to manage, preserve and grow lowe's public image and reputation. lowe's actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation. in addition, failure to meet our stated environmental and social goals, and consumer and shareholder concerns about our environmental and social practices are potential sources of reputational risk. in addition, vendors and others with whom we do business may affect our reputation. any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers' confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our relationships with current and future vendors, impact our results of operations, affect our ability to recruit, retain, and engage our associates, and attract regulatory scrutiny. the significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents.
additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. we may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. if we are unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected.
failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition.
product and service quality issues could result in a negative impact on customer confidence in lowe's and our brand image. if our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks. as a result, lowe's reputation as a retailer of high-quality products and services, including both national and lowe's private brands, could suffer and impact customer loyalty. additionally, we and our customers have expectations on responsible sourcing and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. under our vendor code of conduct, our vendors are required to meet our expectations across multiple areas of compliance, including health and safety, environmental standards, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor. where appropriate, we request that our vendors provide additional documentation proving their compliance in these areas. if we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase. actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns or vendor non-compliance exposes us to litigation, as well as government enforcement action, and could, and in certain instances in the past has, resulted in costly product recalls, the inability to sell certain products due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, and other liabilities.
supply chain and third-party risks disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors including, but not limited to, the covid-19 pandemic, trade policy changes, and additional tariffs, have affected and may continue to affect our results of operations.
circumstances surrounding and related to the covid-19 pandemic created unprecedented impacts on the global supply chain. we source, stock and sell products from domestic and international vendors, and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic placed strains on the domestic and international supply chain, which negatively affected the flow and availability of our products in the past. this resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher out-of-stock inventory positions due to difficulties in timely obtaining products from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products, which occurred during the peak periods of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, during the covid-19 pandemic, the costs of transportation of products to our distribution centers and stores increased while availability of transportation decreased.
we source a large number of our products from foreign manufacturers, with china being the dominant import source. tax and trade policies, tariffs, and other regulations affecting trade between the united states and other countries, especially china, enacted in recent years increased the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the united states, which represents a large percentage of our overall merchandise. it remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs, customs actions, or trade relations may evolve in the future, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity, and net income. in addition, other countries may change their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in u.s. trade policy and regulations already enacted or that may be enacted in the future. the degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of tariffs. the impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases by us and our competitors. while these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
financial instability among key vendors, political instability and labor unrest in source countries or elsewhere in our supply chain, changes in the total costs in our supply chain (including fuel and currency exchange rates), labor costs or labor shortages among our vendors, port labor disputes and security, the outbreak of pandemics, weather-related events, natural disasters, armed conflicts, work stoppages, shipping capacity restraints, changes in trade policy, retaliatory trade restrictions imposed by either the united states or a major source country, tariffs or duties, customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and transport availability, capacity, and costs are beyond our control and could negatively impact our business if they seriously disrupted the movement of products through our supply chain or increased their costs. in recent years, u.s. ports have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural disasters, which have been further exacerbated by the covid-19 pandemic. additionally, as we add fulfillment capabilities or pursue strategies with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. if our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we experience delays in inventory, increased delivery costs or merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and decreased customer confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations.
the execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits.
we continue to transform and expand our supply chain network and existing omnichannel capabilities to meet changing customer needs. these investments are designed to promote greater network capacity and better flow management and optimization while leveraging a market delivery model and include adding xdts and bdcs. failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. if we are unable to effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of these investments, projects, and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. the cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with implementing new technologies, restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate facility locations, addressing impacts on inventory levels, and managing third-party service providers, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations and impact our profitability. our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of both brand name and private branded products could negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
we form strategic relationships with selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized and respected national and international brand names. we also have relationships with certain suppliers to enable us to sell private branded products which differentiate us from other retailers. the inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
failure of a key vendor or service provider that we cannot quickly replace could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell. we also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies. if these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to replace them.
failures relating to our third-party installer program or by our third-party installers have resulted in and could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we contract with third-party installers to provide installation services to our customers, and, as the general contractor, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, including certain licensing and permitting requirements, and those relating to the quality and performance of our third-party installers. we have faced investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including one with respect to whether we are in compliance with applicable recordkeeping requirements and lead-safe practices. any adverse result following such investigations could negatively affect our operations. in addition, failures by us or our third party installers to effectively manage such requirements and internal processes regarding installation services have, from time to time, resulted in, and in the future could result in lost sales, fines and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, and may result in the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could negatively affect our business.
technology and cybersecurity risks our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems.
our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. we also engage third-party vendors for a variety of reasons, including for digital storage technology and content delivery. such vendors may have access to information about our customers, associates, or vendors. our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as, an erosion of customer confidence.
additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. in particular, the company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. we may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of these investments and may experience operational challenges such as delays or errors in implementation, security failures such as loss or corruption of data, reputational harm, increased costs and other significant disruptions. our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems.
as customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omnichannel sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
access to the internet from computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile communication devices has empowered our customers and changed the way they shop and how we interact with them. our websites, primarily lowes.com, are a sales channel for our products, and are also a method of making product, project, and other relevant information available to our customers that impacts our in-store sales. additionally, we have other affiliated websites and mobile apps through which we seek to inspire, inform, cross-sell, establish online communities among, and otherwise interact with our customers, including through online visualization and configuration tools. performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks, or a complete failure of one or more of them without a disaster recovery plan that can be quickly implemented, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers' perceptions of lowe's as a reliable online vendor and source of information about home improvement products and services.
our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information.
cyber attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major u.s. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods. as with many other retailers, we collect, process, transmit, store, and delete certain personal information about our customers, associates, and vendors, as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary and business, personal and payment card information. additionally, we use third-party service providers for certain services, such as authentication, content delivery, back-office support, fraud prevention, order and service fulfillment, supply chain management, customer service, workforce management, and other functions, and we provide such third-party service providers with personal and other confidential information necessary for the services concerned. we are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties will attempt to gain access to our systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third party providers, or vendors. certain of our third-party vendors have been subject to disruptions due to ransomware and other cyber attacks. we and our third-party service providers may not be able to adequately anticipate or prevent a future breach in our or their systems that results in the unauthorized access to, destruction, misuse, or release of personal information or other sensitive data. it can be difficult to preempt or detect ever-evolving forms of cyber-attacks. the increased use of remote work infrastructure has further increased the possible attack surfaces, and we may be exposed to increased risk to the security of our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. a ransomware attack could prevent us or our third-party service providers from accessing data or systems that support lowe's operations. our information security or our service providers' information security may also be compromised because of human errors, including by associates, or system errors. our systems and our service providers' systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events or cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, and ransomware. in the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. should these events occur, the unauthorized disclosure, loss or unavailability of data and disruption to our business may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, drive existing and potential customers away and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, or potential liability, including possible litigation and punitive damages. a security breach resulting in the unauthorized release of data from our information systems or our third-party service providers' information systems could also materially increase the costs we already incur to protect against such risks and require dedication of substantial resources to manage the aftermath of such a breach.
data privacy and cybersecurity laws in the united states and internationally are constantly changing, and the implementation of these laws has become more complex. in the united states alone, we may be subject to regulation at both the federal and state level as a result of active legislative and rulemaking activities. in order to maintain our compliance with such laws as they come to fruition, we may sustain increased costs and change our business policies and processes in order to adapt to new requirements that are or become applicable to us. as the regulatory environment relating to retailers' and other companies' obligation to protect personal information becomes stricter, a material failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could subject us to fines, other regulatory sanctions or government investigation, and potentially to lawsuits brought by private individuals, regulators or states' attorney general. such violation or perceived violation of privacy, including improper collection, use of sharing of personal information, or failure to sufficiently disclose privacy practice, can adversely affect the trust that customers, associates, and business partners have in us related to their personal information.
we are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label and co-branded credit cards, paypal, trade credit, mobile payments, gift cards, cash, consumer invoicing and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. these payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers and payment card industry data security standards. they also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. if we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks' costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. additionally, we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. national outages with our third-party credit and debit processor have resulted in lost sales and declined transactions after purchases. future occurrences of such failures in third party systems are difficult to predict and may adversely affect our operations in unexpected ways.
investment-related risks our strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties and risks.
we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and other growth, market and geographic expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies, and other various benefits. our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, it and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations. effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. integration of businesses into our internal control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. additionally, we have recognized material impairments in the past and may do so in the future, including in connection with assets we have acquired or divested in a strategic transaction or charges to earnings associated with any strategic transaction, which have and may in the future materially reduce our earnings. for example, in fiscal 2022, the company recorded pre-tax impairment, loss on sale, and other closing costs of $2.5 billion related to the sale of its canadian retail business, which reduced earnings for fiscal 2022. our shareholders may react unfavorably to our strategic transactions and strategic transactions may also be subject to regulatory uncertainty due to the changing enforcement landscape. we may not realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions, we may be exposed to additional liabilities of any acquired business or joint venture, and we may be exposed to litigation in connection with the strategic transaction. further, we may finance these strategic transactions by incurring additional debt, which could increase leverage or impact our ability to access capital in the future.
legal, regulatory and other external risks the covid-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
the covid-19 pandemic had a significant effect on us in 2020 and 2021, affecting our business operations, demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, exposure to litigation, and our financial condition, among other things.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic further impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on numerous evolving factors which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including among others: the availability of, and prevalence of access to, effective medical treatments and vaccines for covid-19; and evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates and recessionary pressures. any of the foregoing factors, or other effects of the covid-19 pandemic or another pandemic, may result in adverse impacts to our business, results of operations, and financial condition. the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein.
our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy. adverse changes in economic factors specific to the home improvement industry may negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales.
many u.s. and global economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. these include, but are not limited to, periods of slow economic growth or recession, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in u.s. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to lowe's and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, the impact of rising interest rates, consumer debt levels, changes in tax rates and policy, outbreak of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, armed conflicts, and acts of both domestic and international terrorism. in particular, if cost inflation of merchandise increases beyond our ability to control, we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. sales of many of our product categories and services are driven by the activity level of home improvement projects. adverse development in these factors could result in a decrease in home improvement activity which could reduce demand for our products and services.
our business could be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including natural disasters and changes in climate, as well as other catastrophic events, which could impact our operations.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, or unexpected or extreme weather conditions, such as major or extended winter storms or droughts, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; severe changes in climate; pandemics and public health concerns; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; civil unrest; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers' disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. these types of events can also adversely affect our work force and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities. they can also disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services. in addition, these events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders and to communicate with our stores. unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures, could render a portion of our inventory damaged or unsellable. as a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change.
our business and operations are subject to inherent climate-related risks. these include both physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. climate change, extreme weather conditions, wildfires, droughts, and rising sea levels may impact the areas in which the company's operations and facilities are located, and they could also affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. such events could result in an increase in our costs and expenses and harm our future revenue, cash flows and financial performance. government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may increase compliance and merchandise costs, and other regulations affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. in addition, we also use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in our operations, all of which could face increased regulation as a result of climate change or other environmental concerns.
our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations.
our business is subject to a wide array of federal, state and local laws and regulations. in recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, and there has been expanded enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies. these laws and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage requirements, collective bargaining, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees, the distinction between employees and contractors, other wage, labor or workplace regulations, health care, data privacy and cybersecurity, the sale and pricing of some of our products, transportation, logistics, international trade, responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, taxes, unclaimed property, sustainability, the environment and climate change, including energy costs and consumption, could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations. in addition, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery laws, we could be subject to reputation and legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements, negatively affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are, and in the future will become, involved in lawsuits, including consumer, commercial, employment, tort and other litigation, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. some of these proceedings may raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and can be subject to uncertainties and complexities. the timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain. additionally, the possible outcomes of, or resolutions to, these proceedings could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments. furthermore, defending against these proceedings may require a diversion of management's attention and resources. none of the legal proceedings in which we are currently involved, individually or collectively, are considered material.
the inflation or deflation of commodity and other prices could affect our prices, demand for our products and our sales.
prices of certain commodity products, including lumber, copper, and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, tariffs and trade restrictions, and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity and other prices, such as changes in lumber prices, and our ability to pass them on to our customers or manage them through our portfolio strategy, have affected, and may continue to affect, the demand for our products and our sales.
tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions.
we may be affected by higher rates of federal, state, or local tax imposed as a result of political developments or economic conditions, which could affect our effective tax rate. our effective tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by regulatory and legal changes, the results of tax audits and examinations, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, all of which could negatively impact our business. changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties or the economy generally may also impact our financial condition and results of operations.
liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational and open capital markets and are dependent on lowe's credit strength. our inability to access capital markets could negatively affect our business, financial performance, and results of operations.
we have relied on the public debt markets to fund portions of our capital investments and the commercial paper market and bank credit facilities to fund our working capital needs. our access to these markets depends on our strong credit ratings, the overall condition of debt capital markets and our operating performance. disruption in the financial markets, including as a result of rising interest rates, bank failures or other macroeconomic conditions, or an erosion of our credit strength or declines on our credit rating could impact negatively our ability to meet capital requirements or fund working capital needs.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources during the two-year period ended february 3, 2023 (our fiscal years 2022 and 2021). unless otherwise noted, all references herein for the years 2022, 2021, and 2020 represent the fiscal years ended february 3, 2023, january 28, 2022, and january 29, 2021, respectively.   fiscal year 2022 contains 53 weeks of operating results compared to fiscal years 2021 and 2020, which contain 52 weeks. we intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.  this discussion and analysis is presented in four sections:
executive overview
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources
critical accounting policies and estimates executive overview net sales for fiscal 2022 increased 0.8% over fiscal 2021 to $97.1 billion. the increase in total sales was primarily driven by the 53rd week, partially offset by a decrease in comparable sales. the 53rd week contributed approximately 1.4% to the sales growth for 2022. comparable sales decreased 0.9% over fiscal 2021, driven by a 7.6% decrease in comparable customer transactions, partially offset by a 6.7% increase in comparable average ticket. net earnings for fiscal 2022 decreased 23.8% to $6.4 billion. diluted earnings per common share decreased 15.5% in fiscal 2022 to $10.17 from $12.04 in fiscal 2021. included in the fiscal 2022 results is $2.5 billion of pre-tax costs associated with the sale of the canadian retail business consisting of long-lived asset impairment, loss on sale, and additional closing costs, which decreased diluted earnings per share by $3.64. adjusting for these items, adjusted diluted earnings per common share increased 14.7% to $13.81 in 2022 from diluted earnings per common share of $12.04 in 2021 (see the non-gaap financial measures discussion).
for fiscal 2022, cash flows from operating activities were $8.6 billion, with $1.8 billion used for capital expenditures. continuing to deliver on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, the company repurchased $14.1 billion of common stock and paid $2.4 billion in dividends during the year.
the total home strategy remained our focus for the year, which reflects our commitment to provide a full complement of products and services for pro and diy consumers alike, enabling a total home solution for every project across the home. during the year, our continued investment in the pro customer helped generate broad-based demand with positive comparable sales in our core pro categories. in the first quarter, we launched our pro loyalty program, mvps pro rewards and partnership programtm, which is centered on creating a partnership with our pro customers. in addition, throughout the year, we improved pro product and service offerings, and enhanced product assortments to meet pro needs. demand with our diy customer was strong in core, home-improvement categories throughout the year, while discretionary diy category performance lagged due to a short spring season, cycling unprecedented demand over the past two years, and a reduction of holiday purchases.
our perpetual productivity improvement (ppi) initiatives continued to gain efficiencies through our enhanced labor management tools, store inventory management system, and improved pricing capabilities. also, to date, we have converted 11 geographic areas to our market-based delivery model for big and bulky product. in this model, product flows directly to customer homes from our distribution network, bypassing stores altogether. we expect these initiatives and our investments in the business to deliver operating margin productivity and drive meaningful long-term shareholder value going forward.
while improving our operating discipline, we have continued to invest in our front-line associates. in addition to the discretionary and profit-sharing bonuses awarded throughout the year, we implemented $170 million in annual wage increases effective december 2022. these compensation investments reflect our commitment to becoming the employer of choice in retail.
with the sale of our canadian retail business on february 3, 2023, we are focused on the transformation of our u.s. home improvement business to further enhance our operating margin, simplify our business model, and deliver sustainable value to our shareholders. we believe the core demand drivers of our business are disposable personal income, home price appreciation, and the age of the housing stock. the typical homeowner today has significant equity in his or her home, while the housing stock continues to age. these factors, along with strong millennial household formation, elderly preference to age in place, and widespread remote work, continue to support the home improvement market, and we believe we are well-positioned to gain market share through our total home strategy.
operations the following tables set forth the percentage relationship to net sales of each line item of the consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in dollar amounts from the prior year.  this table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.
income tax provision                           2.68                    2.87                                                                 (19)                                                                                  (6.0)
income tax provision                           2.87                    2.13                                                                   74                                                                                   45.3
the following table sets forth key metrics utilized by management in assessing business performance. this table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.
during fiscal 2022, the company adjusted its comparable sales metric to exclude days affected by national outages with its third-party credit and debit processor. excluding these days, and the corresponding prior period days, increased comparable sales by approximately 5 basis points for fiscal 2022. the comparable sales metric for fiscal 2021 and 2020 were not impacted or adjusted by similar outages.
other metrics                                                                    2022                     2021                     2020
total customer transactions (in millions)                                     937                    1,002                    1,046
return on average assets                                                     13.9   %                 17.5   %                 12.4   %
net earnings to average debt and shareholders' (deficit)/equity              26.6   %                 32.3   %                 21.9   %
return on invested capital 6                                                 30.4   %                 35.3   %                 27.7   %
2 a comparable location is defined as a retail location that has been open longer than 13 months. a location that is identified for relocation is no longer considered comparable in the month of its relocation.  the relocated location must then remain open longer than 13 months to be considered comparable.  a location we have decided to close is no longer considered comparable as of the beginning of the month in which we announce its closing. operating locations which are sold are included in comparable sales until the date of sale. comparable sales include online sales, which positively impacted the comparable sales increase in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021, and fiscal 2020 by approximately 45 basis points, 150 basis points, and 565 basis points, respectively. the comparable sales calculation for 2022 included in the preceding table was calculated using sales for a comparable 53-week period.
3    average ticket is defined as net sales divided by the total number of customer transactions.
4    average store size selling square feet is defined as sales floor square feet divided by the number of stores open at the end of the period. the average lowe's-branded home improvement store has approximately 112,000 square feet of retail selling space.
5    return on average assets is defined as net earnings divided by average total assets for the last five quarters.
6    return on invested capital is calculated using a non-gaap financial measure. net earnings to average debt and shareholders' (deficit)/equity is the most comparable gaap ratio. as of february 3, 2023, roic was negatively impacted approximately 800 basis points as a result of the sale of the canadian retail business. see below for additional information and reconciliations of non-gaap measures.
non-gaap financial measures adjusted diluted earnings per share adjusted diluted earnings per share is considered a non-gaap financial measure. the company believes this non-gaap financial measure provides useful insight for analysts and investors in evaluating what management considers the company's core operating performance. adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes the impact of a discrete item, further described below, not contemplated in the company's business outlook for fiscal 2022. there were no non-gaap adjustments in fiscal 2021.
fiscal 2022 impacts
in the third quarter of fiscal 2022, the company recognized a pre-tax $2.1 billion long-lived asset impairment of the canadian retail business. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the company recognized additional pre-tax costs totaling $441 million, consisting of the loss on the sale and other closing costs associated with the sale of the canadian retail business (canadian retail business transaction costs).
adjusted diluted earnings per share should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful indicator of, the company's diluted earnings per common share as prepared in accordance with gaap. the company's methods of determining this non-gaap financial measure may differ from the method used by other companies and may not be comparable.
non-gaap adjustments - per share impacts canadian retail business transaction costs                  3.95                       (0.31)                       3.64
1 represents the corresponding tax benefit or expense specifically related to the item excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share.
return on invested capital return on invested capital (roic) is calculated using a non-gaap financial measure. management believes roic is a meaningful metric for analysts and investors as a measure of how effectively the company is using capital to generate financial returns. although roic is a common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating roic.  accordingly, the method used by our management may differ from the methods used by other companies.  we encourage you to understand the methods used by another company to calculate roic before comparing its roic to ours.
we define roic as the rolling 12 months' lease adjusted net operating profit after tax (lease adjusted nopat) divided by the average of current year and prior year ending debt and shareholders' (deficit)/equity. lease adjusted nopat is a non-gaap financial measure, and net earnings is considered to be the most comparable gaap financial measure. the calculation of roic, together with a reconciliation of net earnings to lease adjusted nopat, is as follows:
(in millions, except percentage data)                                            2022                     2021                     2020
calculation of return on invested capital numerator net earnings                                                               $6,437                   $8,442                   $5,835
provision for income taxes                                                  2,599                    2,766                    1,904
lease adjusted net operating profit                                        10,322                   12,253                    9,818
lease adjusted net operating profit after tax                              $7,352                   $9,229                   $7,402
denominator average debt and shareholders' (deficit)/equity                           $24,155                  $26,109                  $26,686
net earnings to average debt and shareholders' (deficit)/equity              26.6   %                 32.3   %                 21.9   %
return on invested capital                                                   30.4   %                 35.3   %                 27.7   %
1    income tax adjustment is defined as net operating profit multiplied by the effective tax rate, which was 28.8%, 24.7%, and 24.6% for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
2    average debt and shareholders' (deficit)/equity is defined as average current year and prior year ending debt, including current maturities, short-term borrowings, and operating lease liabilities, plus the average current year and prior year ending total shareholders' (deficit)/equity.
3  as of february 3, 2023, roic was negatively impacted approximately 800 basis points as a result of the sale of the canadian retail business.
for the purpose of the following discussion, comparable store sales, comparable average ticket, and comparable customer transactions are based upon comparable 53-week periods.
net sales - net sales increased 0.8% to $97.1 billion in 2022. the increase in total sales was driven by the 53rd week, partially offset by a decrease in comparable sales. the 53rd week contributed approximately 1.4% to the sales growth for 2022. comparable sales decreased 0.9% over the same period, driven by a 7.6% decline in comparable customer transactions, partially offset by a 6.7% increase in comparable average ticket. comparable sales change during each quarter of the fiscal year, as reported, were a decline of 4.0% in the first quarter, decline of 0.3% in the second quarter, increase of 2.2% in the third quarter, and decline of 1.5% in the fourth quarter.
during 2022, we experienced comparable sales increases in six of 14 product categories, led by rough plumbing, building materials, and paint. strength in these categories reflects robust demand from pro customers, as well as unit price increases
driven by inflation. we experienced our lowest comparable sales in seasonal & outdoor living, tools, and lawn & garden. geographically, three of 15 u.s. regions experienced positive comparable sales with strength primarily in the south, while our canadian operations lagged the u.s.
gross margin - gross margin as a percentage of sales for 2022 contracted 7 basis points compared to 2021. gross margin was negatively impacted by 30 basis points from higher transportation costs and expansion of our supply chain network and 20 basis points from inventory shrink. these were partially offset by approximately 25 basis points of favorable product mix and 20 basis points of total rate improvement driven by continued improvement in managing product costs and disciplined pricing strategies.
sg&a - sg&a expense for 2022 deleveraged 193 basis points as a percentage of sales compared to 2021. this was primarily driven by the long-lived asset impairment, loss on sale, and other closing costs associated with the sale of the canadian retail business, partially offset by ongoing productivity initiatives.
depreciation and amortization - depreciation and amortization expense deleveraged 9 basis points for 2022 as a percentage of sales compared to 2021, driven by ongoing capital investments in core business investments. property, less accumulated depreciation, decreased to $17.6 billion at february 3, 2023, compared to $19.1 billion at january 28, 2022, primarily due to the impairment of the canadian retail business long-lived assets in the third quarter of 2022.
interest expense, net of amount capitalized                       $1,137                   $869
amortization of original issue discount and loan costs                20                     16
net interest expense in 2022 deleveraged 24 basis points primarily as a result of interest expense related to the issuance of $5.0 billion unsecured notes in march 2022 and $4.8 billion unsecured notes in september 2022.
income tax provision - our effective income tax rate was 28.8% in 2022 compared to 24.7% in 2021. the 2022 rate was unfavorably impacted by the partial deductibility of long-lived asset impairment and loss on sale associated with the canadian retail business.
for a comparison of our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources for the fiscal years ended january 28, 2022, and january 29, 2021, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 28, 2022, filed with the sec on march 21, 2022.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources sources of liquidity cash flows from operations, combined with our continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, remain adequate to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. we believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months. as of february 3, 2023, we held $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents, as well as $3.5 billion in undrawn capacity on our revolving credit facilities.
as of february 3, 2023, our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments consist of leases, long-term debt, purchase obligations, and letters of credit. see note 6, note 8, and note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data", of this annual report for amounts outstanding related to leases, long-term debt, and commitments, respectively, as of february 3, 2023.
cash flows provided by operating activities
net cash provided by operating activities          $8,589                  $10,113
cash flows from operating activities continued to provide the primary source of our liquidity.  the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended february 3, 2023, compared to the year ended january 28, 2022, was due primarily to changes in working capital. inventory decreased operating cash flow for fiscal 2022 by approximately $2.6 billion compared to a decrease of $1.4 billion for fiscal 2021. accounts payable decreased operating cash flow for fiscal 2022 by $549 million compared to an increase of $466 million in fiscal 2021, driving a reduction of $1.0 billion in operating cash flows for fiscal 2022. the increase in inventory is primarily due to product cost and freight inflation compared to the prior year, as well as lower inventory turns year-over-year. the decrease in accounts payable is driven by timing of inventory purchases in the prior year. other operating liabilities increased operating cash flows $388 million for fiscal 2022 compared to a decrease of $570 million in fiscal 2021. this increase is primarily driven by the deferral of payment of our third and fourth quarter estimated federal tax payments under the income tax relief announced by the internal revenue service for business located in states impacted by hurricane ian.
cash flows used in investing activities
net cash used in investing activities        $(1,309)                   $(1,646)
net cash used in investing activities primarily consists of transactions related to capital expenditures, offset by proceeds from the sale of the canadian retail business.
capital expenditures our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. capital expenditures were $1.8 billion in 2022 and $1.9 billion in 2021. the following table provides the allocation of capital expenditures for 2022 and 2021:
existing store investments 1                                      75   %             75   %
strategic initiatives 2                                           15   %             15   %
new stores, new corporate facilities and international 3          10   %             10   %
total capital expenditures                                       100   %            100   %
includes merchandising resets, facility repairs, replacements of it and store equipment, among other specific efforts.
represents investments related to our strategic focus areas aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term.
represents expenditures primarily related to land purchases, buildings, and personal property for new store projects and new corporate facilities projects as well as expenditures related to our international operations.
for 2023, our guidance for capital expenditures is up to $2.0 billion. the following table provides the allocation of our fiscal 2023 capital expenditures guidance:
existing store investments                          70   %
strategic initiatives                               25   %
new stores and corporate facilities                  5   %
cash flows used in financing activities
net cash used in financing activities        $(7,049)                   $(12,016)
net cash used in financing activities primarily consist of transactions related to our debt, share repurchases, and cash dividend payments.
total debt in 2022, we issued $9.8 billion of unsecured notes. this is comprised of $5.0 billion of unsecured notes issued in march 2022 and $4.8 billion of unsecured notes issued in september 2022, the proceeds of which were designated for general corporate purposes. in 2022, we paid approximately $765 million to retire scheduled debts at maturity.
we have a $2.0 billion five-year unsecured revolving third amended and restated credit agreement (the third amended and restated credit agreement), with a syndicate of banks, which has a maturity date of december 2026 and an aggregate availability of $2.0 billion. we also have a $2.0 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement dated march 23, 2020, and as amended, (the 2020 credit agreement) with a syndicate of banks, which has a maturity date of december 2026 and an aggregate availability of $2.0 billion. subject to obtaining commitments from the lenders and satisfying other conditions specified in the 2020 credit agreement and the third amended and restated credit agreement (collectively, the credit agreements), the company may increase the combined aggregate availability of the credit agreements by an additional $1.0 billion.
the credit agreements support our commercial paper program. the amount available to be drawn under the credit agreements is reduced by the amount of borrowings under our commercial paper program. outstanding borrowings under the company's commercial paper program were $499 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.78% as of february 3, 2023. there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2020 credit agreement or the third amended and restated credit agreement as of february 3, 2023. there were no outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program, the 2020 credit agreement, or the second amended and restated credit agreement as of january 28, 2022. total combined availability under the 2020 credit agreement and the third amended and restated credit agreement as of february 3, 2023, was $3.5 billion.
the third amended and restated credit agreement and the 2020 credit agreement contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants. we were in compliance with those covenants as of february 3, 2023.
the following table includes additional information related to our debt for 2022 and 2021:
(in millions, except for interest rate data)                                        2022   2021
net change in commercial paper                                                  $499                $-
share repurchases we have an ongoing share repurchase program, authorized by the company's board of directors, that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. we also withhold shares from employees to satisfy tax withholding liabilities on share-based payments. shares repurchased are returned to authorized and unissued status. the following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the total number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share, and the total amount paid for share repurchases for 2022 and 2021:
(in millions, except per share data)                     2022                    2021
total amount paid for share repurchases           $14,124                  $13,012
as of february 3, 2023, we had $20.7 billion remaining under our share repurchase program with no expiration date.
dividends in the third quarter of 2022, we increased our quarterly dividend payment by 31% to $1.05 per share. our dividend payment dates are established such that dividends are paid in the quarter immediately following the quarter in which they are declared. the following table provides additional information related to our dividend payments for 2022 and 2021:
(in millions, except per share data and percentage data)                2022                     2021
capital resources we expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. the availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios.  the table below reflects our debt ratings by standard & poor's (s&p) and moody's as of march 27, 2023, which is disclosed to provide an enhanced understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effect of our ratings on our cost of funds.  our debt ratings have enabled, and should continue to enable, us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. our commercial paper and senior debt ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
outlook                 stable         stable there are no provisions in any agreements that would require early cash settlement of existing debt or leases as a result of a downgrade in our debt rating or a decrease in our stock price.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements presented in this annual report requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  we base these estimates on historical results and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable, all of which form the basis for making estimates concerning the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources.  actual results may differ from these estimates.
our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.  we believe that the following accounting policies affect the most significant estimates and management judgments used in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
merchandise inventory description we record an obsolete inventory reserve for the anticipated loss associated with selling inventories below cost.  this reserve is based on our current knowledge with respect to inventory levels, sales trends and historical experience.  during 2022, our reserve decreased approximately $29 million to $139 million as of february 3, 2023.
we also record an inventory reserve for the estimated shrinkage between physical inventories.  this reserve is based primarily on actual shrink results from previous physical inventories.  during 2022, the inventory shrink reserve increased approximately $14 million to $428 million as of february 3, 2023, in response to higher volumes and estimated shrinkage rates based on results from previous physical inventories.
in addition, we receive funds from vendors in the normal course of business, principally as a result of purchase volumes, sales, early payments or promotions of vendors' products.  generally, these vendor funds do not represent the reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs that we incurred to sell the vendor's product.  many of the vendor funds associated with these purchases are earned under agreements that are negotiated on an annual basis or shorter. the funds are recorded as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned. as the related inventory is sold, the amounts are recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. funds that are determined to be reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to sell vendors' products are recorded as an offset to the related expense.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate we do not believe that our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term, and we have the ability to adjust purchasing practices based on anticipated sales trends and general economic conditions. however, changes in consumer purchasing patterns or a deterioration in product quality could result in the need for additional reserves.  likewise, changes in the estimated shrink reserve may be necessary, based on the timing and results of physical inventories.  we also apply judgment in the determination of levels of obsolete inventory and assumptions about net realizable value.
for vendor funds, we develop accrual rates based on the provisions of the agreements in place.  due to the diversity of the individual vendor agreements, we perform analyses and review historical purchase trends and volumes throughout the year, adjust accrual rates as appropriate and confirm actual amounts with select vendors to ensure the amounts earned are appropriately recorded.  amounts accrued throughout the year could be impacted if actual purchase volumes differ from projected purchase volumes, especially in the case of programs that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our inventory valuation or the related reserves for obsolete inventory or inventory shrinkage during the past three fiscal years.  we believe that we have sufficient current and historical knowledge to record reasonable estimates for both of these inventory reserves.  however, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded reserves. a 10% change in either the amount of products considered obsolete or the weighted average estimated loss rate used in the calculation of our obsolete inventory reserve would each have affected net earnings by approximately $10 million for 2022. a 10% change in the estimated shrinkage rate included in the calculation of our inventory shrink reserve would have affected net earnings by approximately $32 million for 2022.
we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to recognize vendor funds during the past three fiscal years.  if actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and estimates used, we could be exposed to additional adjustments that could positively or negatively impact gross margin and inventory.  however, substantially all receivables associated with these activities do not require subjective long-term estimates because they are collected within the following fiscal year.  adjustments to gross margin and inventory in the following fiscal year have historically not been material.
long-lived asset impairment description we review the carrying amounts of long-lived assets whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. when evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, our asset group is generally at an individual location level, as that is the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable. cash flows for individual locations do not include an allocation of corporate overhead.
we evaluate locations for triggering events relating to long-lived asset impairment on a quarterly basis to determine when a location's assets may not be recoverable. for operating locations, our primary indicator that assets may not be recoverable is consistently negative cash flow for a twelve month period for those locations that have been open in the same location for a sufficient period of time to allow for meaningful analysis of ongoing operating results. management also monitors other factors when evaluating operating locations for impairment, including individual locations' execution of their operating plans and local market conditions, including incursion, which is the opening of either other lowe's locations or those of a direct competitor within the same market. we also consider there to be a triggering event when there is a current expectation that it is more likely than not that a given location will be closed or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
during the third quarter of 2022, the company determined it was more likely than not that the assets within the canadian retail business would be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of their previously estimated useful lives and were evaluated for recoverability. based on the proposed transaction, the company reconsidered the appropriate asset grouping of long-lived assets attributable to the company's canadian locations given the change in the company's expectations regarding use and disposition of its associated assets. the company determined the total canada retail business (canada asset group) to be the appropriate asset group for which canadian business assets should be evaluated, as this represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities. changes in asset group determinations are accounted for on a prospective basis.
a potential impairment has occurred if the fair value of the asset group is less than the asset group's carrying value. the carrying value of an operating location's asset group includes inventory, property, operating and finance lease right-of-use assets and operating liabilities including accounts payables, accrued compensation, and operating lease liabilities. financial and nonoperating liabilities are excluded from the carrying value of the asset group. when determining the stream of projected future cash flows associated with an individual operating location, management makes assumptions, incorporating local market conditions, about key store variables including sales growth rates, gross margin and controllable expenses, such as store payroll and operating expense, as well as asset residual values or lease rates. operating lease payments are included in the projected future cash flows. financing lease payments are excluded from the projected future cash flows. an impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the operating location is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.
the carrying value of the canada asset group included substantially all assets and liabilities of the canadian retail business, including accounts receivable, inventory, property, operating and finance lease right-of-use assets, definite-lived intangible assets, operating liabilities including accounts payable and accrued compensation, and operating and finance lease liabilities. the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment balance was excluded from the carrying value of the canada asset group in evaluating the recoverability of a held and used asset group.
we use an income approach to determine the fair value of our individual operating locations, which requires discounting projected future cash flows. this involves making assumptions regarding both a location's future cash flows, as described above, and an appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of those future cash flows. we discount our cash flow estimates at a rate commensurate with the risk that selected market participants would assign to the cash flows. the selected market participants represent a group of other retailers with a market footprint similar in size to ours.
we use a market approach to determine the fair value of our individual locations identified for sale or closure. this involves making assumptions regarding the estimated selling prices or estimated lease rates by obtaining information from property brokers or appraisers in the specific markets being evaluated. the information includes comparable sales of similar assets and assumptions about demand in the market for purchase or lease of these assets. a market approach of an orderly transaction under current market conditions was used in determining the estimated fair value of the canada asset group, which was based on the proposed transaction price, inclusive of performance-based contingent consideration.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed or an asset will be otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. our impairment loss calculations require us to apply judgment in estimating expected future cash flows, including estimated sales, margin, and controllable expenses, assumptions about market performance for operating locations, and estimated selling prices or lease rates for locations identified for closure. we also apply judgment in estimating asset fair values, including the selection of an appropriate discount rate for fair values determined using an income approach.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions during fiscal 2022, the company recorded $2.1 billion of long-lived asset impairment within selling, general and administrative expenses (sg&a) in the consolidated statements of earnings, which reflects the full carrying value of the long-lived assets of the canada asset group. during fiscal 2021, long-lived asset impairment was immaterial. if the actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and judgments we have made in determining whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed significantly before the end of its useful life or in estimating future cash flows and determining asset fair values, our actual impairment losses could vary from our estimated impairment losses. in the event that our estimates vary from actual results, we may record additional impairment losses, which could be material to our results of operations.
self-insurance description we are self-insured for certain losses relating to workers' compensation, automobile, general and product liability, extended protection plans, and certain medical and dental claims. we have excess insurance coverage above certain retention amounts to limit exposure from single events and earnings volatility. our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, is limited to $2 million per occurrence involving workers' compensation, $10 million per occurrence involving general liability, product liability, and automobile liability. we do not have any excess insurance coverage for self-insured extended protection plan or medical and dental claims. self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon our estimates of the discounted ultimate cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical experience. during 2022, our self-insurance liabilities decreased approximately $45 million to $1.1 billion as of february 3, 2023.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate these estimates are subject to changes in the regulatory environment, utilized discount rate, projected exposures including payroll, sales and vehicle units, as well as the frequency, lag and severity of claims.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years. although we believe that we have the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities. a 10% change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net earnings by approximately $80 million for 2022. a 100 basis point change in our discount rate would have affected net earnings by approximately $21 million for 2022.