item 1a. risk factors.
we are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. the events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other company communications. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations.
risks relating to our industry our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. our hotel brands and other lodging offerings generally compete with major hotel chains, regional hotel chains, independent hotels, and home sharing and rental services across national and international venues. our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business, group and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing and driving preference for our lodging products and services, including our loyalty program, direct booking channels, consumer-facing technology platforms and services, and other offerings (including our co-branded credit cards). if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to maintain or increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic downturns and other global, national, and regional conditions and events could further impact our business, financial results and growth. because we conduct our business on a global scale, we are affected by changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical, public health, social and other conditions and events. our business, financial results and growth are impacted by weak or volatile economic conditions, pandemics and other outbreaks of disease, natural and man-made disasters, changes in energy prices and currency values, political instability, geopolitical conflict, actual or threatened war, terrorist activity and other acts of violence, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over the foregoing. these conditions and events have in the past materially negatively impacted, and could in the future materially negatively impact, our business, operations, and financial results in many ways, including, but not limited to, as follows:
•reducing revenues at our managed and franchised hotels, owned and leased hotels, and properties in which we have an investment, potentially impacting their ability to meet expenses, including payment of amounts owed to us;
•affecting the ability or willingness of hotel owners and franchisees to service, repay or refinance existing indebtedness or similar obligations, including loans or guaranty advances we have made to or for them;
•making it more difficult for hotel owners and franchisees to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms, or at all;
•causing hotels to exit our system;
•requiring us to borrow or otherwise raise a significant amount of cash in order to preserve financial flexibility, repay maturing debt and manage debt maturities;
although covid-19's negative impact on our business, operations, and financial results has significantly decreased since 2020, we are continuing to see some of the foregoing effects and could see additional effects in the future. the conditions and events discussed in this risk factor could also give rise to, aggravate, and impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate the other risks that we identify below, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, the failure of a hotel owner or franchisee to comply with its payment or other obligations under the agreement, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria which we do not cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. some courts have also applied agency law principles and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have interpreted hotel management agreements to be "personal services contracts"). property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. when terminations occur for certain of these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. we may have difficulty collecting damages from the hotel owner or franchisee, and any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management or franchise agreement. a significant loss of these agreements could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in arbitration or litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation. this has from time to time given rise to disagreements with hotel owners and franchisees, and may give rise to such disagreements in the future, including over the need for or payment for new product, service, or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for operating costs, system costs, or other amounts. we have seen, and may in the future see, an increase in such disagreements with hotel owners and franchisees during periods when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements and to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners, franchisees, and real estate investment partners, but we cannot always do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in arbitration or litigation, and could do so in the future. we could suffer significant losses, reduced profits, or constraints on our operations as the result of adverse dispute resolution outcomes.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com, priceline.com, booking.com, travelocity.com, and orbitz.com, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although our best rate guarantee and member rate programs have helped limit guest preference shift to intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google, bing, yahoo, and baidu to steer guests toward their websites. our business and profitability could be harmed to the extent that online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our direct online channels, or through their fees, increasing the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. at the same time, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have two- to three- year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways, including by reducing bookings or making our brands less attractive to hotel owners.
our growth strategy depends upon attracting third-party owners and franchisees to our platform, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable to us, depending on the terms offered by our competitors.
table of contents adding properties to our system entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. the terms of our management agreements and franchise agreements for each of our properties are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to renew agreements or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
the effects of, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws, regulations and government policies may disrupt our business, lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, or damage our reputation. we and the hotels that we franchise or manage are subject to a variety of laws, regulations and government policies around the globe, including, among others, those related to employment practices; marketing and advertising efforts; trade and economic sanctions; anti-bribery and anti-corruption; intellectual property; cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization, and the handling of personally identifiable information; competition; climate and the environment; health and safety; liquor sales; and the offer and sale of franchises. these laws, regulations, and government policies may be complex and change frequently and could have a range of adverse effects on our business. the compliance programs, internal controls, and policies we maintain and enforce may need to be updated regularly to keep pace with changing laws, regulations and government policies and may not prevent our associates, contractors, or agents from materially violating applicable laws, regulations and government policies. the requirements of applicable laws, regulations, and government policies, our failure to meet such requirements (including investigations and publicity resulting from actual or alleged failures), or actions we take in order to comply with such requirements or investigations could have significant adverse effects on our results of operations, reputation, or ability to grow our business.
exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the u.s. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-u.s. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. as a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. to the extent that our international operations continue to grow, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow. even though we enter into foreign exchange hedging arrangements for some of the currencies in which we do business, exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our results. our hedging arrangements may also create their own costs and risks, in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements, and counterparty risk.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. many factors can affect the reputation and value of our company or one or more of our properties or brands, including our ability to protect and use our brands and trademarks; our properties' adherence to service and other brand standards; our approach to, or incidents involving, matters related to food quality and safety, guest and associate safety, health and cleanliness, managing and reducing our carbon footprint and our use of scarce natural resources, supply chain management, and diversity, human rights, and support for local communities; and our compliance with applicable laws. reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands, and our properties, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations, proceedings or penalties, or litigation. negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, loss of development opportunities, adverse government attention, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
actions by our franchisees and licensees or others could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, and residential properties, and with respect to our credit card programs and other offerings. under the terms of their agreements with us, these third parties interact directly with guests and others under our brand and trade names. if these third parties fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data or privacy incident, or a circumstance involving guest or associate health or safety; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, then our image and reputation could suffer. although our agreements with these parties provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, it could be expensive or time-consuming for us to pursue such remedies and even if we are successful in pursuing such remedies, that may not be sufficient to mitigate reputational harm table of contents to us. we also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party.
collective bargaining activity and strikes could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. a significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. if relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, then the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations. numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and our ability in the past to resolve such negotiations does not mean that we will be able to resolve future negotiations without strikes, disruptions, or on terms that we consider reasonable. labor disputes and disruptions could result in adverse publicity or regulatory investigations and adversely affect operations and revenues at affected hotels, as we have seen at times in the past. in addition, labor disputes and disruptions or increased demands from labor unions could harm our relationship with our associates, result in increased regulatory requirements or inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm our relationships with our guests and customers, divert management attention, and reduce customer demand for our services, all of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses and legal costs, and could impose limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by the operators of our franchised properties. increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation, or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability, or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
our business could suffer if we cannot attract and retain associates or as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for personnel. we have experienced challenges hiring for certain positions due to various factors, such as increasing wage expectations and competition for labor from other industries, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of associates, we could experience significant negative impacts on our operations, associate morale and turnover, guest satisfaction, or our internal control environment. insufficient numbers of associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. labor shortages have resulted and could continue to result in higher wages and initial hiring costs, increasing our labor costs and labor costs at our hotels, which could reduce our revenues and profits. in addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business. the impact of covid-19 on the hospitality industry, and actions that we and others in the hospitality industry have taken and may take in the future with respect to our associates and executives in response to covid-19, have adversely affected and may in the future continue to adversely affect our ability to attract and retain associates and executives.
extreme weather, climate change, and sustainability-related concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. we are subject to the risks associated with extreme weather and climate change, including the impacts of the physical effects of climate change, changes in laws and regulations related to climate change and sustainability, and changing consumer preferences. natural disasters and extreme weather in locations where we manage, franchise, own or lease properties or in areas of the world from which we draw a large number of guests may cause a significant decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging. the prevalence of these events may continue to increase as the result of climate change. natural disasters, extreme weather, and other physical impacts of climate change (including rising sea levels, extreme hot or cold weather, water shortages, fire, and droughts) have in the past and could in the future result in increases in related insurance, energy or other operating costs, and physical damage to our hotels that might not be covered by insurance and might prevent or limit the operations of the property. significant costs could be involved in improving the efficiency and climate resiliency of our hotels and otherwise preparing for, responding to, and mitigating the physical effects of climate change or sustainability-related concerns. compliance with future climate-related legislation and regulation, and our current or future voluntary efforts to achieve science-based emissions reduction targets or other sustainability initiatives, could also be difficult and costly. growing public recognition of the dangers of climate change and other sustainability-related concerns may affect customers' travel choices, including their frequency of travel. as a result of the foregoing, we may experience reduced demand, significant increased operating and compliance costs, operating disruptions or limitations, constraints on our room growth, and even physical damage to our hotels, all of which could adversely affect our profits and growth.
insurance may not cover damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise, or other aspects of our business, and the cost of such insurance could increase. we require comprehensive property and liability insurance table of contents policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. we also require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, pandemics, or liabilities that result from incidents involving the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable, or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. as a result, we, our hotel owners, and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. for example, over the past several years following the severe and widespread damage caused by natural disasters, coupled with continued large global losses, the property, liability, and other insurance markets have seen significant cost increases. also, due to the data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database, which we initially reported in november 2018 (the "data security incident"), and the state of the cyber insurance market generally, the costs for our cyber insurance increased with each of our renewals over the last several years, and the cost of such insurance could continue to increase for future policy periods. further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations.
if our brands, goodwill, or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. as of december 31, 2022, we had $17.6 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in guests' perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial condition and results of operations.
development and financing risks our hotel owners and franchisees depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and they may be unable to access capital when necessary. current and potential hotel owners and franchisees must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. the availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners and franchisees depends in large measure on their ability to access the capital markets, over which we have little control. obtaining financing on attractive terms has been, and may in the future be further, constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. in addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing availability, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy and rate, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, demand for and availability of construction resources, and other disruptive conditions in global, regional, or local markets.
our renovation activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. we occasionally acquire and renovate hotel properties, both directly and through partnerships and other business structures with third parties. this presents a number of risks, including that: (1) market conditions may limit the availability of capital for project completion or take-out financing or make properties that we renovate less attractive to potential purchasers, with the result that we may not be able to complete or sell such properties at the prices or times we anticipate or we may be required to record additional impairment charges; and (2) construction delays or cost overruns, including those due to general market conditions, shortages or increased costs of skilled labor and/or materials, lender financial defaults, or so-called "acts of god" such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase project costs. we could face similar risks to the extent we undertake development activities again in the future.
table of contents our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. we have a number of owned and leased properties, which are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. we may seek to sell some of these properties over time; however, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell quickly. we may not be able to complete asset sales at prices we find acceptable, or at all. moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated, if any, by the particular properties, and the expenses incurred. a variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including local market conditions and new supply of hotels and other lodging products, availability and costs of staffing, governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. our real estate investments have been, and could in the future be, impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. if our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses and make needed capital expenditures, our income could be adversely affected, and we could be required to record additional significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. we participate, through licensing agreements, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under many of our luxury and premium brand names and trademarks. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that: (1) changes in residential real estate demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future project developers of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims or claims related to purchaser deposits, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.
more hotel projects in our development pipeline may be cancelled or delayed in opening, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction, hotels subject to signed contracts, and hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including the other risks described in this section. we have seen construction timelines for pipeline hotels lengthen due to various factors, including competition for skilled construction labor, challenges related to financing, and disruption in permitting and the supply chain for materials, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in new hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties impact our profits. at times, we make loans for hotel development, acquisition, or renovation expenditures when we enter into or amend management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders with financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we have suffered losses, and could suffer losses in the future, when hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and foreclose on the property, or the owners could declare bankruptcy, as we have seen in the past and could see in the future. in some cases, such foreclosures or bankruptcies have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in the termination of our management or franchise agreements, eliminating our anticipated income and cash flows, which could have a significant negative effect on our results of operations.
technology, information protection, and privacy risks any disruption in the functioning of our reservation, loyalty program, or other core operational systems could adversely affect our performance and results. we manage global reservation and loyalty program systems or use third-party service providers' reservation systems that communicate reservation and transactional information to our properties from individuals who book reservations directly with us online, through our mobile apps, through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of our reservation, loyalty program, and other core operational systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, table of contents upgrade, or prevent disruption to these systems. disruptions in or changes to these systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. we are currently undertaking a multi-year initiative to upgrade certain of our core technologies and systems, as these and other technologies and systems described in this risk factor must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis. our business could suffer if we cannot refine, update, and/or replace technologies and systems as quickly or effectively as our competitors, sufficiently in advance of obsolescence or performance failure or degradation, or within budgeted costs and time frames. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new or upgraded technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower guest satisfaction or could impair our operating results. our business could also suffer if the use of technologies that provide alternatives to in-person meetings and events results in a decrease in demand for our lodging properties.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data. in the operation of our business, we collect, store, use, and transmit large volumes of personal data regarding associates, guests, customers, owners, licensees, franchisees, and our own business operations, including credit card numbers, reservation and loyalty data, and other personal data, in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers. the integrity and protection of this personal data is critical to our business. our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal data. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by global laws and governmental regulation, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry continue to become increasingly stringent in many jurisdictions in which we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time to do so. we have incurred and may in the future incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance, we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to payment obligations and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand.
the data security incident, and other information security incidents, could have numerous adverse effects on our business. as a result of the data security incident, numerous lawsuits were filed against us, as described further in note 7. we may be named as a party in additional lawsuits and other claims may be asserted by or on behalf of guests, customers, hotel owners, stockholders, or others seeking monetary damages or other relief related to the data security incident. a number of federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities made inquiries, opened investigations, or requested information and/or documents related to the data security incident, including under various data protection and privacy regulations. responding to and resolving these lawsuits, claims, and/or investigations has resulted in payments and other expenses, such as the £18.4 million payment imposed by the information commissioner's office in the united kingdom (the "ico") in connection with the ico's final decision issued in october 2020, and could result in material additional payments or remedial or other expenses. other governmental authorities investigating or seeking information about the data security incident have imposed and may further impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our costs or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. significant management time and company resources have been, and will continue to be, devoted to matters related to the data security incident. future publicity or developments related to the data security incident, including as a result of subsequent reports or regulatory actions or developments, could have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of consumer confidence, reduced consumer demand, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, and associate retention and recruiting difficulties. insurance coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including the final payment imposed by the ico and any other payments, fines or penalties) related to the data security incident, and certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program.
additional cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business. we have implemented enhanced security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as we have seen in the past, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. measures taken by our service providers or our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners or their service providers also may not be sufficient, as we have seen in the past. efforts to hack or circumvent security measures, efforts to gain unauthorized access to, exploit or disrupt the operation or integrity of our data or systems, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, "ransomware" or other malware, table of contents
"supply chain" attacks, "phishing" or other types of business communications compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data have impacted, and may in the future impact, our information systems and records or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers. our reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. our increased reliance on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems increases the company's exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. we have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of our data or systems, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. any additional significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, franchisee, licensee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory and other consequences, including remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. depending on the nature and scope of the event, future compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers or other future disruptions or compromises of data or systems could lead to future interruptions in, or other adverse effects on, the operation of our systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers. this could result in operational interruptions and/or outages and a loss of profits, as well as negative publicity and other adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, loss of consumer confidence, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, litigation, diminished associate satisfaction, and/or retention and recruiting difficulties, all of which could materially affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
because we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, additional incidents or the failure to detect and appropriately respond to additional incidents could magnify the severity of the adverse effects on our business. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems change frequently, can be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, which could also magnify the severity of these adverse effects. we cannot assure you that all potential causes of past significant incidents have been identified and remediated; additional measures may be needed to prevent significant incidents in the future. the steps we take may not be sufficient to prevent future significant incidents and as a result, such incidents may occur again. although we carry cyber insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient or available to cover all expenses or other losses (including payments to regulatory authorities) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyberattacks, security compromises, and other related incidents. furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs and increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation. we are subject to numerous, complex, and frequently changing laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information. various u.s. federal and state laws, data privacy and data security laws outside of the u.s., payment card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. significant legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes have been and could be issued in the future. compliance with changes in applicable data security and privacy laws and regulations and contractual obligations, including the need to respond to investigations into our compliance, has increased and may in the future increase our costs, and may restrict our business operations, increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation in the event of alleged noncompliance, and adversely affect our reputation.
changes in laws could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising (including through social media), and postal mailings. any further legal restrictions under various u.s. federal, state, or international laws, or new international, federal, or state laws on marketing and solicitation or international privacy, e-privacy, and anti-spam laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising (including through social media), and postal mailing techniques and could require changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential guests and customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other companies' marketing materials. if access to these lists were to be prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new guests and customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
governance risk delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a stockholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of directors' consent for at least three years after the date the stockholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents table of contents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder rights plan.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for year-end 2021 compared to year-end 2020 can be found in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, as filed with the sec on february 15, 2022 ("2021 form 10-k").
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties in 138 countries and territories under 30 brand names. under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: (1) u.s. & canada and (2) international.
terms of our management agreements vary, but our management fees generally consist of base management fees and incentive management fees. base management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue. incentive management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of a hotel profitability measure, and, in many cases (particularly in our u.s. & canada, europe, and caribbean & latin america regions), are subject to a specified owner return. under our franchise agreements, franchise fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue or a portion thereof. additionally, we earn franchise fees for the use of our intellectual property, such as fees from our co-branded credit card, timeshare, and residential programs.
on september 23, 2016, we completed the acquisition of starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, llc, formerly known as starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, inc. ("starwood"), through a series of transactions, after which starwood became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the company.
performance measures we believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues, and should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available (including rooms in hotels temporarily closed due to issues related to covid-19), measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels. revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics are on a systemwide basis for comparable properties, unless otherwise stated. comparisons to prior periods are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2021 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (1) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (2) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (3) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption, with the exception of properties closed or otherwise experiencing interruptions related to covid-19, which we continue to classify as comparable. for 2022 compared to 2021, we had 5,123 comparable u.s. & canada properties and 1,548 comparable international properties. revpar, occupancy, and adr comparisons between 2022 and 2019, which we discuss under the "business trends" caption below, reflect properties that are defined as comparable as of december 31, 2022, september 30, 2022, june 30, 2022, or march 31, 2022 (as applicable), even if in 2019 they were not open and operating for the full year or did not meet all the other criteria listed above. unless otherwise stated, all comparisons to pre-pandemic or 2019 are comparing to the same time period each year.
business trends we continued to see strong global revpar improvement throughout 2022 despite greater china continuing to be significantly negatively impacted by covid-19 through the end of the 2022 fourth quarter. while revpar recovery at the beginning of 2022 was dampened due to the emergence of covid-19 variants, revpar quickly improved, resulting in 2022 third quarter worldwide revpar exceeding 2019 levels for the first time since the pandemic began. by the 2022 fourth quarter, table of contents worldwide revpar exceeded 2019 levels by 4.6 percent, reflecting adr growth of 12.8 percent, partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 5.1 percentage points compared to 2019 levels. the global recovery continued across all customer segments, led by robust leisure demand as well as strengthening group demand, which was higher than 2019 levels in certain regions during the 2022 fourth quarter. business transient demand also continued to improve during 2022, although it continued to lag behind 2019 levels.
revpar in 2022 compared to 2021 improved 46.5 percent in our u.s. & canada segment, 66.2 percent in our international segment, and 51.0 percent worldwide. revpar in 2022 compared to pre-pandemic 2019 levels declined 4.0 percent worldwide, with improvement in the decline each succeeding quarter during 2022 for each of our segments and worldwide.
in the u.s. & canada, revpar declined only 0.8 percent in 2022 compared to 2019, due to a decline in occupancy of 6.0 percentage points, partially offset by adr growth of 8.1 percent. in the 2022 fourth quarter, u.s. & canada revpar improved 5.2 percent compared to the same period in 2019, due to adr growth of 11.1 percent, partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 3.7 percentage points. the decline in occupancy as compared to 2019 improved sequentially in each quarter of 2022, reflecting strong demand recovery in many markets within the u.s. & canada.
although covid-19's negative impact on our business has significantly decreased and we saw strong global revpar improvement in 2022, our business is subject to the effects of changes in global and regional conditions and these conditions can change rapidly. we continue to monitor global economic conditions, and although we are not currently seeing signs of a slowdown in lodging demand, the lodging booking window is short and trends can change quickly.
starwood data security incident on november 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database (the "data security incident"). the starwood reservations database is no longer used for business operations.
we are currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already recorded. however, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants) related to the data security incident. in addition, certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program. we expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods in excess of the amounts already recorded, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants as well as costs associated with compliance with any settlements or resolutions of matters). see note 7 for additional information related to legal proceedings and governmental investigations related to the data security incident.
system growth and pipeline in 2022, our system grew from 7,989 properties (1,479,179 rooms) at year-end 2021 to 8,288 properties (1,525,407 rooms) at year-end 2022, reflecting gross additions of 394 properties (65,376 rooms) and deletions of 94 properties (19,079 rooms), including the impact of the company's decision to suspend its operations in russia. approximately 61 percent of our 2022 gross room additions were located outside u.s. & canada, and 27 percent were conversions from competitor brands.
table of contents at year-end 2022, we had more than 496,000 hotel rooms in our development pipeline, which includes approximately 199,000 hotel rooms under construction and roughly 22,300 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. over half of the rooms in our development pipeline are outside u.s. & canada. in 2022, we signed 726 new management and franchise agreements, representing nearly 108,000 rooms, of which approximately half of the rooms are located outside u.s. & canada. our select hotel brands continued to be a key growth driver globally with 523 hotel properties signed during 2022. in particular, our longer stay brands, which include element hotels, residence inn, and towneplace suites, accounted for 30 percent of the company's signings in 2022. in addition, contracts signed in 2022 reflected the company's strength in the luxury tier, with 42 luxury hotel agreements signed, representing nearly 8,000 rooms. conversions accounted for nearly 20 percent of rooms signings in 2022.
in 2023, we expect total gross rooms growth of approximately 5.5 percent and net rooms growth of 4.0 to 4.5 percent, including approximately 1.1 percent from the anticipated addition of rooms associated with the city express brand acquisition discussed in note 3, which are not reflected in the development pipeline discussed above.
lodging statistics the following tables present revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics for comparable properties for 2022, and 2022 compared to 2021. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
table of contents consolidated results our consolidated results in 2022 improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19. the discussion below presents an additional analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2022 compared to 2021.
the increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revpar and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($25 million).
the increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher revpar, higher co-branded credit card fees ($119 million) and unit growth ($109 million), partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($17 million).
the increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at certain managed hotels and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($16 million). in 2022, we earned incentive management fees from 61 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 47 percent in 2021. we earned incentive management fees from 29 percent of our u.s. & canada managed properties and 76 percent of our international managed properties in 2022, compared to 13 percent in u.s. & canada and 63 percent in international in 2021. in addition, 58 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2022 came from our international managed properties versus 71 percent in 2021.
cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) varies due to timing differences between the costs we incur for centralized programs and services and the related reimbursements we receive from hotel owners and franchisees. over the long term, our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. see note 2 for more information about the accounting for cost reimbursements, including our loyalty program.
equity in earnings (losses)                 18                   (24)                    42                           175    %
interest expense decreased primarily due to lower average debt balances driven by senior notes maturities and repurchases.
equity in earnings (losses) changed, primarily due to our share of the gains on the sales of properties ($23 million) and higher profits related to our equity method investments.
(provision) benefit for income taxes         $(756)                   $(81)        $(675)                          (833)     %
our tax provision increased in 2022, compared to our tax provision in 2021, primarily due to the increase in operating income ($422 million), the prior year release of tax reserves due to favorable audit resolutions ($143 million), the prior year tax benefit from the loss on extinguishment of debt ($42 million), and the current year tax expense from the completion of prior years' tax audits ($27 million).
table of contents business segments our segment results in 2022 improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19. the following discussion presents an additional analysis of the operating results of our reportable business segments.
segment profit              2,446                    1,394                   1,052                            75    %
segment profit                794                      258      536                                          208    %
u.s. & canada u.s. & canada segment profit increased primarily due to the following:
•$906 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide revpar driven by increases in both adr and occupancy, higher profits at certain managed hotels, and unit growth;
•$23 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily reflecting a favorable litigation settlement in 2021 ($18 million).
international international segment profit increased primarily due to the following:
•$349 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide revpar driven by increases in both adr and occupancy in all regions except greater china, higher profits at certain managed hotels, and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($56 million);
table of contents liquidity and capital resources our credit facility in the 2022 fourth quarter, we amended and restated our $4.5 billion multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility"). available borrowings under the credit facility support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at sofr (the secured overnight financing rate) plus a spread based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. we classify outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. the credit facility expires on december 14, 2027.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to ebitda, each as defined in the credit facility) to not more than 4.5 to 1.0. our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios.
we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and liquidity needs.
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. we believe the credit facility, and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements.
commercial paper we issue commercial paper in the u.s. because we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. we do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the credit facility and access to capital markets.
cash from operations net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1,186 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to higher net income (adjusted for non-cash items and the prior year loss on extinguishment of debt), partially offset by higher cash paid for income taxes and working capital changes driven by accounts receivable timing. cash inflow from our loyalty program in 2020 included $920 million of cash received from the prepayment of certain future revenues under the 2020 amendments to our existing u.s.-issued co-branded credit card agreements, which reduced in both 2021 and 2022, and will in the future reduce, the amount of cash we receive from these card issuers. we expect such reductions to end by year-end 2023.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2022 and 0.6 to 1.0 at year-end 2021. we have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
investing activities cash flows capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital and technology expenditures of $332 million in 2022 and $183 million in 2021. capital and technology expenditures in 2022 increased by $149 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher spending on improvements to our worldwide technology systems.
we expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $850 million to $1 billion for 2023, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities (including approximately $300 million for maintenance capital spending). this estimate also includes $100 million of investment spending related to the city express brand acquisition discussed in note 3, which we currently expect to close in the first half of 2023, and approximately $160 million of renovation spending on hotels that we expect to sell after renovations are complete.
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. we have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity table of contents investments. over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to $3 million in 2022, compared to net collections of $27 million in 2021. at year-end 2022, we had $162 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans outstanding, compared to $153 million outstanding at year-end 2021.
financing activities cash flows debt. debt decreased by $74 million in 2022, to $10,064 million at year-end 2022 from $10,138 million at year-end 2021, primarily due to lower outstanding credit facility borrowings ($1,050 million), the maturity of our series q notes ($399 million), the maturity of our series dd notes ($224 million), and the redemption of our series l notes ($173 million), partially offset by the issuance of our series jj notes ($983 million) and higher outstanding commercial paper borrowings ($868 million). see note 9 for additional information on the senior notes issuance and redemption.
our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2022, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 4.1 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 5.8 years. including the effect of interest rate swaps, the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.9 to 1.0 at year-end 2022.
see the "our credit facility," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section for more information on our credit facility.
share repurchases and dividends. we repurchased 16.8 million shares of our common stock for $2.6 billion in 2022. year-to-date through february 10, 2023, we repurchased 2.5 million shares for $400 million. for additional information, see "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters, and issuer purchases of equity securities" in part ii, item 5.
•at year-end 2022, we had $11,989 million of debt, including principal and future interest payments, of which $1,032 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2022. see note 9 for further information about our long-term debt.
•at december 31, 2022, projected deemed repatriation transition tax payments under the u.s. tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017, commonly referred to as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, totaled $336 million, of which $89 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2022.
•the company also had guarantees, a contingent purchase obligation, commitments, and letters of credit as of year-end 2022, which are discussed in note 7. the majority of our guarantee commitments are not expected to be funded within the next 12 months from year-end 2022. in addition to the purchase obligations discussed in note 7, in the normal course of business, we enter into purchase commitments and incur other obligations to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since our contracts with owners require reimbursement for these amounts, these obligations are expected to have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
table of contents critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
see note 2 for further information related to our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty program, including how we estimate the breakage of hotel points, credit card points, and free night certificates, the volume of points and free night certificates that will be issued under our co-branded credit card agreements, the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled under our co-branded credit card agreements, and the stand-alone selling prices of goods and services provided under our co-branded credit card agreements. changes in these estimates could result in material changes to our liability for guest loyalty program and loyalty program revenue. based on the conditions existing at december 31, 2022 and holding other factors constant, a one percent decrease in our estimate of the breakage of points could result in an increase in the liability for guest loyalty program of approximately $50 million. the breakage impact may vary significantly depending on the specific loyalty program points for which the anticipated breakage changes.
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill. during the 2022 fourth quarter, we conducted our annual goodwill impairment test and no impairment charges were recorded. the estimated fair values of all our reporting units significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets. during 2022, we evaluated our intangibles and long-lived asset groups for impairment and did not record any material impairment charges. the estimated fair values of all our indefinite-lived intangible assets significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.