item 1a - risk factors an investment in martin marietta common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. you should consider the following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this form 10-k, before deciding to purchase or otherwise trade the company's securities.
this form 10-k and other written reports and oral statements made from time to time by the company contain statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that the company believes in good faith are reasonable, but which may be materially different from actual results. investors can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historic or current facts. the words "may," "will," "could," "should," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "intend," "outlook," "plan," "project," "scheduled," and similar expressions in connection with future events or future operating or financial performance are intended to identify forward-looking statements. any or all of the company's forward-looking statements in this form 10‐k and in other publications may turn out to be wrong.
statements and assumptions on future revenues, income and cash flows, performance, economic trends, the outcome of litigation, regulatory compliance, and environmental remediation cost estimates are examples of forward-looking statements. numerous factors, including potentially the risk factors described in this section, could affect the company's forward-looking statements and actual performance.
investors are also cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. other factors besides those listed may also adversely affect the company and may be material to the company. the company has listed the known material risks it considers relevant in evaluating the company and its operations. the forward-looking statements in this document are intended to be subject to the safe harbor protection provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the exchange act. these forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof based on management's current expectations, and the company does not undertake an obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required by law.
for a discussion identifying some important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see the factors listed below, along with the discussion of "competition" under item 1 of this form 10-k, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" under item 7 of this form 10-k, and "note a: accounting policies" and "note o: commitments and contingencies" of the "notes to financial statements" of the company's consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplemental data," of this form 10-k.
industry risk factors our business depends on activity within the construction industry, which can be cyclical economic and political uncertainty can impede growth in the markets in which we operate. demand for our products, particularly in the private nonresidential and residential construction markets, could decline if companies and consumers are unable to obtain credit for construction projects or if an economic slowdown causes delays or cancellations of capital projects. state and federal budget issues may also undermine the funding available for infrastructure spending. the lack of available credit may limit the ability of states to issue bonds to finance construction projects. as a result of these issues, several of our top revenue-generating states, from time to time, stop bidding or slow bid projects in their transportation departments.
we sell most of our aggregates (our primary business) and our cement products to the construction industry and, therefore, our results depend on that industry's strength. since our businesses depend on construction spending, which can be cyclical, our profits are sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions and the intensity of the underlying spending on aggregates and cement products. construction spending is affected by economic conditions, changes in interest rates, inflation, employment levels, demographic and population shifts, and changes in construction spending by federal, state and local governments. if economic conditions worsen, a recession in the construction industry may occur and affect the demand for our products. the recession of the late 2000s and early 2010s (the great recession) was an example, and our shipment volumes were significantly reduced and remain below peak shipment levels excluding the contribution of acquisitions. construction spending can also be disrupted by terrorist activity and armed conflicts.
form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors while our business operations cover a wide geographic area, our earnings depend on the strength of the local economies in which we operate due to the high cost to transport our products relative to their selling price. if economic conditions and construction spending decline significantly in one or more areas, particularly in our building materials business' top five revenue-generating states of texas, colorado, north carolina, minnesota and california, our profitability will decrease. we experienced this situation during the great recession.
demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, is affected by federal, state and local budget and deficit issues. remote working trends or other factors that reduce miles driven can have a negative impact on various revenue streams that fund roadway projects. further, delays or cancellations of projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets, which combined accounted for 60% of aggregates shipments in 2022, could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence continues to be eroded by economic uncertainty.
our building materials business is seasonal and subject to the weather, which can significantly impact operations since the heavy-side construction business is conducted outdoors, erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions affect our business. adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes and tropical storms, cold weather, snow, heavy or sustained rainfall, wildfires and earthquakes, reduce construction activity, restrict the demand for our products and impede our ability to efficiently transport material. adverse weather conditions also increase our costs and reduce our production output as a result of power loss, needed plant and equipment repairs, time required to remove water from flooded operations and similar events. severe drought conditions can restrict available water supplies and restrict production. production and shipment levels of the building materials business' products follow activity in the construction industry, which typically is strongest in the spring, summer and fall. because of the weather's effect on the construction industry's activity, the production and shipment levels for our building materials business, including all of our aggregates-related downstream operations, vary by quarter. the second and third quarters are generally subject to heavy precipitation, and thus are more profitable if precipitation is lighter. the first and fourth quarters, which are subject to the impacts of winter weather, are generally the least profitable, but can be more profitable if the impact of winter weather is less. our operations in the southeastern and gulf coast regions of the united states and the bahamas are at risk for hurricane activity, most notably in august, september and october. our california operations are at risk for pacific ocean storms, wildfire activity and water use restrictions in the event of severe drought conditions. in california, recent storms and flooding have caused operational delays and challenges. these weather events and conditions may be exacerbated by climate change in the near and long term.
competition and growth risk factors our building materials business depends on the availability of quality aggregates reserves or deposits and our ability to mine them economically our challenge is to find quality aggregates deposits that we can mine economically, with appropriate permits, near either growing markets or long-haul transportation corridors that economically serve applicable markets. as communities in many of our geographic markets have grown, they have settled in and around attractive quarrying locations and have imposed restrictions on mining. we try to meet this challenge by identifying and permitting sites prior to economic expansion, buying more land around our existing quarries to increase our mineral reserves, developing underground mines and developing a distribution network that transports aggregates products by various methods, including rail and water. while our distribution network allows us to transport our products longer distances than would normally be considered economical, we can give no assurances that we will be successful at this strategy.
our businesses face many competitors our businesses have many competitors, some of whom are bigger and have more resources than we do. some of our competitors operate on a worldwide basis. our results are affected by the number of competitors in a market, the production capacity that a particular market can accommodate, the pricing practices of other competitors and the entry of new competitors in a market. we also face competition for some of our products from alternative products. for example, our magnesia specialties business may compete with other chemical products that could be used instead of our magnesia-based products. as other examples, our aggregates, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving businesses may compete with recycled asphalt and concrete products that could be used in certain applications instead of new products and our cement operations form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors may compete with international competitors who import products into the united states from jurisdictions with lower production and regulatory costs.
our future growth may depend in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry, and we may acquire businesses by paying all or in part with shares of our common stock we expect to continue to grow, in part, by acquiring other businesses. in the past, we have made acquisitions to strengthen our existing locations, expand our operations and enter new geographic markets. we will continue to pursue selective acquisitions, joint ventures or other business arrangements we believe will help our company grow. however, the continued success of our acquisition program will depend on our ability to find and buy other attractive businesses at an appropriate price and our ability to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations. we cannot assume there will continue to be attractive acquisition opportunities for sale at reasonable prices that we can successfully integrate into our operations.
we may decide to pay all or part of the purchase price of any future acquisition with shares of our common stock. we may also use our stock to make strategic investments in other companies to complement and expand our operations. if we use our common stock in this way, the ownership interests of our existing shareholders at that time will be diluted and the price of our stock could decline. we operate our businesses with the objective of maximizing long-term shareholder return.
our integration of the acquisition or business combination with other businesses may not be as successful as projected we have a successful history of business combinations and integration of these businesses into our heritage operations. however, in connection with the integration of any other business that we acquire, there is a risk that we will not be able to achieve such integration in a successful manner or on the time schedule we have projected or in a way that will achieve the level of synergies, cost savings or operating efficiencies we forecast from the acquisition.
any significant business acquisition or combination we might choose to undertake may require that we devote significant management attention and resources to preparing for and then integrating our business practices and operations. based on our history, we believe we would be successful in this integration process. nevertheless, we may fail to realize some of the anticipated benefits of any potential acquisition or other business combination that we pursue in the future if the integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected. potential difficulties we may encounter in the integration process include the following:
•inability to successfully combine operations in a manner that permits us to achieve the synergies anticipated to result from the proposed acquisition or business combination, which would result in the anticipated benefits of the form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors acquisition or business combination not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
•lost sales and customers as a result of certain customers of either the company or former customers of the acquired or combined company deciding not to do business with us;
•complexities associated with managing the combined operations;
•integration of personnel;
•creation of uniform standards, internal controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
•discovery of previously unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory issues associated with integrating the remaining operations; and
•performance shortfalls at business units as a result of the diversion of management attention caused by completing the remaining integration of the operations.
our acquisitions and divestitures could harm our results of operations in pursuing our business strategy, we conduct discussions, evaluate opportunities and enter into acquisition and divestiture agreements. acquisitions involve significant challenges and risks, including risks that:
•we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment;
•we may not obtain required regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms;
•we may not be able to retain key personnel of acquired businesses;
•we may experience difficulty in integrating new employees, business systems and technology;
•our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities that are in existence at the time of our acquisition;
•we may not be able to bring the acquired business up to our expected levels of safety standards as soon as anticipated;
•we may have difficulty entering into new geographic markets in which we are not experienced; or
•we may be unable to retain the customers and partners of acquired businesses following the acquisition.
divestitures also involve significant challenges and risks, including risks that:
•we may not obtain required regulatory approvals or our counterparties may not obtain required financing on favorable terms;
•management time and attention may be diverted in businesses held for sale;
•we may have to write-off certain assets, including those relating to goodwill and other intangibles;
our cement and magnesia specialties businesses may become capacity-constrained if our cement or magnesia specialties businesses becomes and/or remains capacity-constrained, we may be unable to timely satisfy the demand for some of our products, and any resulting changes in customers would introduce volatility to the earnings of these segments. we can address capacity needs by enhancing our manufacturing productivity, increasing the operational availability of equipment, reducing machinery down time and extending machinery useful life. future demand for our products may require us to expand our manufacturing capacity further, particularly through the purchase of additional manufacturing equipment. however, we may not be able to increase our capacity in time to satisfy increases in demand that may occur from time to time. our texas cement operations are currently capacity constrained, which may prevent us from satisfying customer orders and result in a loss of sales to competitors that are not capacity-constrained. we are permitted to expand annual production by up to 0.8 million additional tons at our midlothian cement plant and are currently in the process of effecting an expansion to add 0.5 million tons of annual production capacity. however, we may suffer excess capacity if we increase our capacity to meet actual or anticipated demand and that demand decreases or does not materialize.
form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors our cement business could suffer if cement or clinker imports from other countries significantly increase or are sold in the united states in violation of u.s. fair trade laws in the past, the cement industry has benefited from antidumping orders imposing duties on imports of cement and clinker from other countries that violated u.s. fair trade laws. cement operators with import facilities can purchase cement from other countries, such as those in latin america and asia, which could compete with domestic producers. in addition, if environmental regulations increase the costs of domestic producers compared to foreign producers that are not subject to similar regulations, imported cement could achieve a significant cost advantage over domestically produced cement. an influx of cement or clinker products from countries not subject to antidumping orders, or sales of imported cement or clinker in violation of u.s. fair trade laws, could adversely affect our cement product line.
economic, political and legal risk factors changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning, land use, the environment, health and safety and other areas of the law, as well as litigation relating to these matters, affect our businesses. our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities many federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to zoning, land use, air emissions (including carbon dioxide and other ghgs), water use, allocation and discharges, waste management, noise and dust control, mining, land reclamation and other environmental, health and safety matters govern our operations. some of our operations require permits, which may impose additional operating standards and are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. certain of our operations may from time to time involve the use of substances that are classified as toxic or hazardous within the meaning of these laws and regulations. despite our extensive efforts to remain in strict compliance at all times with all applicable laws and regulations, the risk of liabilities, particularly environmental liabilities, is inherent in the operation of our businesses. these potential liabilities could result in material costs, including fines or personal injury or damages claims, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability.
future events, including changes in existing laws or regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards of some of our products or business activities may result in additional or unanticipated compliance and other costs. we could be required to invest in preventive or remedial action, like pollution control facilities, which could be substantial or which could result in restrictions on our operations or delays in obtaining required permits or other approvals.
our operations are subject to manufacturing, operating and handling risks associated with the products we produce and the products we use in our operations, including the related storage and transportation of raw materials, explosives, products, hazardous substances and wastes. we are exposed to hazards including storage tank leaks, explosions, discharges or releases of hazardous substances, exposure to dust, and the operation of mobile equipment and manufacturing machinery.
these risks can subject us to potentially significant liabilities relating to personal injury, death or property damage, and may result in civil or criminal penalties, which could hurt our productivity or profitability. for example, from time to time, we investigate and remediate environmental contamination relating to our prior or current operations, as well as operations we have acquired from others, and, in some cases, we have been or could be named as a defendant in litigation brought by governmental agencies or private parties to investigate or clean-up such contamination.
we are involved from time to time in litigation and claims arising from our operations. while we do not believe the outcome of pending or threatened litigation will have a material adverse effect on our operations or our financial condition, an unexpected and material adverse outcome in a pending or future legal action could potentially have a negative effect on our company.
legislation or regulations to address climate change and transition to a low-carbon economy may adversely impact our business, including financial impacts a number of governmental bodies, including the u.s. congress and various u.s. states, have proposed, enacted or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes to mitigate or address the potential impacts of climate change, including provisions for ghg emissions reductions or the use of alternative fuels, carbon credits (such as a cap-and-trade system) and a carbon tax. for example, in the united states, the usepa promulgated a mandatory reporting rule covering ghg emissions from sources considered to be large emitters. the usepa has also promulgated a ghg emissions permitting rule, referred to form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors as the tailoring rule, which may require some industrial facilities to obtain operating permits for ghg emissions under the u.s. clean air act. the u.s. supreme court subsequently ruled in june 2014 that the usepa exceeded its statutory authority in issuing the tailoring rule but upheld the bact requirements for ghgs emitted by sources that already require title v operating permits or are subject to psd requirements for other pollutants. it is currently unclear whether the usepa will proceed with revisions of the tailoring rule or proceed in a different direction, nor is it known how the usepa may revise the bact requirements. if future modifications to our magnesia specialties or cement facilities require psd review for other pollutants, ghg permitting requirements may also be triggered, which could require us to incur significant additional costs. it is not possible, however, to estimate the cost of any future requirements at this time.
u.s. president biden also has taken a number of steps to make climate change a central focus of his administration, including issuing a pair of executive orders and a presidential memorandum making climate change central to u.s. policy and setting out several administrative priorities and undertakings to reduce ghg emissions. president biden reentered the paris agreement in january 2021 and later announced the united states' reduction commitments under the paris agreement, including a 50% to 52% economy-wide reduction in net ghg emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. the biden administration has also entered a pact with 103 countries and jurisdictions, known as the global methane pledge, to reduce global methane emissions by 30% from 2020 levels by the end of the decade. although it is still too early to determine the actions the federal government will ultimately take to implement these or other orders, commitments and laws, or the full scope, timing or ramifications of such measures, it is clear that the biden administration has begun to make, and intends to continue to pursue, a significant and sweeping push on the climate front and, like other signatories to the paris agreement, intends to pursue a goal of a net zero ghg by 2050. these measures, combined with continued focus by the administration, also suggest that additional executive and/or legislative action is likely, although the timing and scope of such action is unclear. additionally, it seems probable that the usepa and other agencies will use their rule-making authority and procurement decisions to further address climate change. various states where we have operations have enacted or are considering climate change initiatives as well, and we have been and may continue to be subject to state regulations in addition to any federal laws and rules that are passed. for example, california has had a cap-and-trade program for emissions rights since 2012.
in addition, although our aggregates, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving operations are not considered "major" sources of ghg emissions subject to the usepa reporting rule, any additional regulatory restrictions on emissions of ghgs imposed by the usepa would likely impact our magnesia-based chemicals operations in woodville, ohio, and manistee, michigan, as well as our two cement plants in texas and our cement plant in california, each of which currently file annual reports of ghg emissions as required by the usepa reporting rule. we may not be able to recover any increased operating costs, taxes or capital investments (other than with respect to any carbon reduction or capture technologies) relating to ghg emission limitations at those plants from our customers in order to remain competitive in pricing in the relevant markets. our businesses also are dependent on reliable sources of energy and fuels. we could incur increased costs or disruptions in our operations if climate change legislation and regulation (including regulatory changes with respect to alternative fuel use) or severe weather affect the price or availability of purchased energy or fuels or other materials used in our operations.
while we do not currently believe such requirements will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of the operations of either the magnesia specialties business or building materials business, in light of the various regulatory uncertainties, it is very difficult at this time to reasonably predict the costs of any future compliance requirements. we continue to monitor ghg regulations and legislation and its potential impact on our business, financial condition and product demand.
climate change may result in physical impacts that could have adverse effects on our operations or financial condition given the nature of our operations, physical impacts may include disruptions in production, regional supply or product distribution networks, as well as negative impacts on the price or availability of purchased energy or fuels, due to major storm events or other severe weather, shifts in regional rainfall and temperature patterns and intensities, and flooding from sea level changes. in addition, production and shipment demand for our building materials business correlate with general construction activity and rely on road, rail and water transportation networks, most of which occurs outdoors and, as a result, is affected by erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes and other unusual or unexpected weather-related conditions, which can significantly affect that business. in our cement and downstream operations business, the physical impacts of climate change may result in disruptions to our operations and to our customers' transportation activities, including impacts on production capabilities and capacities, supply chain interruptions and project delays, which can impact our reputation and result in additional costs to our company. excessive rainfall and other severe weather events also jeopardize production, shipments and profitability in all markets served by our building materials business. in particular, our operations in the southeastern and form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors gulf coast regions of the united states and the bahamas are at risk for hurricane activity, most notably in august, september and october. in addition, our california operations are at risk for wildfires, which is exacerbated by prolonged drought, which may also result in water restrictions, while recent unprecedented storms and flooding have caused operational delays and challenges. increased intensity and frequency of extreme weather events have been linked to climate change, and further global warming may increase the risk of adverse weather conditions. climate and inclement weather can also reduce the useful life of an asset. these and other climate-related risks, such as a downturn in the construction sector due to harsh weather, significant precipitation or other changes in weather, could impact our customers, which could lead to reduced demand for our products. we may not be able to pass on to our customers all the costs related to mitigating these risks.
our business is dependent on funding from a combination of federal, state and local sources our products are used in public infrastructure projects, which include the construction, maintenance and improvement of highways, streets, roads, bridges, schools and similar projects. accordingly, our business is dependent on the level of federal, state and local spending on these projects. the visibility into future federal infrastructure funding was clarified and stabilized to some extent in 2015 with the passage of the fixing america's surface transportation, or fast act, which reauthorized federal highway and transportation funding programs. further clarification was provided with the passage of the $1 trillion iij act in november 2021, which contains a five-year surface transportation reauthorization plus $110 billion in new funding for roads, bridges and other hard infrastructure projects. at the federal level, we expect to see a meaningful impact from the iij act beginning in 2023. further, we continue to expect to see increased infrastructure spending at the state and local levels in 2023, aided by $10 billion for state departments of transportation provided by the december 2020 federal stimulus package, the cornyn-padilla amendment that allows $104 billion of unused covid-19 dollars to be directed to infrastructure projects and $23 billion of approved 2022 ballot initiatives. we cannot be assured, however, of the amount and timing of appropriations for spending on infrastructure projects.
our businesses could be impacted by rising interest rates our operations are highly dependent upon the interest rate-sensitive construction and steelmaking industries. therefore, our business in these industries may decline if interest rates rise and costs increase.
notably, demand in the residential construction market in which we sell our aggregates products is affected by interest rates. the federal reserve aggressively raised interest rates throughout 2022 to address high inflation. the higher interest rates may affect our business in an adverse manner. the residential construction market accounted for 24% of our aggregates shipments in 2022.
aside from these inherent risks from within our operations, our earnings are also affected by changes in short-term interest rates. however, rising interest rates are not necessarily predictive of weaker operating results.
rising interest rates could also result in disruptions in the credit markets, which could affect our business, as described in greater detail under disruptions in the credit markets could affect our business risk factor.
form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors increases in our effective income tax rate may harm our results of operations a number of factors may increase our future effective income tax rate, including:
•governmental authorities increasing taxes or eliminating deductions, particularly the depletion deduction;
•the mix of earnings from depletable versus non-depletable businesses;
•the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities;
•changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities;
•changes in available tax credits;
•changes in stock-based compensation;
•other changes in tax laws; and
•the interpretation of tax laws and/or administrative practices.
the iij act imposes a minimum corporate income tax rate of 15% on companies with at least $1 billion of pretax earnings. any significant increase in our future effective income tax rate could reduce our net earnings and free cash flow for future periods.
environmental, social and governance matters and any related reporting obligations may impact our businesses investors, other stakeholders, and u.s. and international regulators are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance (esg) matters. for example, new proposed u.s. laws and regulations relating to and requiring disclosure of esg matters, including those relating to sustainability, climate change, supply chain, human capital, diversity and cybersecurity, are under consideration or being adopted, or may be proposed in the future. these requirements have resulted in and may continue to result in our need to make additional investments and implement new practices and reporting processes, all entailing management attention and additional compliance risk. any failure or perceived failure to achieve or accurately report on our current or future esg-related commitments, including our ghg reduction and net zero targets, and any differences between our commitments and those of any companies to which we are compared, could harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to effectively compete (including as a result of disclosure of proprietary information regarding our plants or changes in our ability to raise capital), adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts or expose us to potential legal liability. in addition, while we are committed to pursuing our sustainability objectives, there is no assurance that we will achieve any of our esg goals or commitments, that low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies required to meet long-term emissions reductions in some of the sectors in which we operate will be available at scale in the u.s. on an economically feasible basis or that our suppliers can meet sustainability, diversity and other standards that are required by current or future laws or established by our investors and other stakeholders. failure to meet these commitments could result in reputational harm to our company and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory and compliance risks and costs.
our businesses could be adversely affected by new waves of covid-19 or its variants, or any other outbreak of disease, epidemic or pandemic, or similar public health threat, or fear of such an event and its related economic and societal response our businesses could be negatively impacted by the widespread outbreak of an illness or other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis that results in economic and trade disruptions. public health threats like covid-19 or its variants can negatively impact economic activity, consumer confidence and discretionary spending, and overall market conditions and these conditions could have an impact on our company to the extent that they occur in regions where our building materials business principally operates.  further, covid-19 or other outbreaks of illnesses could negatively affect the health of our employees, employee productivity, customer purchasing patterns and fulfillment of purchase orders, availability of supplies, pricing for raw materials and the ability to transport materials via the company's distribution network. we actively monitor public health situations as part of our health and safety measures and acted during the pandemic to comply with federal, state and local mandates and to protect the health and safety of our employees. we may take further actions that alter our business operations, including any that may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors interests of our employees, customers, suppliers, vendors, communities and other stakeholders as we adapt to public health events from time to time.
personnel risks labor disputes could disrupt operations of our businesses labor unions represent approximately 15% of the hourly employees of our building materials business and all of the hourly employees of our magnesia specialties business. our collective bargaining agreements for employees of our magnesia specialties business at the woodville, ohio, lime plant and the manistee, michigan magnesia chemicals plant expire in june 2026 and august 2027, respectively.
disputes with our trade unions, or the inability to renew our labor agreements, could lead to strikes or other actions that could disrupt our businesses, raise costs and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations.
we depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our business our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued services of, and on our ability to attract and retain, our key personnel and executive officers, including qualified management, technical, marketing and sales, and support personnel. competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining such qualified personnel, which could negatively affect our business. in addition, because of our reliance on our senior management team, the unanticipated departure of any key member could have an adverse effect on our business. our future success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and develop or recruit talent to succeed our senior management and other key positions throughout the organization. if we fail to identify and develop or recruit successors, we are at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees. effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
investment returns on our pension assets may be lower than expected, or interest rates may decline, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our benefit plans a portion of our current and former employees has accrued benefits under our defined benefit pension plans. requirements for funding our pension plan liabilities are based on a number of actuarial assumptions, including the expected rate of return on our plan assets and the discount rate applied to our pension plan obligations. fluctuations in equity market returns and changes in long-term interest rates could increase our costs under our defined benefit pension plans and may significantly affect future contribution requirements. it is unknown what the actual investment return on our pension assets will be in future years and what interest rates may be at any given point in time. we cannot therefore provide any assurance of what our actual pension plan costs will be in the future, or whether we will be required under applicable law to make future material plan contributions.
our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations could be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners we are subject to regulation under a wide variety of u.s. federal and state and some non-u.s. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anticorruption, antibribery, export and import compliance, antitrust and money laundering, due to our operations. we cannot provide assurance our compliance policies and internal controls will always protect us from the improper conduct of our employees, agents and business partners. any violations of law or improper conduct could damage our reputation and, depending on the circumstances, subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, equitable remedies (including profit disgorgement and injunctions on future conduct), securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our stock.
financial, accounting and cost management risk factors our business is a capital-intensive business the property and machinery needed to produce our products are very expensive. therefore, we require large amounts of cash to operate our businesses. we believe that our cash on hand, along with our projected operating cash flows and our available form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors financing resources, is adequate to support our anticipated operating and capital needs. our ability to generate sufficient cash flow depends on future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash to operate our business, we may be required, among other things, to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures.
our earnings are affected by the application of accounting standards and our critical accounting policies, which involve subjective judgments and estimates by our management. our estimates and assumptions could be wrong the accounting standards we use in preparing our financial statements are often complex and require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in interpreting and applying those standards. these estimates and assumptions involve matters that are inherently uncertain and require our subjective and complex judgments. if we used different estimates and assumptions or used different ways to determine these estimates, our financial results could differ.
while we believe our estimates and assumptions are appropriate, we could be wrong. accordingly, our financial results could be different, either higher or lower. we urge you to read "critical accounting policies and estimates" included under item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of the form 10-k.
the adoption of new accounting standards may affect our financial results the accounting standards we apply in preparing our financial statements are reviewed by regulatory bodies and are periodically changed. new or revised accounting standards could, either positively or negatively, affect results reported for periods after adoption of the standards as compared with the prior periods, or require retrospective application changing results reported for prior periods. we urge you to read about our accounting policies in note a: accounting policies of our consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," of this form 10-k.
reports from the public company accounting oversight board's (pcaob) inspections of public accounting firms continue to outline findings and recommendations that could require these firms to perform additional work as part of their financial statement audits. our costs to respond to these additional requirements may increase.
impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our financial results goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by management at least annually. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the reporting unit's goodwill is considered impaired and a non-cash charge to earnings is recorded for the difference. if the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its fair value, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. future events may occur that would adversely affect the fair value of our goodwill or other acquired intangible assets and require impairment charges. such events may include, but are not limited to, lower-than-forecasted revenues, construction growth rates that fall below our assumptions, actions of key customers, increases in discount rates, continued economic uncertainty, higher levels of unemployment, weak consumer confidence, lower levels of discretionary consumer spending and a decline in the trading price of our common stock. we continue to evaluate the impact of economic and other developments to assess whether impairment indicators are present. accordingly, we may be required to perform impairment tests based on changes in the economic environment and other factors, and these tests could result in impairment charges in the future.
disruptions in the credit markets could affect our business we have considered the current economic environment and its potential impact to our business. demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, has historically been negatively affected by federal and state budget challenges and the uncertainty over future highway funding levels. further, delays or cancellations to capital projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence is eroded by economic uncertainty.
a recessionary construction economy can also increase the likelihood we will not be able to collect all of our accounts receivable from our customers. we are protected in part, however, by payment bonds posted by many of our customers or end-users, as well as statutory lien rights. nevertheless, we may experience a delay in payment from some of our customers during a form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors construction downturn, which would negatively affect operating cash flows. historically, our bad debt write-offs have not been significant to our operating results, and we believe our allowance for credit losses is adequate.
the credit environment could impact our ability to borrow money in the future. additional financing or refinancing might not be available and, if available, may not be at economically favorable terms. further, an increase in leverage could lead to deterioration in our credit ratings. a reduction in our credit ratings, regardless of the cause, could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing and/or increase our cost of obtaining financing. there is no guarantee we will be able to access the capital markets at financially economical interest rates, which could negatively affect our business.
we may be required to obtain financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions, if they arise, or to refinance our outstanding debt. it is possible a large strategic acquisition would require that we issue new equity and debt securities in order to maintain our investment-grade credit rating and could result in a ratings downgrade notwithstanding our issuance of equity securities to fund the transaction. we are also exposed to risks from tightening credit markets, through the interest payable on any variable-rate debt, including the interest cost on future borrowings under our credit facilities. while we believe our credit ratings will remain at a composite investment-grade level, we cannot be assured these ratings will remain at those levels. also, while we believe our company will continue to have adequate credit available to meet its needs, there can be no assurance of that.
our magnesia specialties business faces currency risks from its overseas activities our magnesia specialties business sells some of its products outside the united states. therefore, the operations of the magnesia specialties business are affected from time to time by the fluctuating values of the currency exchange rates of the countries in which it does business in relation to the value of the u.s. dollar. the business tries to mitigate the short-term effects of currency exchange rates by primarily denominating sales in the u.s. dollar. this still leaves the business subject to certain risks, depending on the strength of the u.s. dollar.
unexpected equipment failures, catastrophic events and scheduled maintenance may lead to production curtailments or shutdowns our manufacturing processes are dependent upon critical pieces of equipment, such as our kilns and finishing mills. this equipment, on occasion, may be out of service as a result of planned or unplanned maintenance, failures or damage during accidents. in addition to equipment failures, our facilities are also subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, explosions or violent weather conditions. we have scheduled outages that can range from one to several weeks at least once a year to refurbish our cement and dolomitic lime production facilities. in 2022, our cement and magnesia specialties operations incurred shutdown costs of $33.3 million and $6.0 million, respectively. any significant interruption in production capability may require us to make significant capital expenditures to remedy problems or damage as well as cause us to lose revenue due to lost production time.
our paving operations present additional risks to our business our paving operations face challenges when our contracts have penalties for late completion. in some instances, including many of our fixed-price contracts, we guarantee project completion by a certain date. if we subsequently fail to complete the project as scheduled, we may be held responsible for costs resulting from the delay, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. under these circumstances, the total project cost could exceed our original estimate, and we could experience a loss of profit or a loss on the project. in our paving operations, we also have fixed-price and fixed-unit-price contracts where our profits can be adversely affected by a number of factors beyond our control, which can cause our actual costs to materially exceed the costs estimated at the time of our original bid. these same issues and risks can also impact some of our contracts in our asphalt and ready mixed concrete operations. these risks are somewhat mitigated by the fact that a majority of our road paving contracts are for short-term projects.
our ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving product lines have lower profit margins and operating results can be more volatile our ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving operations typically generate lower profit margins than our aggregates and cement operations due to potentially volatile input costs, highly competitive market dynamics and lower barriers to entry. to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in raw materials costs, we divested our ready mixed concrete operations in colorado and central texas in 2022.
form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors suppliers, raw materials and energy costs risk factors short supplies and high costs of fuel, energy and raw materials affect our businesses our businesses require a continued supply of diesel fuel, natural gas, coal, petroleum coke and other energy. our financial results have historically been affected by the short supply or high costs of these fuels and energy. changes in energy costs also affect the prices that we pay for related supplies, including explosives, conveyor belting and tires. while we can contract for some fuels and sources of energy, such as fixed-price supply contracts for natural gas, coal and petroleum coke, significant increases in costs or reduced availability of these items have and may in the future reduce our financial results. moreover, fluctuations in the supply and costs of these fuels and energy can make planning for our businesses more difficult. because of the fluctuating trends in diesel fuel prices, we may enter into fixed-price fuel agreements from time to time for a portion of our diesel fuel to reduce our diesel fuel price risk.
cement production requires large amounts of energy, including electricity and fossil fuels. energy costs represented approximately 28% of the 2022 production costs of our cement operations. therefore, the cost of energy is one of our largest expenses. prices for energy are subject to market forces largely beyond our control and can be volatile. cost increases that we are unable to pass through in the form of price increases for our products or disruption of the uninterrupted supply of fuel and electricity could adversely affect us. accordingly, energy cost volatility can adversely affect the financial results of our cement operations. the cement operations have fixed-price agreements for a portion of their 2023 coal, power and natural gas needs.
similarly, our downstream operations also require a continued supply of liquid asphalt and cement, which serve as key raw materials in the production of hot mix asphalt and ready mixed concrete, respectively. some of these raw materials we produce internally, but most are purchased from third parties. these purchased raw materials are subject to potential supply constraints and significant price fluctuations, which are beyond our control. the financial results of our ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving operations have been affected by the short supply or high costs of these raw materials. we generally see frequent volatility in the costs for these raw materials.
our magnesia specialties business has fixed-price agreements for approximately 39% of its 2023 coal and natural gas needs.
cement is sensitive to supply and price volatility cement competition is often based primarily on price, which is highly sensitive to changes in supply and demand. prices may fluctuate significantly in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions and other market conditions, which we cannot control. when cement producers increase production capacity or more cement is imported into the market, an oversupply of cement in the market may occur if supply exceeds demand. in that case, cement prices generally decline. we cannot be assured that prices for our cement products sold will not decline in the future or that such decline will not have a material adverse effect on our cement product line.
our magnesia specialties business depends in part on the steel industry and the supply of reasonably priced fuels our magnesia specialties business sells some of its products to companies in the steel industry. while we have reduced this risk over the last few years, this business is still dependent, in part, on the strength of the cyclical steel industry. our magnesia specialties business also requires significant amounts of natural gas, coal and petroleum coke, and financial results are negatively affected by increases in fuel prices or shortages.
cyber and information security risk factors we are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity risks and data leakage risks our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to our business operations, as well as confidential and sensitive information about our customers and employees maintained in our computer systems and networks, certain products and services and in the computer systems and networks of our third-party vendors, including cloud-based systems and managed service providers. cyber threats are rapidly evolving as data thieves and hackers have become increasingly sophisticated and carry out direct large-scale, complex automated attacks against a company or through vendor software supply chain compromises. in addition, we have relied on our information technology infrastructure to support remote work from time to time and may need to do so in the future, form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors which can increase cyber risks. we are not able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any resulting material security breach or data loss. in addition, it is not always possible to deter misconduct by employees or third-party vendors.
we have experienced attacks to breach the security of our information technology systems, although all such breaches have been detected early and before any sensitive data or access was impacted or taken. breaches of our technology systems, or those of our vendors and customers, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, "phishing" attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, vendor software supply chain compromises, physical breaches or other actions, may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in our company's or such vendors' and customers' websites, applications, data processing and certain products and services, or disruption of other business operations. furthermore, any such breaches could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by our company (including information about our business, employees or customers), as well as sensitive personally identifiable information, the disclosure of which could lead to identity theft. breaches of our products that rely on technology and internet connectivity can expose our company to product and other liability risk and reputational harm. measures that we take to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from material incidents, may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become ineffective.
we have invested and continue to invest in risk management and information security and data privacy measures in order to protect our systems and data, including employee training, organizational investments, incident response plans, table top exercises and technical defenses. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. any material breaches of cybersecurity, including the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems, products and services or those of third parties relied upon by our company could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, fines, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard our customers' information or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by our company. the report, rumor or assumption regarding a potential breach may have similar results, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we are exposed to risks related to compliance with data privacy laws the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa), which went into effect in january 2020, provides, among other things, a new private right of action for data breaches, requires companies that process information on california residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, and provides consumers with additional rights. the california privacy rights and enforcement act, which became effective on january 1, 2023, amends and expands the ccpa, creating new industry requirements, consumer privacy rights and enforcement mechanisms. similarly, to conduct certain of our operations, we move data across national borders, and consequently are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the united states and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. the scope of the laws that may be applicable to our business is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation (gdpr), which became effective in may 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of european union law and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. our reputation and brand and our ability to attract new customers could also be adversely impacted if we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to properly respond to security breaches of ours or third party's information technology systems. such failure to properly respond could also result in similar exposure to liability.
all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. privacy laws that may be implemented in the future will continue to require changes to certain business practices, thereby increasing costs, or may result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and may subject our company to remedies that may harm our business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices.
form 10-k ♦ page part i ♦ item 1a - risk factors other risk factors delays or interruptions in shipping products of our businesses could affect our operations transportation logistics play an important role in allowing us to supply products to our customers, whether by truck, rail or water. we also rely heavily on third-party truck and rail transportation to ship coal, natural gas and other fuels to our plants. any significant delays, disruptions or the non-availability of our transportation support system could negatively affect our operations. transportation operations are subject to capacity constraints, high fuel costs and various hazards, including extreme weather conditions and slowdowns due to labor strikes and other work stoppages. in texas, we compete for third-party trucking services with operations in the oil and gas fields, which can significantly constrain the availability of those services to us. if there are material changes in the availability or cost of transportation services, we may not be able to arrange alternative and timely means to transport our products or fuels at a reasonable cost, which could lead to interruptions or slowdowns in our businesses or increases in our costs.
the availability of railcars can also affect our ability to transport our products. railcars can be used to transport many different types of products across all of our segments. if owners sell or lease railcars for use in other industries, we may not have enough railcars to transport our products.
we have long-term agreements with shipping companies to provide ships to transport our aggregates products from our bahamas and nova scotia operations to various coastal ports. these contracts have varying expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2027 and generally contain renewal options. our inability to renew these agreements or enter into new ones with other shipping companies could affect our ability to transport our products.
some of our products are distributed by barges along rivers in ohio and west virginia. we may experience, to a lesser degree, risks associated with distributing our products by barges, including significant delays, disruptions or the non-availability of our barge transportation system that could negatively affect our operations, water levels that could affect our ability to transport our products by barge, and barges that may not be available in quantities that we might need from time to time to support our operations.
our articles of incorporation and bylaws and north carolina law may inhibit a change in control that you may favor our restated articles of incorporation and restated bylaws and north carolina law contain provisions that may delay, deter or inhibit a future acquisition of us not approved by our board of directors. this could occur even if our shareholders are offered an attractive value for their shares or if many or even a majority of our shareholders believe the takeover is in their best interest. these provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with and obtain the approval of our board of directors in connection with the transaction. provisions that could delay, deter or inhibit a future acquisition include the following:
•the ability of our board of directors to establish the terms of, and issue, preferred stock without shareholder approval;
•the requirement that our shareholders may only remove directors for cause;
•the inability of our shareholders to call special meetings of shareholders;
•super-majority shareholder approval requirements for business combination transactions with certain five percent shareholders; and
•advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by our shareholders at shareholder meetings.
additionally, the occurrence of certain change-of-control events could result in an event of default under certain of our existing or future debt instruments.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introductory overview martin marietta materials, inc. (the company or martin marietta) is a natural resource-based building materials company, with 2022 total revenues of $6.16 billion and 2022 net earnings from continuing operations attributable to martin marietta of $856.3 million. these results were achieved in part by supplying aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel) through its network of approximately 350 quarries, mines and distribution yards in 28 states, canada and the bahamas. martin marietta also provides cement and downstream products, namely ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving services, in certain markets where the company has a leading aggregates position. specifically, the company has two cement plants in texas, ready mixed concrete operations in arizona, california and texas, and asphalt operations in arizona, california, colorado and minnesota. paving services are offered in california and colorado. the company also has one cement plant, related cement distribution terminals and ready mixed concrete operations in california that are classified as assets held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
the company's heavy-side building materials are used in infrastructure, nonresidential and residential construction projects. aggregates are also used in agricultural, utility and environmental applications and as railroad ballast. the aggregates, cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving product lines are reported collectively as the "building materials" business.
as more fully discussed in the consolidated strategic objectives section, geography is critically important for the building materials business. the company conducts its building materials business through two reportable segments, organized by geography: east group and west group. the east group, consisting of the east and central divisions, provides aggregates and asphalt products. the west group is comprised of the southwest and west divisions and provides aggregates, cement, downstream products and paving services. further, the following five states accounted for 64% of the building materials business 2022 total revenues: texas, colorado, north carolina, minnesota and california.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations magnesia specialties the company operates a magnesia specialties business with production facilities in michigan and ohio. the magnesia specialties business produces magnesia-based chemicals products used in industrial, agricultural and environmental applications. it also produces dolomitic lime sold primarily to customers for steel production and soil stabilization. magnesia specialties' products are shipped to customers domestically and worldwide.
consolidated strategic objectives the company's strategic planning process, or strategic operating analysis and review (soar), provides the framework for execution of martin marietta's long-term strategic plan. guided by this framework and considering the cyclicality of the building materials business, the company determines capital allocation priorities to maximize long-term shareholder value creation. the company's strategy includes ongoing evaluation of aggregates-led opportunities of scale in new domestic markets (i.e., platform acquisitions) and expansion through acquisitions that complement existing operations (i.e., bolt-on acquisitions). to that effect, the company has invested nearly $8.0 billion in acquisitions since the launch of soar in 2010. the company finances such opportunities with the goal of preserving its financial flexibility by having a leverage ratio (consolidated net debt-to-consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization, or ebitda) within a range of 2.0 times to 2.5 times within a reasonable period of time, typically within 18 months, following the completion of a debt-financed transaction. soar also includes the identification and potential disposition of assets that are not consistent with stated strategic goals. notably, in 2022, the company divested its colorado and central texas ready mixed concrete businesses and certain west coast cement and ready mixed concrete operations, refining its product mix and improving margin profile, while providing balance sheet flexibility.
the company, by purposeful design, will continue to be an aggregates-led business that focuses on markets with strong, underlying growth fundamentals where it can sustain or achieve a leading market position. in fact, aggregates product gross profit represented 69% of 2022 total consolidated products and services gross profit. as part of its long-term strategic plan, the company may also pursue strategic cement and targeted downstream opportunities. for martin marietta, strategic cement and targeted downstream operations are located in vertically-integrated markets where the company has, or envisions, among other things, a clear path toward a leading aggregates position.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generally, the company's building materials are both sourced and sold locally. as a result, geography is critically important when assessing market attractiveness and growth opportunities. attractive geographies generally exhibit (a) population growth and/or high population density, both of which are drivers of heavy-side building materials consumption; (b) business and employment diversity, drivers of greater economic stability; and (c) a superior state financial position, a driver of public infrastructure investment.
population growth and density are assessed based on a site's proximity to one of the megaregions in the united states. megaregions are large networks of metropolitan population centers covering thousands of square miles. according to america 2050, a planning and policy program of the regional plan association, a majority of the nation's population and economic growth through 2050 will occur in 11 megaregions. the company has a meaningful presence in ten of the megaregions. as evidence of the successful execution of soar, the company's leading positions in the texas triangle, colorado's front range, northern and southern california and arizona's sun corridor megaregions, its growth platform in the southern portion of the northeast megaregion and its enhanced position in the piedmont atlantic megaregion, primarily in the atlanta area, are the results of acquisitions since 2011. the company has a legacy presence in the southeastern portion of the great lakes megaregion, encompassing operations in indiana and ohio, as well as the florida megaregion and the gulf coast megaregion in texas.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with respect to business and employment diversity, the company focuses its geographic footprint along significant transportation and commerce corridors, particularly where land is readily available for the development of fulfillment and/or data centers. the retail sector (both e-commerce and brick and mortar) values transportation corridors, as logistics and distribution are critical considerations for construction supporting that industry. in addition, technology companies view these areas as attractive locations for data centers.
the company considers a state's financial health rating, as issued by s&p global ratings, in determining the opportunities and attractiveness of areas for expansion or development. the company's top ten revenue-generating states have been evaluated and scored a financial health rating of aa- or higher, where aaa is the highest score. the company also reviews the state's ability to secure additional infrastructure funding and financing.
in line with the company's strategic objectives, management's overall focus includes:
•upholding the company's commitment to its mission, vision and values
•navigating effectively through construction cycles to balance investment decisions against expected shipment volumes
•tracking shifts in population trends, as well as local, state and national economic conditions, to ensure changing trends are reflected against the execution of the strategic plan
•integrating acquired businesses efficiently to maximize the return on the investment
•allocating capital in a manner consistent with the following long-standing priorities while maintaining financial flexibility
─acquisitions
─organic capital investment
─return of cash to shareholders through both meaningful and sustainable dividends as well as share repurchases form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2022 performance highlights achieved industry-leading safety performance:
•record company-wide total injury incident rate (tiir) of 0.78, the second consecutive year of world-class or better tiir thresholds achieved record financial performance:
the company achieved record total revenues, products and services revenues, consolidated gross profit and adjusted ebitda (defined in results of operations section), benefiting from double-digit pricing growth across all product lines of the building materials business and contributions from acquired operations, which more than offset increased inflationary pressure from rising input costs and divestiture impacts on an absolute basis. further, 2022 represented the eleventh consecutive year of annual growth for products and services revenues, adjusted gross profit and adjusted ebitda. the company's commitment to safety and operational and commercial excellence resulted in the following financial performance from continuing operations (comparisons with 2021):
•record consolidated total revenues of $6.16 billion compared with $5.41 billion, an increase of 13.8%
•record consolidated gross profit of $1.42 billion compared with $1.35 billion, an increase of 5.6%; 2021 consolidated gross profit was burdened by $30.6 million of costs related to the impact of selling acquired inventory after its markup to fair value as part of acquisition accounting
•net earnings from continuing operations attributable to martin marietta of $856.3 million compared with $702.0 million, an increase of 22.0%
•record consolidated adjusted ebitda from continuing operations of $1.60 billion, an increase of 4.7%
continued disciplined execution against capital allocation priorities:
•optimized portfolio with divestitures of the company's colorado and central texas ready mixed concrete businesses and certain west coast cement and ready mixed concrete operations
•capital investments into operations of $481.8 million
•repurchase of 0.4 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $150.0 million business environment building materials business the building materials business serves customers in the construction marketplace. the business' profitability is sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions and cyclical swings in construction spending, which are affected by fluctuations in levels of public-sector infrastructure funding; interest rates; access to capital markets; and demographic, geographic, employment and population dynamics.
the heavy-side construction business, inclusive of much of the company's operations, is conducted outdoors. therefore, erratic weather patterns, precipitation and other weather-related conditions, including flooding, hurricanes, cold temperatures, earthquakes, droughts and wildfires, can significantly affect production schedules, shipments, costs, efficiencies and profitability. generally, the financial results for the first and fourth quarters are most subject to the impacts of winter weather, while the second and third quarters can be subject to the impacts of heavy precipitation. the impacts of erratic weather patterns are more fully discussed in the building materials business' key considerations section.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations product lines aggregates are an engineered, granular material consisting of crushed stone, sand and gravel, manufactured to specific sizes, grades and chemistry for use primarily in construction applications. the company's operations consist mostly of open pit quarries; however, the company is also the largest operator of underground aggregates mines in the united states, with 14 active underground mines located in the east group. the company's aggregates reserves average approximately 75 years at the 2022 annual production level.
cement is the basic agent used to bind coarse aggregates, sand and water in the production of ready mixed concrete. the company has a strategic and leading cement position in the state of texas, with production facilities in midlothian, texas, south of dallas/fort worth, and hunter, texas, centrally located along i-35 between san antonio and austin. these two facilities produce portland limestone and specialty cements, have a combined annual capacity of approximately 4.5 million tons and collectively operated at approximately 77% utilization for clinker production in 2022; clinker is the initial product of cement production. the midlothian plant has a permit that allows for annual capacity expansion of 0.8 million tons. the company is currently undertaking a finishing capacity expansion project at the midlothian plant, which is expected to be completed in the middle of 2024 and will provide 0.5 million tons of incremental annual capacity. further, the company is nearing completion of converting its plants to manufacture a less carbon-intensive portland limestone cement, known as type 1l, that has been approved by the texas department of transportation. in addition to the two production facilities, the company operates several cement distribution terminals.
calcium carbonate in the form of limestone is the principal raw material used in the production of cement. the company owns more than 600 million tons of limestone reserves adjacent to its cement production plants in texas. during 2021, the company purchased two cement plants in redding and tehachapi, california, and related distribution facilities as part of the acquisition of lehigh hanson, inc.'s west region business (lehigh west region). the redding plant and related distribution terminals were sold on june 30, 2022. the tehachapi plant and related distribution terminals were classified as assets held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. in august 2022, the company announced a definitive agreement to sell the tehachapi plant and related distribution terminals, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions.
ready mixed concrete is measured in cubic yards and specifically batched or produced for customers' construction projects and then typically transported by mixer trucks and poured at the project site. the coarse aggregates used for ready mixed concrete are a washed material with limited amounts of fines (i.e., dirt and clay). the company operates ready mixed concrete plants in arizona, california and texas. the california ready mixed concrete operations were classified as assets held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
asphalt is most commonly used in surfacing roads and parking lots and consists of liquid asphalt, or bitumen, the binding medium, and aggregates. similar to ready mixed concrete, each asphalt batch is produced to customer specifications. the company's asphalt operations are located in arizona, california, colorado and minnesota and paving services are offered in california and colorado. market dynamics for these downstream product lines include a highly competitive environment and lower barriers to entry compared with the company's upstream product lines of aggregates and cement.
•according to the latest available data published by the u.s. geological survey, for the nine months ended september 30, 2022, estimated construction aggregates consumption increased 3.0% compared with the nine months ended september 30, 2021, and for the eleven months ended november 30, 2022, cement consumption increased 4.4% versus the comparable prior-year period.
•national not seasonally adjusted construction spending statistics for the twelve months ended december 31, 2022 versus the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, according to u.s. census bureau, reveal:
- total value of construction put in place increased 10%
- private nonresidential construction market spending increased 9%
-  private residential construction market spending increased 13%
the principal end-use markets of the building materials business are public infrastructure (i.e., highways; streets; roads; bridges; and schools); nonresidential construction (i.e., manufacturing and distribution facilities; industrial complexes; office form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations buildings; large retailers and wholesalers; healthcare; hospitality; and energy-related activity); and residential construction (i.e., subdivision development; and single- and multi-family housing). aggregates are also used in agricultural, utility and environmental applications and as railroad ballast, collectively comprising the chemrock/rail market.
public infrastructure projects can require several years to complete, while residential and nonresidential construction projects are usually completed within one year. generally, customer purchase orders do not contain firm quantity commitments, regardless of end-use market. therefore, management does not utilize a company backlog in managing its business.
infrastructure the public infrastructure market accounted for 35% of the company's aggregates shipments in 2022, a 5% volume increase from 2021 as a result of solid demand spurred by accelerating federal and state level investment. the company's shipments to this end-use market remain below the most recent five-year average of 36% and ten-year average of 39%.
public construction projects, once awarded, are typically seen through to completion. thus, delays from weather or other factors can serve to extend the duration of the construction cycle. while construction spending in the public and private market sectors is affected by economic cycles, public infrastructure spending has been comparatively more stable due to the predictability of funding from federal, state and local governments. the infrastructure investments and jobs act (iij act) was signed into law on november 15, 2021 and contains a five-year surface transportation reauthorization plus $110 billion in new funding for roads, bridges and other hard infrastructure projects.
state and local initiatives that support infrastructure funding, including gas tax increases and other ballot initiatives, are increasing in size and number as these governments recognize the need for their expanded role in public infrastructure funding. in november 2022, 411 state and local ballot initiatives, or 87% of all infrastructure funding measures up for vote, were approved. these approved infrastructure initiatives are estimated to generate nearly $23 billion in one-time and recurring revenues, with initiatives in texas, the company's largest revenue-generating state, accounting for over $15 billion of this total.
nonresidential the nonresidential construction market accounted for 36% of the company's aggregates shipments in 2022, a 3% volume increase over 2021, reflecting several large warehouse projects. large industrial projects of scale led by energy, onshore manufacturing and data centers continue to lead the segment, accounting for the majority of total nonresidential shipments. over the medium term, the company expects enhanced federal investment from the inflation reduction act and creating helpful incentives to produce semiconductors act will further support and accelerate post-pandemic secular growth trends, including restructured manufacturing and energy supply chains, electric vehicle transition and continued adoption of digital and cloud-based technologies, resulting in robust demand within the heavy nonresidential sector. the dodge momentum index, a twelve-month leading indicator of construction spending for nonresidential building compiled by dodge construction network, was 222.2 in december 2022, where the year 2000 serves as an index basis of 100. this represented an increase of 40% from december 2021, further suggesting positive momentum in the nonresidential construction sector at the onset of 2023.
residential the residential construction market accounted for 24% of the company's aggregates shipments in 2022 and was flat compared with strong 2021 activity. this end use typically moves in direct correlation with economic cycles. the company's exposure to residential construction is split between aggregates used in the construction of subdivisions (including streets, sidewalks, utilities and storm and sewage drainage), single-family homes and multi-family units. construction of both subdivisions and single-family homes is nearly three times more aggregates intensive than construction of multi-family units. therefore, the level of new subdivision starts, as well as new single-family housing permits, is a strong leading indicator of residential volumes. for the year ended december 31, 2022, not seasonally adjusted national housing starts decreased 3% to 1.55 million units compared with 2021 and not seasonally adjusted national housing permits decreased 5% versus 2021. despite overall underbuilt conditions, several of the company's markets experienced a slowdown in single-family demand due to affordability concerns, increased interest rates and logistical challenges.
chemrock/rail the remaining 5% of the company's 2022 aggregates shipments was to the chemrock/rail market, which includes ballast and agricultural limestone. ballast is an aggregates product used to stabilize railroad track beds. agricultural lime, a high-calcium form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations carbonate material, is used as a supplement in animal feed, a soil acidity neutralizer and agricultural growth enhancer. additionally, chemrock/rail includes rip rap, which is used as a stabilizing material to control erosion caused by water runoff at embankments, ocean beaches, inlets, rivers and streams, and high-calcium limestone, which is used as filler in glass, plastic, paint, rubber, adhesives, grease and paper. chemical-grade, high-calcium limestone is used as a desulfurization material in utility plants.
pricing trends materials pricing for construction projects is generally based on terms committing to the availability of specified products of a stated quantity at an agreed-upon price during a definitive period. since infrastructure projects span multiple years, announced price changes can have a lag time before taking effect while the company sells products under existing price agreements. pricing escalators included in multi-year infrastructure contracts serve to somewhat mitigate this effect. however, during periods of sharp or rapid increases in production costs, multi-year infrastructure contract pricing may provide only nominal pricing growth. additionally, the company may implement multiple price increases throughout the year, on a market-by-market basis, where appropriate, as was done in 2022. pricing is determined locally and is affected by supply and demand characteristics of the local market. for further information on pricing, see the discussion in the financial overview section.
cost structure costs of revenues for the building materials business are components of costs incurred at the quarries, mines, cement plants, ready mixed concrete plants, asphalt plants, paving operations and distribution yards and facilities. cost of revenues also includes the cost of resale materials, freight expenses to transport materials from a producing quarry or cement plant to a distribution yard or facility and production overhead costs.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generally, the significant components of costs of revenues for the aggregates product line are (1) labor and related benefits; (2) internal freight; (3) depreciation, depletion and amortization; (4) repairs and maintenance; (5) energy; (6) supplies; and (7) contract services. in 2022, these categories represented 82% of the aggregates product line's total costs of revenues.
variable costs are expenses that fluctuate with the level of production volume, while fixed costs are expenses that do not vary based on production or sales volume. production is the key driver in determining the levels of variable costs, as it affects the number of hourly employees and related labor hours. further, components of energy, supplies and repairs and maintenance costs also increase in connection with higher production volumes. accordingly, the company's operating leverage can be substantial.
generally, when the company invests capital in facilities and equipment, increased capacity and productivity reduce labor and repair costs, and can offset increased fixed depreciation costs. however, the increased productivity and related efficiencies may not be fully realized in a lower-demand environment, resulting in under-absorption of fixed costs.
wage and benefit inflation and other increases in labor costs may be somewhat mitigated by enhanced productivity in an expanding economy. further, workforce reductions resulting from process automation and mobile fleet right-sizing, primarily in the aggregates operations, have mitigated rising labor costs. during economic downturns, the company reviews its operations and, where practical, temporarily idles certain sites. the company is able to serve these markets with other open facilities that are in close proximity. in certain markets, management can create production "super crews" that work on a rotating basis at various locations. for example, within a market, a crew may work three days per week at one quarry and the other two workdays at another quarry. this has allowed the company to responsibly manage headcount in periods of lower demand.
cement production is a capital-intensive operation with high fixed costs to run plants that operate continuously with the exception of maintenance shutdowns. kiln and finishing mill maintenance typically requires a plant to be shut down for a period of time as repairs are made. in 2022 and 2021, the cement operations incurred outage costs of $33.3 million and $23.6 million, respectively. the increase in outage costs in 2022 compared with 2021 is primarily attributable to the timing of planned and unplanned kiln outages. the company adjusts production levels in anticipation of planned maintenance shutdowns.
the production of ready mixed concrete and asphalt requires the use of cement and liquid asphalt raw materials, respectively. therefore, fluctuations in availability and prices for these raw materials directly affect the company's operating results.
typically, diesel fuel represents the single-largest component of energy costs for the building materials business. the average cost per gallon was $4.01 and $2.36 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. changes in energy costs also affect the prices that the company pays for related supplies, including explosives, conveyor belting and tires. further, the company's contracts of affreightment for shipping products on its rail and waterborne distribution network typically include provisions for escalations or reductions in the amounts paid by the company if the price of fuel moves outside a stated range.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations building materials business' key considerations growth markets with limited supply of indigenous stone must be served via a long-haul distribution network the u.s. department of the interior identified possible sources of indigenous rock and documented its limited supply in certain areas of the united states, including the coastal areas from virginia to texas. further, certain interior united states markets may experience limited availability of locally sourced aggregates resulting from increasingly restrictive zoning, permitting and/or environmental laws and regulations. the company's long-haul distribution network is used to supplement, or in many cases, wholly supply, the local crushed stone needs of these areas.
the long-haul distribution network can also diversify market risk for locations that engage in long-haul transportation of aggregates products. this is particularly true where a producing quarry serves a local market and transports products via rail, water and/or truck to be sold in other markets. the risk of a downturn in one market may be somewhat mitigated by other markets served by the location.
product shipments are moved by rail, water and truck through the company's long-haul distribution network. the company's rail network primarily serves its texas, florida, colorado and gulf coast markets, while the company's bahamas and nova scotia locations transport materials via oceangoing ships. the company's strategic focus includes expanding inland and offshore capacity and acquiring distribution yards and port locations to offload transported material. at december 31, 2022, the distribution network available to the company consisted of 78 aggregates yards and 11 cement terminals, of which six cement terminals were classified as discontinued operations.
the company's increased rail shipments have made it more reliant on railroad operations, including track congestion, crew and locomotive availability, the effects of adverse weather conditions and the ability to negotiate favorable railroad shipping contracts. further, changes in the operating strategy of rail transportation providers can create operational inefficiencies and increased costs from the company's rail network.
a portion of railcars and all ships of the company's long-haul distribution network are under short- and long-term leases, some with purchase options, and contracts of affreightment. the limited availability of water and rail transportation providers, coupled with limited distribution sites, can adversely affect lease rates for such services and ultimately the freight rates.
the company has long-term agreements providing dedicated shipping capacity from its bahamas and nova scotia operations to its coastal ports. these contracts of affreightment are take-or-pay contracts with minimum and maximum shipping requirements. the minimum requirements were met in 2022. the company's waterborne contracts of affreightment have varying expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2027 and generally contain renewal options. however, there can be no assurance that such contracts can be renewed upon expiration or that terms will continue without significant increases.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the multiple transportation modes that have been developed with various rail carriers and deep-water ships provide the company with the flexibility to effectively serve customers primarily in the southwest and southeast coastal markets.
public infrastructure, historically, the company's largest end-use market, is funded through a combination of federal, state and local sources transportation investments generally boost the national economy by enhancing mobility and access and creating jobs, which are priorities of many of the government's economic plans. public-sector construction related to transportation infrastructure is funded through a combination of federal, state and local sources. the federal highway bill, currently the iij act, provides annual funding for public-sector highway construction projects and includes spending authorizations, which represent the maximum financial obligation that will result from the immediate or future outlays of federal funds for highway and transit programs. the federal government's surface transportation programs are funded mostly through the receipts of highway user taxes placed in the highway trust fund, which is divided into the highway account and the mass transit account. revenues credited to the highway trust fund are primarily derived from a federal gas tax, a federal tax on certain other motor fuels and interest on the accounts' accumulated balances. of the currently imposed federal gas tax of $0.184 per gallon, which has been static since 1993, $0.15 is allocated to the highway account of the highway trust fund.
since most states are required to balance their budgets, reductions in revenues generally require a reduction in states' expenditures. however, the impact of state revenue reductions on highway investment will vary depending on whether the monies come from dedicated revenue sources, such as highway user fees, or whether portions are paid for with general funds.
in addition to federal appropriations, each state typically funds its infrastructure investment from specifically allocated amounts collected from various user fees, typically gasoline taxes and vehicle fees. over the past several years, states have assumed a significantly larger role in funding infrastructure investment, including initiating special-purpose taxes and raising gas taxes. management believes that financing at the state and local levels, such as bond issuances, toll roads, vehicle miles traveled fees and tax initiatives, will continue to grow and have a fundamental role in advancing infrastructure projects. state infrastructure investment generally leads to increased growth opportunities for the company. the level of state public-works spending is varied across the nation and dependent upon individual state economies, and the degree to which the company could be affected by a reduction or slowdown in infrastructure spending varies by state. the state economies of the building materials business' ten largest revenue-generating states may disproportionately affect the company's financial performance.
governmental appropriations and expenditures are typically less interest rate-sensitive than private-sector spending. obligations of federal funds are a leading indicator of highway construction activity in the united states. before a state or local department of transportation can solicit bids on an eligible construction project, it enters into an agreement with the federal highway administration to obligate the federal government to pay its portion of the project cost. federal obligations are subject to annual funding appropriations by congress.
the need for surface transportation improvements continues to significantly outpace the amount of available funding. a large number of roads, highways and bridges built following the establishment of the interstate highway system in 1956 now require major repair or reconstruction. according to the latest information available from the road information program (trip), a national transportation research group, vehicle travel on the nation's roads increased 26% from 2000 to 2019, while new lane road mileage increased only 9% over the same period. trip also reports that 40% of the nation's major roads are in poor or mediocre condition, while 7% of the nation's bridges are in poor/structurally deficient condition. additionally, there is an estimated backlog of $123 billion of improvements to the nation's highway system that requires an increase in annual investment of $23 billion to $57 billion for the next 20 years to address these improvements and meet mobility and modernization needs. management believes infrastructure activity for 2023 and beyond should benefit from the iij act and additional state and local infrastructure initiatives.
in addition to highways and bridges, transportation infrastructure includes aviation, mass transit, and ports and waterways. railroad construction continues to benefit from economic growth, which ultimately generates a need for additional maintenance and improvements.
erratic weather can significantly impact operations production and shipment levels for the building materials business correlate with general construction activity, most of which occurs outdoors and, as a result, is affected by erratic weather, seasonal changes and other climate-related conditions. typically, due to a general slowdown in construction activity during winter months, the first and fourth quarters experience lower production and shipment activity. as such, temperatures in the months of march and november can meaningfully affect form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company's first- and fourth-quarter results, respectively, where warm and/or moderate temperatures in march and november allow the construction season to start earlier and end later, respectively.
excessive rainfall jeopardizes production efficiencies, shipments and profitability in all markets served by the company. in particular, the company's operations in the southeastern and gulf coast regions of the united states and the bahamas are at risk for hurricane activity from june 1 through november 1, but most notably in august, september and october. the company's california operations are at risk for wildfire activity and water use restrictions in severe drought conditions. increased intensity and frequency of extreme weather events have been linked to climate change, and further global warming may increase the risk of adverse weather conditions.
capital investment decisions driven by capital intensity of the building materials business and focus on land the company's organic capital program is designed to leverage construction market growth through investment in both permanent and portable facilities at the company's operations. over an economic cycle, the company typically invests organic capital at an annual level that approximates depreciation expense. at mid-cycle and through cyclical peaks, organic capital investment typically exceeds depreciation expense, as the company supports current capacity needs and future growth. conversely, at a cyclical trough, the company may reduce levels of capital investment. regardless of cycle, the company sets a priority of investing capital to ensure safe, environmentally-sound and efficient operations, as well as to provide the highest quality of customer service and establish a foundation for future growth.
the company is diligent in its focus on land opportunities, including potential new sites (greensites) and existing site expansion. land purchases are usually opportunistic and can include contiguous property around existing quarry locations. such property can serve as buffer property or additional mineral reserves, assuming regulatory hurdles can be cleared and the underlying geology supports economical aggregates mining. in either instance, the acquisition of additional property around an existing quarry typically allows the expansion of the quarry footprint and an extension of quarry life.
magnesia specialties business the magnesia specialties business manufactures magnesia-based chemicals products for industrial, agricultural and environmental applications at its manistee, michigan facility. the magnesia specialties business produces and sells dolomitic lime from its woodville, ohio facility. of 2022 total magnesia specialties revenues, 72% was attributable to chemicals products, 27% was attributable to lime and 1% was attributable to stone.
in 2022, 74% of lime shipments was sold to third-party customers, while the remaining 26% was used internally as a raw material for the manufacturing of chemicals products. dolomitic lime products sold to external customers are primarily used by the domestic steel industry and, overall, 31% of magnesia specialties' 2022 total revenues was related to products used in the steel industry. accordingly, a portion of the segment's revenues and profits is affected by production and inventory trends within the steel industry, which are guided by the rate of consumer consumption, the flow of offshore imports and other economic factors. domestic steel production averaged 81% of capacity in 2021, but declined in 2022, averaging 75%. the form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations dolomitic lime business runs most profitably at 70% or greater steel capacity utilization. the chemical products business focuses on higher-margin specialty chemicals that can be produced at volumes that support efficient operations.
total revenues of the magnesia specialties business were predominantly derived from domestic customers in 2022. financial results can be affected by foreign currency exchange rates, increasing transportation costs or weak economic conditions in foreign markets. to mitigate the short-term effect of currency exchange rates, foreign transactions are denominated in united states dollars.
a significant portion of the magnesia specialties business' costs is of a fixed or semi-fixed nature. the production process requires the use of natural gas, coal and petroleum coke; therefore, fluctuations in their pricing directly affect operating results. to help mitigate this risk, the company has fixed-price agreements for approximately 39% of its 2023 energy needs for coal and natural gas. for 2022, the segment's average cost per mmbtu (1,000,000 british thermal units) of natural gas increased 47% versus 2021. given high fixed costs, low capacity utilization can negatively affect the segment's results of operations. management expects future organic profitability growth to result from increased pricing, rationalization of the current product portfolio and/or further cost reductions.
the magnesia specialties business is highly dependent on rail transportation, particularly for movement of dolomitic lime from woodville to manistee and direct customer shipments of dolomitic lime and magnesia chemicals products from both woodville and manistee. the segment can be affected by the risks mentioned in the long-haul distribution discussion in the building materials business' key considerations section.
environmental regulation and litigation the expansion and growth of the aggregates industry is subject to increasing challenges from environmental and political advocates aiming to control the pace and direction of future development. certain environmental groups have published lists of targeted municipal areas, including areas within the company's marketplace, for environmental and suburban growth control. the effect of these initiatives on the company's growth is typically localized. further challenges are expected as the momentum of these initiatives ebb and flow across the united states. rail and other transportation alternatives are being heralded by these special-interest groups as solutions to mitigate road traffic congestion and overcrowding.
the company's operations are subject to and affected by federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety and other regulatory matters. certain of the company's operations may occasionally use substances classified as toxic or hazardous. the company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with these laws and regulations. despite these compliance efforts, risk of environmental liability is inherent in the operation of the company's businesses, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for certain of the company's operations; such permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. new permits are generally required for opening new sites or for expansion at existing operations and can take several years to obtain. moreover, land use, rezoning and special or conditional use permits are increasingly difficult to obtain. once a permit is issued, the location is required to generally operate in accordance with the approved site plan.
the clean air act, originally passed in 1963 and periodically updated by amendments, is the united states' national air pollution control program that granted the environmental protection agency (epa) authority to set limits on the level of various air pollutants. to be in compliance with national ambient air quality standards, a defined geographic area must be below established limits for six pollutants. environmental groups have been successful in lawsuits against the federal and certain state departments of transportation, delaying highway construction in municipal areas not in compliance with the clean air act. the epa designates geographic areas as nonattainment areas when the level of air pollutants exceeds the national standard. nonattainment areas receive deadlines to reduce air pollutants by instituting various control strategies or otherwise face fines or control by the epa. included as nonattainment areas are several major metropolitan areas in the company's markets, such as houston/brazoria/galveston, texas; dallas/fort worth, texas; bexar county in san antonio/new braunfels, texas; denver, colorado; boulder, colorado; fort collins/greeley/loveland, colorado; atlanta, georgia; baltimore, maryland; los angeles-san bernardino counties, california; los angeles - south coast basin, california; phoenix/mesa, arizona; san diego county, california; san francisco bay area, california; san joaquin valley, california; and sacramento county, california. federal transportation funding has been directly tied to compliance with the clean air act.
large emitters (facilities that emit 25,000 metric tons or more per year) of greenhouse gases (ghg) must report ghg generation to comply with the epa's mandatory greenhouse gases reporting rule (ghg rule). the company files annual reports in accordance with the ghg rule relating to operations at its three cement plants in texas and california, as well as its magnesia specialties facilities in woodville, ohio, and manistee, michigan, each of which emit certain ghg, including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide. if congress passes additional legislation limiting ghg emissions, these operations will likely be subject to such legislation. the company believes that any increased operating costs or taxes related to ghg emission limitations at its cement or woodville operations would be passed on to its customers. the manistee facility may have to absorb extra costs due to the regulation of ghg emissions in order to maintain competitive pricing in its markets. the company cannot reasonably predict how much those increased costs may be.
the company is engaged in certain legal and administrative proceedings incidental to its normal business activities. in the opinion of management, based upon currently available facts, the likelihood is remote that the ultimate outcome of any litigation or other proceedings, including those pertaining to environmental matters, relating to the company and its subsidiaries, will have a material adverse effect on the overall results of the company's operations, cash flows or financial position.
financial overview in 2022, the company achieved its eleventh consecutive year of growth for consolidated products and services revenues, gross profit and adjusted ebitda. this section presents metrics for continuing operations.
results of operations the discussion and analysis that follow reflect management's assessment of the financial condition and results of operations (md&a) of the company and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements. as discussed in more detail, the company's operating results are highly dependent upon activity within the construction marketplace, economic cycles within the public and private business sectors, and seasonal and other weather-related conditions. accordingly, financial results for any year presented, or year-to-year comparisons of reported results, may not be indicative of future operating results. as permitted by the securities and exchange commission (sec) under the fast act modernization and simplification of regulation s-k, the company has elected to omit the discussion of the earliest period (2020) presented as it was included in its md&a in its 2021 form 10-k filed on february 22, 2022, incorporated by reference from item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" thereto.
the company's building materials business generated the majority of consolidated total revenues and earnings from continuing operations. the following comparative analysis and discussion should be read within this context. further, sensitivity analysis and certain other data are provided to enhance the reader's understanding of md&a and are not intended to be indicative of management's judgment of materiality.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company's consolidated operating results and operating results as a percentage of total revenues are as follows:
(in millions, except for % of total revenues)                                                     total                                  total revenues                               revenues product and services revenues                                                $5,730.5                               $5,084.7
gross profit                                                                  1,423.3              23.1              1,348.4              24.9
acquisition and integration expenses                                              9.1                                   57.9
earnings from continuing operations before income tax expense                 1,091.1                                  855.5
less: net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                         -                                    0.3
consolidated adjusted ebitda earnings from continuing operations before interest; income taxes; depreciation, depletion and amortization; earnings/loss from nonconsolidated equity affiliates; acquisition and integration expenses; the impact of selling acquired inventory after its markup to fair value as part of acquisition accounting; and the nonrecurring gain on the divestiture of certain ready mixed concrete operations (adjusted ebitda) is an indicator used by the company and investors to evaluate the company's operating performance from period to period. adjusted ebitda is not defined by generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and, as such, should not be construed as an alternative to net earnings attributable to martin marietta, earnings from operations or operating cash flow. however, the company's management believes that adjusted ebitda may provide additional information with respect to the company's performance. since adjusted ebitda excludes some, but not all, items that affect net earnings and may vary among companies, adjusted ebitda as presented by the company may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents a reconciliation of net earnings from continuing operations attributable to martin marietta to consolidated adjusted ebitda:
income tax expense for controlling interests                                          234.8                 153.1
nonconsolidated equity affiliates acquisition and integration expenses                                                    9.1                  57.9
to fair value as part of acquisition accounting nonrecurring gain on divestiture                                                     (151.9   )                --
consolidated adjusted ebitda                                                       $1,600.3              $1,528.5
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations mix-adjusted average selling price mix-adjusted average selling price (mix-adjusted asp) is a non-gaap measure that excludes the impacts of period-over-period product, geographic and other mix on the average selling price. mix-adjusted asp is calculated by comparing current-period shipments to like-for-like shipments in the comparable prior period. management uses this metric to evaluate the realization of pricing increases and believes this information is useful to investors. the following reconciles reported average selling price to mix-adjusted asp and corresponding variances:
adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix             (0.19   )
adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix             (0.06   )
adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix             (0.09   )
adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix             (0.51   )
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations total revenues the following table presents revenues data for the company and its reportable segments by product line:
building materials business:
total building materials business              5,856.7                  5,115.3
gross profit the following table presents gross profit and gross margin data for the company by product line:
building materials business:
freight                                           2.0                    nm                     3.3                    nm total building materials business             1,338.2                  22.8   %             1,239.9                  24.2   %
corporate                                        (5.8   )                nm                     2.0                    nm total consolidated gross profit              $1,423.3                  23.1   %            $1,348.4                  24.9   %
the increase in building materials business gross profit in 2022 compared with 2021 was primarily attributable to pricing growth and the accretive impacts of acquisitions, which more than offset historically high cost inflation and the divestiture of the colorado and central texas ready mixed concrete operations on an absolute basis. the building materials business gross margin was negatively impacted by inflationary cost increases throughout the year. while pricing increases were implemented during form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the year, the full benefits are achieved over time as existing contracts are replaced with new contracts with updated pricing. the decrease in gross profit in magnesia specialties was driven by lower demand from domestic steel industry customers for dolomitic lime products and higher energy and contract services costs.
corporate gross profit includes intercompany royalty and rental revenue and expenses, depreciation and unallocated operational expenses excluded from the company's evaluation of business segment performance.
aggregates. the average selling price per ton for aggregates was $16.68 and $15.08 for 2022 and 2021, respectively.
1.total aggregates operations include acquisitions from the date of acquisition and divestitures through the date of disposal.
aggregates pricing improved 10.6%, or 10.0% on a mix-adjusted basis, compared with 2021. the east group reported an increase of 10.5%, or 9.3% on a mix-adjusted basis, and west group pricing increased 11.9%, or 11.4% on a mix-adjusted basis, compared with 2021, reflecting multiple price actions implemented throughout the year.
the following presents aggregates shipments for each reportable segment of the building materials business:
1.total aggregates operations include acquisitions from the date of acquisition and divestitures through the date of disposal.
aggregates shipments sold to external customers and internal tons used in other product lines are as follows:
tons to external customers                        192.3         184.2
internal tons used in other product lines          15.4          17.0
1.total aggregates operations include acquisitions from the date of acquisition and divestitures through the date of disposal.
aggregates volume increased in 2022, benefiting from contributions from acquired operations and solid construction activity across all three primary end-use markets.
cement, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving services. average selling prices for cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt are as follows:
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations unit shipments for cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt are as follows:
tons to external customers                         2.9           2.5
internal tons used in ready mixed concrete         1.3           1.5
tons to external customers                         6.8           5.1
internal tons used in paving operations            2.3           2.0
cement shipments increased 4.7% in 2022 versus prior year from continued strong demand and tight supply in north and south texas. cement pricing improved 16.9%, or 16.5% on a mix-adjusted basis, compared with the prior year, driven by the impact of multiple price increases during the year. cement product gross margin expanded 210 basis points, as shipment and pricing growth more than offset higher energy, maintenance and raw materials costs.
ready mixed concrete shipments decreased 25.4%, primarily reflecting the impact of divested operations, partially offset by the acquired arizona operations and pricing increased 11.3%. in 2022, asphalt pricing increased 23.6% primarily attributable to price increases implemented throughout the year, following increases in raw material costs, while volumes improved 28.4%, driven by shipments from the acquired lehigh west region operations.
magnesia specialties. in 2022, magnesia specialties reported total revenues of $304.0 million, gross profit of $90.9 million and earnings from operations of $75.2 million, representing an increase of 1.8%, a decrease of 14.7% and a decrease of 17.1%, respectively, compared with 2021. the profitability decreases in 2022 were reflective of lower domestic steel production and demand for chemicals products, coupled with higher energy and maintenance costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses for 2022 and 2021 were 6.4% and 6.5% of total revenues, respectively. the $45.7 million increase in total expense was primarily driven by a full year of expense for operations acquired in 2021.
acquisition and integration expenses the company incurred $57.9 million of acquisition and integration expenses in 2021, primarily associated with the tiller and lehigh west region acquisitions.
other operating income, net other operating income, net, is comprised generally of gains and losses on the sale of assets; recoveries and losses related to certain customer accounts receivable; rental, royalty and services income; accretion expense, depreciation expense and gains and losses related to asset retirement obligations. these net amounts represented income of $189.2 million in 2022 and $34.3 million in 2021. in 2022, other operating income, net, included a $151.9 million pretax gain on the divestiture of the colorado and central texas ready mixed concrete operations. for 2021, other operating income, net, included $21.6 million of nonrecurring gains on land sales and divested assets driven primarily by the sale of the company's former corporate headquarters.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations interest expense interest expense was $169.0 million in 2022 and $142.7 million in 2021. the increase reflected a full-year of interest on the $2.5 billion of publicly traded debt the company issued in july 2021 to help finance acquisition activity.
other nonoperating income, net other nonoperating income, net, is comprised generally of interest income; foreign currency transaction gains and losses; pension and postretirement benefit cost (excluding service cost); net equity earnings from nonconsolidated investments and other miscellaneous income and expenses. consolidated other nonoperating income, net, was $53.4 million in 2022 and $24.4 million in 2021. other nonoperating income, net, for the year ended december 31, 2022 included a $12.0 million pretax gain related to the repurchase of the company's debt, $8.2 million of third-party railroad track maintenance expense and a $13.3 million increase in interest income.
income tax expense variances in the estimated effective income tax rates, when compared with the statutory corporate income tax rate, are due primarily to the statutory depletion deduction for mineral reserves, the effect of state income taxes, stock compensation deductions, and the impact of foreign income or losses for which no tax expense or benefit is recognized. additionally, certain acquisition-related expenses have limited deductibility for income tax purposes.
the permanent benefit associated with the statutory depletion deduction for mineral reserves is typically the significant driver of the estimated effective income tax rate. the statutory depletion deduction is calculated as a percentage of revenues subject to certain limitations. due to these limitations, changes in sales volumes and pretax earnings may not proportionately affect the statutory depletion deduction and the corresponding impact on the effective income tax rate. however, the impact of the depletion deduction on the estimated effective tax rate is inversely affected by increases or decreases in pretax earnings.
the company's estimated effective income tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 was 21.5% and 17.9%, respectively. the higher 2022 effective income tax rate versus 2021 was primarily driven by the impact of the divestiture of the colorado and central texas ready mixed concrete businesses.
the effective income tax rate for 2022 and 2021 included a $10.3 million and $9.7 million discrete benefit from financing third-party railroad track maintenance, respectively. in exchange, the company received a federal income tax credit and deduction.
discontinued operations the company classified its tehachapi cement plant, related cement terminals and its california ready mixed concrete businesses acquired as part of lehigh west region as assets held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. additionally, the redding cement plant, related cement terminals and 14 ready mixed concrete plants that were classified as discontinued operations as of and for the year ended december 31, 2021 were sold in june 2022. the collective businesses generated earnings of $10.5 million and $0.5 million, respectively, net of expenses associated with the planned disposal, the impact of selling acquired inventory after its step up to fair value as part of acquisition accounting and income tax expense.
net earnings attributable to martin marietta and earnings per diluted share net earnings from continuing operations attributable to martin marietta were $856.3 million, or $13.70 per diluted share, for 2022 and $702.0 million, or $11.21 per diluted share, for 2021.
liquidity and cash flows operating activities generally, the company's primary source of liquidity is cash generated from operating activities. operating cash flow is substantially derived from consolidated net earnings, before deducting depreciation, depletion and amortization, and offset by working capital requirements. cash provided by operations was $991.2 million in 2022 and $1.14 billion in 2021. the primary drivers of the decrease in cash provided by operations in 2022 were increased cash taxes and changes in working capital.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations depreciation, depletion and amortization expense are as follows:
investing activities net cash used for investing activities was $483.8 million in 2022 and $3.47 billion in 2021. the decrease reflected lower acquisition activity in 2022 compared with $3.11 billion used to consummate acquisitions during 2021.
cash paid for property, plant and equipment additions was $481.8 million in 2022 and $423.1 million in 2021.
pretax proceeds from divestitures and sales of assets were $687.1 million in 2022 and $42.8 million in 2021.
the company invested $704.6 million in restricted investments to satisfy discharged debt and related interest (see capital structure and resources section).
financing activities net cash used for financing activities was $407.5 million in 2022 compared with net cash provided by financing activities of $2.29 billion in 2021. the 2021 cash provided reflected the issuance of $2.50 billion in publicly traded debt, primarily to finance acquisitions.
during 2022, the company repurchased $67.7 million (par value) of its senior notes, resulting in a pretax gain of $12.0 million.
for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, the board of directors approved total cash dividends on the company's common stock of $2.54 per share and $2.36 per share, respectively. total cash dividends paid were $159.1 million in 2022 and $147.8 million in 2021.
in 2022, the company repurchased 0.4 million shares of its common stock for a total cost of $150.0 million, or $358.56 per share.
capital structure and resources long-term debt, including current maturities of discharged debt, was $5.04 billion at december 31, 2022, and was in the form of publicly-issued long-term notes and debentures.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on september 29, 2022, the company satisfied and discharged its $700 million of 0.650% senior notes due 2023 (the 0.650% senior notes), which were issued in july 2021. in connection with the satisfaction and discharge, the company irrevocably deposited funds in an amount sufficient to satisfy all remaining principal and interest payments on the 0.650% senior notes with regions bank (the trustee). the funds are invested in a fund that invests exclusively in u.s. treasury securities and are classified as restricted investments (to satisfy discharged debt and related interest) on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2022. holders of the 0.650% senior notes will receive payment of principal on the scheduled maturity date and payment of interest at the per annum rate (and on the dates) set forth in the 0.650% senior notes indenture. the company utilized existing cash resources to fund the satisfaction and discharge. as a result of the satisfaction and discharge, the obligations of the company under the indenture with respect to the 0.650% senior notes have been terminated, except those provisions of the indenture that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and discharge. the 0.650% senior notes remain on the company's consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2022 and will continue to accrete to their par value over the period until maturity in july 2023.
in july 2021, the company issued the 0.650% senior notes, $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.400% senior notes due 2031 (the 2.400% senior notes) and $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.200% senior notes due 2051 (the 3.200% senior notes). the company used the net proceeds to pay the consideration for the acquisition of the lehigh west region business and for general corporate purposes. see note c to the financial statements for more information on the lehigh west region acquisition, which was consummated on october 1, 2021.
the company, through a wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary, has a $400.0 million trade receivable securitization facility (the trade receivable facility). in september 2022, the company extended the maturity of the trade receivable facility to september 21, 2023. the trade receivable facility is backed by eligible trade receivables, as defined. borrowings are limited to the lesser of the facility limit or the borrowing base, as defined. these receivables are originated by the company and then sold or contributed to the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. the company continues to be responsible for the servicing and administration of the receivables purchased by the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. the trade receivable facility contains a cross-default provision to the company's other debt agreements. subject to certain conditions, including lenders providing the requisite commitments, the trade receivable facility may be increased to a borrowing base not to exceed $500 million. there were no outstanding borrowings on the trade receivable facility as of december 31, 2022.
the company has an $800.0 million five-year senior unsecured revolving facility (the revolving facility), which matures in december 2027. there were no outstanding borrowings on the revolving facility as of december 31, 2022. the revolving facility requires the company's ratio of consolidated net debt-to-consolidated ebitda, as defined, for the trailing-twelve months (the ratio) to not exceed 3.50x as of the end of any fiscal quarter, provided that the company may exclude from the ratio debt incurred in connection with certain acquisitions during the quarter or the three preceding quarters so long as the ratio calculated without such exclusion does not exceed 4.00x. additionally, if there are no amounts outstanding under the revolving facility and the trade receivable facility, consolidated debt, including debt for which the company is a guarantor, shall be reduced in an amount equal to the lesser of $500.0 million or the sum of the company's unrestricted cash and temporary investments, for purposes of the covenant calculation. the company was in compliance with the ratio and other requirements under the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2022.
total equity was $7.17 billion at december 31, 2022. at that date, the company had an accumulated other comprehensive loss of $38.5 million, primarily resulting from unrecognized prior service cost and actuarial loss related to pension benefits.
pursuant to authority granted by its board of directors, the company can repurchase up to 20 million shares of common stock. as of december 31, 2022, the company had 13.1 million shares remaining under the repurchase authorization. future share repurchases are at the discretion of management.
at december 31, 2022, the company had $358.0 million in unrestricted cash and short-term investments that are considered cash equivalents. the company manages its cash and cash equivalents to ensure short-term operating cash needs are met and excess funds are managed efficiently. the company funds shortages in operating cash through credit facilities. the company utilizes excess cash to either pay down credit facility borrowings or invest in money market funds, money market demand deposit accounts or eurodollar time deposit accounts. money market demand deposits and eurodollar time deposit accounts are exposed to bank solvency risk. money market demand deposit accounts are fdic insured up to $250,000. the company's investments in bank funds generally exceed the fdic insurance limit.
cash on hand, along with the company's projected internal cash flows and availability of financing resources, including its access to debt and equity capital markets, is expected to continue to be sufficient to provide the capital resources necessary to support anticipated operating needs, cover debt service requirements, meet capital expenditures and discretionary form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment needs, fund certain acquisition opportunities that may arise and allow for payment of dividends for the foreseeable future. borrowings under the revolving facility are unsecured and may be used for general corporate purposes. the company's ability to borrow or issue securities is dependent upon, among other things, prevailing economic, financial and market conditions. at december 31, 2022, the company had $1.20 billion of unused borrowing capacity under its revolving facility and trade receivable facility.
the company may be required to obtain additional financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions or to refinance outstanding debt. any strategic acquisition of size would likely require an appropriate balance of newly-issued equity with debt in order to maintain a composite investment-grade credit rating. the company is exposed to credit markets through the interest cost related to borrowings under its revolving facility and trade receivable facility.
contractual and off balance sheet obligations postretirement medical benefits will be paid from the company's assets. the obligation, if any, for retiree medical payments is subject to the terms of the plan. at december 31, 2022, the company's recorded benefit obligation related to these benefits totaled $8.9 million.
the company has other retirement benefits related to pension plans. at december 31, 2022, the fair value of the qualified pension plans' assets exceeded the projected benefit obligation by $295.3 million. the company estimates that it will make contributions of $25.0 million to qualified pension plans in 2023. any contributions beyond 2023 are currently undeterminable and will depend on the investment return on the related pension assets. at december 31, 2022, the company had a total obligation of $85.8 million related to unfunded nonqualified pension plans and expects to make contributions of $11.5 million to these plans in 2023.
at december 31, 2022, the company had $3.8 million accrued for uncertain tax positions, including interest of $0.2 million. such liabilities may become payable if the tax positions are not sustained upon examination by a taxing authority.
in connection with normal, ongoing operations, the company enters into market-rate leases for property, plant and equipment and royalty commitments principally associated with leased land and mineral reserves. additionally, the company enters into equipment rentals to meet shorter-term, nonrecurring and intermittent needs. at december 31, 2022, the company had $388.0 million in operating lease obligations and $199.9 million in finance lease obligations, representing the present value of future payments. the company also had $8.6 million of lease obligations classified as held for sale. the imputed interest on operating and finance lease obligations was $177.3 million. management anticipates that, in the ordinary course of business, the company will enter into additional royalty agreements for land and mineral reserves during 2023. as permitted, short-term leases are excluded from asc 842 requirements and future noncancelable obligations for these leases as of december 31, 2022 are immaterial.
as of december 31, 2022, future interest payable on the company's publicly traded debt through the various maturity dates was $2.13 billion. the company had obligations related to contracts of affreightment not accounted for as a lease and royalty agreements totaling $97.2 million and $156.3 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2022. the company had purchase commitments for property, plant and equipment of $130.4 million as of december 31, 2022. in addition, during 2022, the company entered into a commitment for 691 railcars at an aggregate value of $75.8 million. the company also had other purchase obligations related to energy and service contracts which totaled $198.1 million as of december 31, 2022.
contingent liabilities and commitments the company has entered into standby letter of credit agreements relating to certain insurance claims, contract performance and permit requirements. at december 31, 2022, the company had contingent liabilities guaranteeing its own performance under these outstanding letters of credit of $21.8 million.
in the normal course of business, at december 31, 2022, the company was contingently liable for $678.5 million in surety bonds, which guarantee its own performance and are required by certain states and municipalities and their related agencies. the company has indemnified the underwriting insurance companies against any exposure under the surety bonds. in the company's past experience, no material claims have been made against these financial instruments.
the company is a guarantor with an unconsolidated affiliate for a $15.0 million revolving line of credit agreement with truist bank that has a maturity date of march 2024, of which $2.6 million was outstanding as of december 31, 2022. the affiliate has agreed to reimburse and indemnify the company for any payments and expenses the company may incur from this agreement.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company holds a lien on the affiliate's membership interest in a joint venture as collateral for payment under the revolving line of credit.
other financial information critical accounting policies and estimates the company's audited consolidated financial statements include certain critical estimates regarding the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. these estimates require management's subjective and complex judgments. amounts reported in the company's consolidated financial statements could differ materially if management used different assumptions in making these estimates, resulting in actual results differing from those estimates. methodologies used and assumptions selected by management in making these estimates, as well as the related disclosures, have been reviewed by and discussed with the company's audit committee. management's determination of the critical nature of accounting estimates and judgments may change from time to time depending on facts and circumstances that management cannot currently predict.
impairment review of goodwill goodwill is required to be tested annually for impairment. an interim review is performed between annual tests if facts and circumstances indicate a potential impairment. the company performs its impairment evaluation as of october 1, which represents the annual evaluation date. the impairment review of goodwill is a critical accounting estimate because goodwill represented 24% (excluding goodwill allocated to assets held for sale) of the company's total assets at december 31, 2022; the review requires management to apply judgment and make key assumptions; and an impairment charge could be material to the company's financial condition and results of operations.
certain operating segments within the building materials business meet the aggregation criteria and are consolidated into reportable segments for financial reporting. the company's reporting units, which represent the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment, are based on the operating segments of the building materials business. goodwill is assigned to the respective reporting unit(s) based on the location of acquisitions at the time of consummation. if subsequent organizational changes result in operations being transferred to a different reporting unit, a proportionate amount of goodwill is transferred from the former to the new reporting unit. the southwest division is the most significant reporting unit and includes $1.8 billion of the company's goodwill. there is also $1.1 billion of goodwill in the west division reporting unit. there is no goodwill related to the magnesia specialties business.
goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the reporting unit's fair value to its carrying value, which represents a step-1 analysis. however, prior to step 1, the company may perform an optional qualitative assessment, or step 0. as part of the qualitative assessment, the company considers, among other things, the following events and circumstances: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance and other business or reporting unit-specific events. if the company concludes it is more-likely-than-not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50%) that a reporting unit's fair value is higher than its carrying value, the company does not perform any further goodwill impairment testing for that reporting unit. otherwise, it proceeds to step 1 of its goodwill impairment analysis. if the reporting unit's fair value exceeds its carrying value, no further calculation is necessary. a reporting unit with a carrying value in excess of its fair value constitutes a step-1 failure and results in an impairment charge. when the company validates its conclusion by measuring fair value, it may resume performing a qualitative assessment for a reporting unit in any subsequent period. the company may bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly with the quantitative calculation in step 1. the company performs a step-1 analysis for all its reporting units every three years.
for the 2022 annual impairment evaluation, the company performed a step-1 analysis for all reporting units. the fair values were calculated using a discounted cash flow model. key assumptions included management's estimates of changes in average selling price, shipment volumes and production costs as well as assumptions of future profitability, capital requirements, discount rates ranging from 10.0% to 10.25% and a terminal growth rate of 2.5%. the fair value of all reporting units exceeded the carrying value. for sensitivity purposes, a 100-basis-point increase in the discount rate, holding all other assumptions constant, would still result in all units passing the step-1 analysis.
future profitability and capital requirements are, by their nature, estimates. price, cost and volume assumptions were based on various factors, including historical averages and current forecasts, external sources, and market conditions, while also considering any production capacity constraints. capital requirements included maintenance-level needs and known efficiency- and capacity-increasing investments.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations a discount rate is calculated for each reporting unit that requires a step-1 analysis and represents its weighted average cost of capital. the calculation of the discount rate includes the following components, which are primarily based on published sources: equity risk premium, historical beta, risk-free interest rate, small-stock premium and borrowing rate.
management believes that all assumptions used were reasonable based on historical operating results and expected future trends. however, if future operating results are unfavorable as compared with forecasts, the results of future goodwill impairment evaluations could be negatively affected. further, mineral reserves, which represent underlying assets producing the reporting units' cash flows for the aggregates product line, are depleting assets by their nature. any potential impairment charges from future evaluations represent a risk to the company.
pension benefit obligation and pension expense - selection of assumptions the company sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that cover substantially all employees and a supplemental excess retirement plan (serp) for certain retirees (see note k to the consolidated financial statements). annually, as of december 31, management remeasures the defined benefit pension plans' projected benefit obligation based on the present value of the projected future benefit payments to all participants for services rendered to date, reflecting expected future pay increases through the participants' expected retirement dates. a discount rate assumption is selected annually based on corporate bond rates as of the measurement date to calculate the present value of the projected benefit obligation.
annual pension expense, referred to as net periodic benefit cost within the consolidated financial statements, (inclusive of serp expense) consists of several components:
•service cost, which represents the present value of benefits attributed to services rendered in the current year, measured by expected future salary levels to assumed retirement dates;
•interest cost, which represents one year's additional interest on the projected benefit obligation;
•expected return on assets, which represents the expected investment return on pension plan assets; and
•amortization of prior service cost and actuarial gains and losses, which represents components that are recognized over time rather than immediately. prior service cost represents credit given to employees for years of service already accrued. at december 31, 2022, unrecognized prior service cost was $48.2 million. management currently expects to amortize $5.9 million of the unrecognized prior service cost in 2023. actuarial gains and losses arise from changes in assumptions regarding future events, a change in the benefit obligation resulting from experience different from assumed or when actual returns on pension assets differ from expected returns. at december 31, 2022, the unrecognized actuarial loss was $43.2 million. pension accounting rules currently allow companies to amortize the portion of the unrecognized actuarial loss that represents more than 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or pension plan assets, using the average remaining service life for the amortization period. the calculation is performed on a plan-by-plan basis. management currently expects to amortize $0.4 million of the unrecognized actuarial loss in 2023.
the aforementioned components are calculated annually to determine the annual pension expense.
management believes the selection of assumptions related to the annual pension expense and related projected benefit obligation is a critical accounting estimate due to the high degree of volatility in the expense and obligation dependent on selected assumptions. the key assumptions are as follows:
•the discount rate is used to present value the projected benefit obligation and represents the current rate at which the projected benefit obligations could be effectively settled.
•the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets is used to estimate future asset returns and should reflect the average rate of long-term earnings on assets invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation.
•the mortality table and mortality improvement scale represent published statistics on the expected lives of people.
•the rate of increase in future compensation levels is used to project the pay-related pension benefit formula and should estimate actual future compensation levels.
management's selection of the discount rate is based on an analysis that estimates the current rate of return for high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities matching the payment of pension benefits that could be purchased to settle the form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations obligations. the company selected a hypothetical portfolio of moody's aa bonds, with maturities that match the benefit obligations, to determine the discount rate. at december 31, 2022, the company selected a discount rate assumption of 5.88%, a 265-basis-point increase compared with the december 31, 2021 assumption. of the four key assumptions, the discount rate is generally the most volatile and sensitive estimate. accordingly, a change in this assumption has the most significant impact on the annual pension expense and the projected benefit obligation.
management's selection of the rate of increase in future compensation levels, which reflects cost of living adjustments and merit and promotion increases, is generally based on the company's historical increases in pensionable earnings, while giving consideration to any future expectations. a higher rate of increase results in higher pension expense and a higher projected benefit obligation. the assumed long-term rate of increase is 4.50%.
management's selection of the expected long-term rate of return on pension fund assets is based on a building-block approach, whereby the components are weighted based on the allocation of pension plan assets. based on the currently projected returns on these assets and related expenses, the company selected an expected return on assets of 6.75%, the same as the prior-year rate. the following table presents the expected return on pension assets as compared with the actual return on pension assets:
(in millions)   expected return on pension assets   actual return on pension assets
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on pension assets is included in actuarial gains and losses, which are amortized into annual pension expense as previously described.
at december 31, 2022 and 2021, the company estimated the remaining lives of participants in the pension plans using the society of actuaries' pri-2012 base mortality table. the no-collar table was used for salaried participants and the blue-collar table was used for hourly participants, both adjusted to reflect the historical experience of the company's participants. the company selected the mp-2020 scale for mortality improvement at december 31, 2022 and 2021.
expected long-term rate of return on assets              6.75%
average remaining service period for participants   10.2 years mortality tables:
mortality improvement scale                            mp-2020
using these assumptions, pension benefit obligation as of december 31, 2022 was $857.6 million and 2023 pension expense is expected to be approximately $16.6 million based on current demographics and structure of the plans. changes in the underlying assumptions would have the following estimated impact on the obligation and expected expense:
•a 25-basis-point change in the discount rate would have changed the december 31, 2022 pension benefit obligation by approximately $25.2 million.
•a 25-basis-point change in the discount rate would change the 2023 expected expense by approximately $0.9 million.
•a 25-basis-point change in the expected long-term rate of return on assets would change the 2023 expected expense by approximately $2.6 million.
the company made pension plan and serp contributions of $90.2 million in 2022 and $482.6 million during the five-year period ended december 31, 2022. in total, the company's pension plans are overfunded (fair value of plan assets exceeds the projected benefit obligation) by $209.5 million at december 31, 2022. the company's projected benefit obligation was $857.6 million at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $277.8 million, or 24%, versus the prior year. this decrease was driven by an increased actuarial gain primarily attributable to a higher discount rate compared with the prior year. the company expects to make pension plan and serp contributions of $36.5 million in 2023, of which $25.0 million is voluntary.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations estimated effective income tax rate the company uses the liability method to determine its provision for income taxes. accordingly, the annual provision for income taxes reflects estimates of the current liability for income taxes, estimates of the tax effect of financial reporting versus tax basis differences using statutory income tax rates and management's judgment with respect to any valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and accruals for uncertain tax positions. the result is management's estimate of the annual effective tax rate (the etr).
income for tax purposes is determined through the application of the rules and regulations under the united states internal revenue code and the statutes of various foreign, state and local tax jurisdictions in which the company conducts business. changes in the statutory tax rates and/or tax laws in these jurisdictions can have a material impact on the etr. the effect of these changes, if material, is recognized when the change is enacted.
as prescribed by these tax regulations, as well as generally accepted accounting principles, the manner in which revenues and expenses are recognized for financial reporting and income tax purposes is not always the same. therefore, these differences between the company's pretax income for financial reporting purposes and the amount of taxable income for income tax purposes are treated as either temporary or permanent, depending on their nature.
temporary differences reflect revenues or expenses that are recognized in financial reporting in one period and taxable income in a different period. an example of a temporary difference is the use of the straight-line method of depreciation of machinery and equipment for financial reporting purposes and the use of an accelerated method for income tax purposes. temporary differences result from differences between the financial reporting basis and tax basis of assets or liabilities and give rise to deferred tax assets or liabilities (i.e., future tax deductions or future taxable income). therefore, when temporary differences occur, they are offset by a corresponding change in a deferred tax account. as such, total income tax expense as reported in the company's consolidated statements of earnings is not changed by temporary differences.
the company has deferred tax liabilities, primarily for right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles, employee pension and postretirement benefits and partnerships and joint ventures. the deferred tax liabilities attributable to property, plant and equipment relate to accelerated depreciation and depletion methods used for income tax purposes as compared with the straight-line and units-of-production methods used for financial reporting purposes. these temporary differences will reverse over the remaining useful lives of the related assets. the deferred tax liabilities attributable to goodwill arise as a result of amortizing goodwill for income tax purposes but not for financial reporting purposes. this temporary difference reverses when goodwill is written off for financial reporting purposes, either through divestitures or an impairment charge. the timing of such events cannot be estimated. the deferred tax liabilities attributable to employee pension and postretirement benefits relate to deductions as plans are funded for income tax purposes compared with deductions for financial reporting purposes based on accounting standards. the reversal of these differences depends on the timing of the company's contributions to the related benefit plans as compared to the annual expense for financial reporting purposes. the deferred tax liabilities attributable to partnerships and joint ventures relate to the difference between the tax basis of the investments in partnerships and joint ventures when compared to the basis for financial reporting purposes. the temporary difference reverses through differences recognized over the life of the investment or through divestiture.
the company has deferred tax assets, primarily for inventories, unrecognized losses related to the funded status of the pension and postretirement benefit plans, lease liabilities, valuation reserves, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. the deferred tax assets attributable to inventories and valuation reserves relate to the deduction of estimated cost reserves and various period expenses for financial reporting purposes that are deductible in a later period for income tax purposes. the reversal of these differences depends on facts and circumstances, including the timing of deduction for income tax purposes for reserves previously established and the establishment of additional reserves for financial reporting purposes. the deferred tax assets attributable to unvested stock-based compensation awards relate to differences in the timing of deductibility for financial reporting purposes versus income tax purposes. for financial reporting purposes, the fair value of the awards is deducted ratably over the requisite service period. for income tax purposes, no deduction is allowed until the award is vested or no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture. the company reflects all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in income tax expense as a discrete event in the period in which the award vests or settles, increasing volatility in the income tax rate from period to period.
business combinations - allocation of purchase price the company's board of directors and management regularly review strategic long-term plans, including potential investments in value-added acquisitions of related or similar businesses, which would increase the company's market presence and/or are form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations related to the company's existing markets. when an acquisition is completed, the company's consolidated statements of earnings include the operating results of the acquired business starting from the date of acquisition, which is the date control is obtained. the purchase price is determined based on the fair value of assets and equity interests given to the seller and any future obligations to the seller as of the date of acquisition. the company allocates the purchase price to the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as valued at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded for the excess of the purchase price over the net of the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. the purchase price allocation is a critical accounting policy because the estimation of fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities is judgmental and requires various assumptions. further, the amounts and useful lives assigned to depreciable and amortizable assets versus amounts assigned to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are not amortized, can significantly affect the results of operations in the period of and for periods subsequent to a business combination.
fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction, and, therefore, represents an exit price. fair value measurement assumes the highest and best use of the asset by market participants, considering the use of the asset that is physically possible, legally permissible, and financially feasible at the measurement date. the company assigns the highest level of fair value available to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the following options:
•level 1 - quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
•level 2 - observable inputs, other than quoted prices, for similar assets or liabilities in active markets
•level 3 - unobservable inputs, used to value the asset or liability which includes the use of valuation models level 1 fair values are used to value investments in publicly traded entities and assumed obligations for publicly traded long-term debt.
level 2 fair values are typically used to value acquired receivables, inventories, machinery and equipment, land, buildings, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and accruals for payables, asset retirement obligations, environmental remediation and compliance obligations, and contingencies. additionally, level 2 fair values are typically used to value assumed contracts at other-than-market rates.
level 3 fair values are used to value acquired mineral reserves and mineral interests produced and sold as final products, and separately-identifiable intangible assets. the fair values of mineral reserves and mineral interests are determined using an excess earnings approach, which requires significant judgment to estimate future cash flows, net of capital investments in the specific operation and contributory asset charges. the estimate of future cash flows is based on available historical information and future expectations and assumptions determined by management, but is inherently uncertain. significant assumptions used to estimate future cash flows include changes in forecasted revenues based on sales price and shipment volumes as well as forecasted expenses inclusive of production costs and capital needs. the present value of the projected net cash flows represents the fair value assigned to mineral reserves and mineral interests. the discount rate is a significant assumption used in the valuation model and is based on the required rate of return that a hypothetical market participant would require if purchasing the acquired business, with an adjustment for the risk of these assets not generating the projected cash flows.
the company values separately-identifiable acquired intangible assets which may include, but are not limited to, permits, customer relationships, water rights and noncompetition agreements. the fair values of these assets are typically determined by an excess earnings method, a replacement cost method or, in the case of water rights, a market approach.
the useful lives of amortizable intangible assets and the remaining useful lives for acquired machinery and equipment have a significant impact on earnings. the selected lives are based on the expected periods that the assets will provide value to the company subsequent to the business combination.
the company may adjust the amounts recognized for a business combination during a measurement period after the acquisition date. any such adjustments are based on the company obtaining additional information that existed at the acquisition date regarding the assets acquired or the liabilities assumed. measurement-period adjustments are generally recorded as increases or decreases to the goodwill recognized in the transaction. the measurement period ends once the company has obtained all necessary information that existed as of the acquisition date, but does not extend beyond one year from the date of acquisition. any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed beyond the measurement period are recorded through earnings.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations property, plant and equipment net property, plant and equipment (excluding the amount allocated to assets held for sale) represented 42% of total assets at december 31, 2022. accordingly, accounting for these assets represents a critical accounting policy. useful lives of the assets can vary depending on factors, including production levels, geographic location, portability and maintenance practices. additionally, climate and inclement weather can reduce the useful life of an asset. historically, the company has not recognized significant losses on the disposal or retirement of fixed assets.
aggregates mineral reserves and mineral interests are components within the plant, property and equipment balance on the consolidated balance sheets. the company evaluates aggregates reserves, including those used in the cement manufacturing process, in several ways, depending on the geology at a particular location and whether the location is a greensite, an acquisition or an existing operation. greensites require an extensive drilling program before any significant investment is made in terms of time, site development or efforts to obtain appropriate zoning and permitting (see environmental regulation and litigation section). the depth of overburden and the quality and quantity of the aggregates reserves are significant factors in determining whether to pursue opening the site. further, the estimated average selling price for products in a market is also a significant factor in concluding that reserves are economically mineable. if the company's analysis based on these factors is satisfactory, the total aggregates reserves available are calculated and a determination is made whether to open the location. reserve evaluation at existing locations is typically performed to evaluate purchasing adjoining properties, for quality control, calculating overburden volumes and for mine planning. reserve evaluation of acquisitions may require a higher degree of sampling to locate any problem areas that may exist and to verify the total reserves.
well-ordered subsurface sampling of the underlying deposit is basic to determining reserves at any location. this subsurface sampling usually involves one or more types of drilling, determined by the nature of the material to be sampled and the particular objective of the sampling. the company's objectives are to ensure that the underlying deposit meets aggregates specifications and the total reserves on site are sufficient for mining and economically recoverable. locations underlain with hard rock deposits, such as granite and limestone, are drilled using the diamond core method, which provides the most useful and accurate samples of the deposit. selected core samples are tested for soundness, abrasion resistance and other physical properties relevant to the aggregates industry and depend on the aggregates use. the number and depth of the holes are determined by the size of the site and the complexity of the site-specific geology. some geological factors that may affect the number and depth of holes include faults, folds, chemical irregularities, clay pockets, thickness of formations and weathering. a typical spacing of core holes on the area to be tested is one hole for every four acres, but wider spacing may be justified if the deposit is homogeneous.
despite previous drilling and sampling, once accessed, the quality of reserves within a deposit can vary. construction contracts, for the infrastructure market in particular, include specifications related to the aggregates material. if a flaw in the deposit is discovered, the aggregates material may not meet the required specifications. although it is possible that the aggregates material can still be used for non-specification uses, this can have an adverse effect on the company's ability to serve certain customers or on the company's profitability. in addition, other issues can arise that limit the company's ability to access reserves in a particular quarry, including geological occurrences, blasting practices and zoning issues.
locations underlain with sand and gravel are typically drilled using the auger method, whereby a six-inch corkscrew brings up material from below the ground which is then sampled. deposits in these locations are typically limited in thickness. additionally, the quality and sand-to-gravel ratio of the deposit can vary both horizontally and vertically. hole spacing at these locations is approximately one hole for every acre to ensure a representative sampling.
the geologist conducting the reserve evaluation makes the decision as to the number of holes and the spacing in accordance with standards and procedures established by the company. further, the anticipated heterogeneity of the deposit, based on u.s. geological maps, also dictates the number of holes drilled.
the generally accepted reserve categories for the aggregates industry and the designations the company uses for reserve categories are summarized as follows:
proven reserves - these reserves are designated using closely spaced drill data as described above and a determination by a professional geologist that the deposit is relatively homogeneous based on the drilling results and exploration data provided in u.s. geologic maps, the u.s. department of agriculture soil maps, aerial photographs and/or electromagnetic, seismic or other surveys conducted by independent geotechnical engineering firms. the proven reserves that are recorded reflect reductions incurred through quarrying that result from leaving ramps, safety benches, pillars (underground) and the fines (small particles) that will be generated during processing. proven reserves form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are further reduced by reserves that are under the plant and stockpile areas, as well as setbacks from neighboring property lines. the company typically assumes a loss factor of 25%. however, the assumed loss factor at coastal operations is approximately 40% due to the nature of the material. the assumed loss factor for underground operations is 35% primarily due to pillars.
the company's proven and probable reserves reflect reasonable economic and operating constraints as to maximum depth of overburden and stone excavation, and also include reserves at the company's inactive and undeveloped sites, including some sites where permitting and zoning applications will not be filed until warranted by expected future growth. the company has historically been successful in obtaining and maintaining appropriate zoning and permitting (see environmental regulation and litigation section).
mineral reserves and mineral interests, when acquired in connection with a business combination, are valued using an excess earnings approach for the life of the proven and probable reserves.
the company uses proven and probable reserves as the denominator in its units-of-production calculation to record depletion expense for its mineral reserves and mineral interests. for 2022, depletion expense was $59.8 million.
the company begins capitalizing quarry development costs at a point when reserves are determined to be proven or probable, economically mineable and when demand supports investment in the market. capitalization of these costs ceases when production commences. capitalized quarry development costs are classified as land improvements.
new mining areas may be developed at existing quarries in order to access additional reserves. when this occurs, management reviews the facts and circumstances of each situation in making a determination as to the appropriateness of capitalizing or expensing the related pre-production development costs. if the additional mining location operates in a separate and distinct area of a quarry, the costs are capitalized as quarry development costs and depreciated over the life of the uncovered reserves. further, a separate asset retirement obligation is created for additional mining areas when the liability is incurred. once a new mining area enters the production phase, all post-production stripping costs are expensed as incurred as periodic inventory production costs.
forward-looking statements - safe harbor provisions under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
if you are interested in martin marietta stock, management recommends that, at a minimum, you read the company's current annual report and forms 10-k, 10-q and 8-k reports to the securities and exchange commission (sec) over the past year. the company's recent proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders also contains important information. these and other materials that have been filed with the sec are accessible through the company's website at www.martinmarietta.com and are also available at the sec's website at www.sec.gov. you may also write or call the company's corporate secretary, who will provide copies of such reports.
investors are cautioned that all statements in this annual report that relate to the future involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that the company believes in good faith are reasonable but which may be materially different from actual results. these statements, which are forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 and 27a of the securities act of 1933, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, provide the investor with the company's expectations or forecasts of future events. you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. they may use words such as "anticipate," "may," "expect," "should," "believe," "project," "intend," "will," and other words of similar meaning in connection with future events or future operating or financial performance. in addition to the statements included in this report, we may from time to time make other oral or written forward-looking statements in other filings under the securities exchange act of 1934 or in other public disclosures. any or all of management's forward-looking statements here and in other publications may turn out to be wrong.
these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that may be materially different from actual results, and include, but are not limited to:
•the ability of the company to face challenges, including shipment declines resulting from economic events beyond the company's control;
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•the history of both cement and ready mixed concrete being subject to significant changes in supply, demand and price fluctuations;
•the level and timing of federal, state or local transportation or infrastructure or public projects funding, most particularly in texas, colorado, north carolina, minnesota, california, georgia, arizona, iowa, florida and indiana;
•the united states congress' inability to reach agreement among themselves or with the administration on policy issues that impact the federal budget;
•the ability of states and/or other entities to finance approved projects either with tax revenues or alternative financing structures;
•levels of construction spending in the markets the company serves;
•a reduction in defense spending and the subsequent impact on construction activity on or near military bases;
•a decline in energy-related construction activity resulting from a sustained period of low global oil prices or changes in oil production patterns or capital spending in response to this decline, particularly in texas and west virginia;
•increasing residential mortgage rates and other factors that could result in a slowdown in residential construction;
•unfavorable weather conditions, particularly atlantic ocean, pacific ocean and gulf of mexico storm and hurricane activity, the late start to spring or the early onset of winter and the impact of a drought or excessive rainfall in the markets served by the company, any of which can significantly affect production schedules, volumes, product and/or geographic mix and profitability;
•the volatility of fuel costs and energy, particularly diesel fuel, electricity, natural gas and the impact on the cost, or the availability generally, of other consumables, namely steel, explosives, tires and conveyor belts, and with respect to the company's magnesia specialties business, natural gas;
•continued increases in the cost of other repair and supply parts;
•construction labor shortages and/or supply chain challenges;
•unexpected equipment failures, unscheduled maintenance, industrial accident or other prolonged and/or significant disruption to production facilities;
•the resiliency and potential declines of the company's various construction end-use markets;
•the potential negative impacts of a global health crisis such as covid-19 and its variants;
•increasing governmental regulation, including environmental laws and climate change regulations;
•transportation availability or a sustained reduction in capital investment by the railroads, notably the availability of railcars, locomotive power and the condition of rail infrastructure to move trains to supply the company's texas, colorado, florida, carolinas and the gulf coast markets, including the movement of essential dolomitic lime for magnesia chemicals to the company's plant in manistee, michigan and its customers;
•increased transportation costs, including increases from higher or fluctuating passed-through energy costs or fuel surcharges, and other costs to comply with tightening regulations, as well as higher volumes of rail and water shipments;
•availability of trucks and licensed drivers for transport of the company's materials;
•availability and cost of construction equipment in the united states;
•weakening in the steel industry markets served by the company's dolomitic lime products;
•trade disputes with one or more nations impacting the u.s. economy, including the impact of tariffs on the steel industry;
•unplanned changes in costs or realignment of customers that introduce volatility to earnings, including that of the magnesia specialties business that is running at capacity;
•proper functioning of information technology and automated operating systems to manage or support operations;
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•inflation and its effect on both production and interest costs;
•the concentration of customers in construction markets and the increased risk of potential losses on customer receivables;
•the impact of the level of demand in the company's end-use markets, production levels and management of production costs on the operating leverage and therefore profitability of the company;
•the possibility that the expected synergies from acquisitions will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period, including achieving anticipated profitability to maintain compliance with the company's leverage ratio debt covenant;
•changes in tax laws, the interpretation of such laws and/or administrative practices, including acquisitions and divestitures, that would increase the company's tax rate;
•violation of the company's debt covenant if price and/or volumes return to previous levels of instability;
•downward pressure on the company's common stock price and its impact on goodwill impairment evaluations;
•the possibility of a reduction of the company's credit rating to non-investment grade; and
•other risk factors listed from time to time found in the company's filings with the sec.
further, increased highway construction funding pressures resulting from either federal or state issues can affect profitability. if these negatively affect transportation budgets more than in the past, construction spending could be reduced. cement is subject to cyclical supply and demand and price fluctuations.
the company's principal business serves customers in construction markets. this concentration could increase the risk of potential losses on customer receivables; however, payment bonds normally posted on public projects, together with lien rights on private projects, mitigate the risk of uncollectible receivables. the level of demand in the company's end-use markets, production levels and the management of production costs will affect the operating leverage of the building materials business and, therefore, profitability. production costs in the building materials business are also sensitive to energy and raw material prices, both directly and indirectly. diesel fuel, coal and other consumables change production costs directly through consumption or indirectly by increased energy-related input costs, such as steel, explosives, tires and conveyor belts. fluctuating diesel fuel pricing also affects transportation costs, primarily through fuel surcharges in the company's long-haul distribution network. the magnesia specialties business is sensitive to changes in domestic steel capacity utilization as well as the absolute price and fluctuation in the cost of natural gas.
transportation in the company's long-haul network, particularly the supply of railcars and locomotive power and condition of rail infrastructure to move trains, affects the company's efficient transportation of aggregates products in certain markets, most notably texas, colorado, florida, north carolina and the gulf coast. in addition, availability of railcars and locomotives affects the company's movement of essential dolomitic lime for magnesia chemicals to both the company's plant in manistee, michigan, and its customers. the availability of trucks, drivers and railcars to transport the company's product, particularly in markets experiencing high growth and increased demand, is also a risk and pressures the associated costs.
all of the company's businesses are also subject to weather-related risks that can significantly affect production schedules and profitability. the first and fourth quarters are most adversely affected by winter weather. hurricane and cyclone activity in the atlantic ocean, pacific ocean and gulf coast generally is most active during the second, third and fourth quarters.
risks also include shipment declines resulting from economic events beyond the company's control.
in addition to the foregoing, other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this annual report include but are not limited to those listed above in item 1, "business - competition," item 1a, "risk factors," and "note a: accounting policies" and "note o: commitments and contingencies" of the "notes to financial statements" of the audited consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k.
you should consider these forward-looking statements in light of risk factors discussed in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022 and other filings made with the sec. all of the company's forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these factors. in addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company considers immaterial could affect the accuracy of its forward-looking statements, or adversely affect or be material to the company. all forward-looking statements are made as of the date of filing or publication and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.
form 10-k ♦ page part ii ♦ item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk