item 1a. risk factors the risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. the information set forth in this item 1a "risk factors" should be read in conjunction with the rest of the information included in this annual report, including
item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
regulatory and legislative risks governmental legislation, regulation, and executive orders over commercial, operational, tax, safety, security, or cybersecurity matters could negatively affect us, our customers, the rail industry or the markets we serve. congress can enact laws, agencies can promulgate regulations, and executive orders can be issued that increase or alter regulation that negatively affects us, our customers, the rail industry or the markets we serve. railroads presently are subject to commercial and operational regulation by the stb, which has jurisdiction to varying extents over rates, routes, customer access provisions, fuel surcharges, conditions of service, and the extension or abandonment of rail lines.
the stb also has jurisdiction over the consolidation, merger, or acquisition of control of and by rail common carriers. additional or updated regulation of the rail industry by congress or the stb, whether under new, existing or amended laws or regulations, could have a significant negative impact on our ability to negotiate prices for rail services, on our railway operating revenues, and on the efficiency, conduct, or complexity of our operations. such additional or updated industry regulation, as well as enactment of any new or updated tax laws, could also negatively impact cash flows from our operating activities and, therefore, result in reduced capital spending on our rail network or abandonment of lines.
railroads are also subject to the enactment of laws by congress and regulation by the dot (including the fra) and the dhs (including the tsa), which regulate many aspects of our operations related to safety, security and cybersecurity. additional or updated safety, security, or cybersecurity regulation by congress, the dot or dhs could have a negative impact on our business and the efficiency, conduct, or complexity of our operations including (but not limited to) increased operating costs, capital expenditures, claims and litigation.
our inability to comply with the requirements of existing or updated laws, regulations, or executive orders that govern our operations or the rail industry, including but not limited to those pertaining to commercial, operational, tax, safety, security, or cybersecurity matters, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
federal and state environmental laws and regulations could negatively impact us and our operations. our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things: emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and, the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. the risk of incurring environmental liability, for acts and omissions, past, present, and future, is inherent in the railroad business. this risk includes property owned by us, whether currently or in the past, that is or has been subject to a variety of uses, including our railroad operations and other industrial activity by past owners or our past and present tenants.
environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time, with respect to one or more of these properties. moreover, lawsuits and claims involving other unidentified environmental sites and matters are likely to arise from time to time.
our inability to comply with the extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in significant liabilities or otherwise adversely impact our operations.
operational risks pandemics, epidemics or endemic diseases could further negatively impact us, our customers, our supply chain and our operations. the magnitude and duration of a pandemic, epidemic or endemic disease, and its impact on our customers and general economic conditions can influence the demand for our services and affect our revenues. in addition, such outbreaks could affect our operations and business continuity if a significant number of our essential employees, overall or in a key location, are quarantined from contraction of or exposure to the disease or if governmental orders prevent our employees or critical suppliers from working. to the extent such diseases adversely affect our business and financial results, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors included herein, or may affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us.
a significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. we rely on information technology, and improvements in that technology, in all aspects of our business. if we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of information technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, data breach, or other operational difficulties. although we maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. while we have previously experienced cybersecurity events that have had minimal impact, future events may result in more significant impacts to our operations, reputation or results of operations. these potentially impactful events could include unauthorized access to our systems, viruses, ransomware, and/or compromise, acquisition, or destruction of our data. we also could be impacted by cybersecurity events targeting third parties that we rely on for business operations, including third party vendors that have access to our systems or data and third parties in our supply chain. such a direct or indirect cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service, cause safety failures or operational difficulties, decrease revenues, increase operating costs, impact our efficiency, damage our corporate reputation, and/or expose us to litigation or government action or increased regulation, which could result in penalties, fines or judgments. in addition, our failure to comply with privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in government investigations and proceedings against us, or litigation, resulting in adverse reputational impacts, penalties, and legal liability.
our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems. if we fail to develop, acquire or implement new technology, or otherwise fail to maintain, protect or integrate our information technology systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service.
as a common carrier by rail, we must offer to transport hazardous materials, regardless of risk. transportation of certain hazardous materials could create catastrophic losses in terms of personal injury and property (including environmental) damage and compromise critical parts of our rail network. the costs of a catastrophic rail accident involving hazardous materials could exceed our insurance coverage. we have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements); however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.
we face competition from other transportation providers. we are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. while we have primarily used internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges have been able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation changing or materially increasing the efficiency or reducing the cost of one or more alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate (such as granting materially greater latitude for motor carriers with respect to size or weight limitations or adoption and utilization of autonomous commercial vehicles) could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete with other modes of transportation.
capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency. we have experienced and may again experience capacity constraints on our rail network related to employee or equipment shortages, increased demand for rail services, severe weather, congestion on other railroads, including passenger activities, or impacts from changes to our network structure or composition. such constraints could result in operational inefficiencies or adversely affect our operations.
significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives. changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel, particularly for engineers and conductors, have negatively impacted and may again negatively impact our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. unpredicted increases in demand for rail services may exacerbate such risks and could negatively impact our operational efficiency.
constraints on the supply chain or the operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations.  our ability to provide rail service to our customers depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers (including shortlines and regional railroads) with respect to, among other matters, freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. deterioration in the supply chain or operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. additionally, any significant consolidations, mergers or operational changes among other railroads may significantly redefine our market access and reach.
we may be negatively affected by terrorism or war. any terrorist attack, or other similar event, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war could cause significant business interruption. because we play a critical role in the nation's transportation system, we could become the target of such an attack or have a significant role in the government's preemptive approach or response to an attack or war.
although we currently maintain insurance coverage for third-party liability arising out of war and acts of terrorism, we maintain only limited insurance coverage for first-party property damage and damage to property in our care, k13
custody, or control caused by certain acts of terrorism. in addition, premiums for some or all of our current insurance programs covering these losses could increase dramatically, or insurance coverage for certain losses could be unavailable to us in the future.
we may be negatively affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in the fuel markets or the nature of some of our supplier markets. we consumed approximately 376 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2022. fuel availability could be affected by limitation in the fuel supply or by imposition of mandatory allocation or rationing regulations. a severe fuel supply shortage arising from production curtailments, increased demand in existing or emerging foreign markets, disruption of oil imports, disruption of domestic refinery production, damage to refinery or pipeline infrastructure, political unrest, war or other factors could impact us as well as our customers and other transportation companies.
due to the capital-intensive nature, as well as the industry-specific requirements of the rail industry, high barriers of entry exist for potential new suppliers of core railroad items, such as locomotives and rolling stock equipment. additionally, we compete with other industries for available capacity and raw materials used in the production of locomotives and certain track and rolling stock materials. changes in the competitive landscapes of these limited supplier markets could result in increased prices or significant shortages of materials.
litigation risks we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures. the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, commercial disputes, freight loss and other property damage, and other matters. job-related personal injury and occupational claims are subject to the federal employer's liability act (fela), which is applicable only to railroads. fela's fault-based tort system produces results that are unpredictable and inconsistent as compared with a no-fault worker's compensation system. the variability inherent in this system could result in actual costs being different from the liability recorded.
a catastrophic rail accident, whether on our lines or another carrier's, involving any or all of release of hazardous materials, freight loss, property damage, personal injury, and environmental liability could compromise critical parts of our rail network. losses associated with such an accident involving us could exceed our insurance coverage, resulting in a material adverse effect on our liquidity. any material changes to current litigation trends could also have a material adverse effect on our liquidity to the extent not covered by insurance.
we have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.
human capital risks the vast majority of our employees belong to labor unions, and the renegotiation of labor agreements or any provisions thereof, or any strikes or work stoppages (including any entered into in connection with any such negotiations), could adversely affect our operations. approximately 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. although we recently entered into updated labor agreements with these labor unions, future national labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, could significantly increase our costs for health care, wages, and other benefits. additionally, if our craft employees were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, including in connection with the renegotiation of any such agreements or any provisions thereof, we could experience a significant disruption in our operations, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations.
failure to attract and retain key executive officers, or skilled professional or technical employees could adversely impact our business and operations.  our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled employees, including a sufficient number of craft employees to enable us to efficiently conduct our operations.
difficulties in recruiting and retaining skilled employees, including train and engine workers, key executives, and other skilled professional and technical employees; the unexpected loss of such individuals; and/or our inability to successfully transition key roles could each have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
climate change risks severe weather and disasters have caused, and could again cause, significant business interruptions and expenditures. severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena resulting from changing weather patterns and rising sea levels or other causes, including hurricanes, floods, fires, landslides, extreme temperatures, significant precipitation, and earthquakes, have caused, and may again cause damage to our network, our workforce to be unavailable and us to be unable to use our equipment. additionally, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity or duration of certain adverse weather conditions, which could cause more significant business interruptions that result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues.
concern over climate change has led to significant federal, state, and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions. restrictions, caps, taxes, or other legislative or regulatory controls on ghg emissions, including diesel exhaust, could significantly increase our operating costs and decrease the amount of traffic we handle.
in addition, legislation and regulation related to climate change or ghg emissions could negatively affect the markets we serve and our customers. even without legislation or regulation, government incentives and adverse publicity relating to climate change or ghg emissions could negatively affect the markets for certain of the commodities we carry, or our customers that use commodities we carry to produce energy (including coal), use significant amounts of energy in producing or delivering the commodities we carry, or manufacture or produce goods that consume significant amounts of energy associated with ghg emissions.
macroeconomic and market risks we may be negatively impacted by changes in general economic conditions. negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions, including reduced import and export volumes, could affect the producers and consumers of the freight we carry. economic conditions could also result in bankruptcies of one or more large customers.
we may be negatively affected by energy prices. volatility in energy prices could have a significant effect on a variety of items including, but not limited to: the economy; demand for transportation services; business related to the energy sector, including crude oil, natural gas, and coal; fuel prices; and, fuel surcharges.
the state of capital markets could adversely affect our liquidity. we rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of debt instruments and the sale of certain receivables. significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including the credit markets, or deterioration of our financial position due to internal or external factors could restrict or eliminate our access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources, including bank credit facilities and issuance of corporate bonds. instability or disruptions of the capital markets and deterioration of our financial position, alone or in combination, could also result in a reduction of our credit rating to below investment grade, which could prohibit or restrict us from accessing external sources of short- and long-term debt financing and/or significantly increase the associated costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations norfolk southern corporation and subsidiaries the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes.
overview we are one of the nation's premier transportation companies, moving goods and materials that help drive the u.s. economy. we connect customers to markets and communities to economic opportunity with safe, reliable, and cost-effective shipping solutions. our norfolk southern railway company subsidiary operates in 22 states and the district of columbia. we are a major transporter of industrial products, including agriculture, forest and consumer products, chemicals, and metals and construction materials. in addition, in the east we serve every major container port and operate the most extensive intermodal network. we are also a principal carrier of coal, automobiles, and automotive parts.
in 2022, revenue growth led to year-over-year improvements in income from operations, net income and diluted earnings per share. throughout the year, we focused on efforts to increase our network fluidity and improve service for our customers. these efforts included the hiring of new conductors in a tight labor market and evolving our operating plan, which collectively drove improvements in our network performance as we concluded the year and is providing strong momentum going into 2023. additionally, new labor agreements were secured by december 2022 which provided retroactive pay and other benefits for our craft employees. as we head into 2023, we are focused on providing reliable and resilient service and delivering smart sustainable revenue growth that will deliver long-term value to our customers and shareholders.
income from railway operations increased in 2022 compared to 2021, driven by higher railway operating revenues. revenue growth was the result of higher fuel surcharge revenues and pricing gains, which more than offset the impact of volume declines. the rise in revenues was partly offset by increased railway operating expenses, driven by higher fuel prices, other inflationary pressures, service-related costs, increased labor-related costs primarily resulting from labor union negotiations, and higher claims-related expenses. incremental expenses incurred in 2022 that resulted from finalized labor agreements for wages earned in 2021 and prior periods lowered diluted earnings per share by $0.18. additionally, net income includes a $136 million deferred tax benefit resulting from a corporate income tax rate change in the commonwealth of pennsylvania, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.58. our share repurchase activity resulted in the percentage increase in diluted earnings per share that exceeded that of net income. railway operating ratio (a measure of the amount of operating revenues consumed by operating expenses) increased to 62.3 percent.
income from railway operations increased in 2021 compared to 2020, the result of a 14% increase in railway operating revenues and a 1% reduction in railway operating expenses. revenue growth was driven by increased average revenue per unit and higher volumes, the result of improved customer demand. the decline in railway k19
operating expenses was largely due to the absence of two charges, as 2020 results were adversely impacted by a $385 million loss on asset disposal related to locomotives and a $99 million impairment charge related to an equity method investment. for more information on these charges, see notes 7 and 6, respectively. higher fuel costs, purchased services, and compensation and benefits expense mostly offset the reduction associated with these charges. additionally, gains on the sale of operating properties increased compared to 2020. the 48% increase in income from railway operations drove comparable increases in net income and diluted earnings per share. our railway operating ratio decreased to 60.1 percent.
the following tables adjust our 2020 u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) financial results to exclude the effects of the loss on asset disposal and investment impairment. the income tax effects on these non-gaap adjustments were calculated based on the applicable tax rates to which the non-gaap adjustments relate. we use these non-gaap financial measures internally and believe this information provides useful supplemental information to investors to facilitate making period-to-period comparisons by excluding the 2020 charges. while we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful in evaluating our business, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, these non-gaap financial measures may not be the same as similar measures presented by other companies.
detailed results of operations railway operating revenues the following tables present a three-year comparison of revenues, volumes (units), and average revenue per unit by commodity group.
units                    2022                       2021
revenue per unit                    2022                       2021
($ per unit)                                         (% change)
revenues increased $1.6 billion in 2022 and $1.4 billion in 2021 compared to the prior years. higher revenue for 2022 was the result of increased average revenue per unit, driven by higher fuel surcharge revenue, pricing gains, improved mix, and increased intermodal storage service charges, partially offset by volume declines. in 2021, higher revenue was the result of increased average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains, higher fuel surcharge revenue, increased intermodal storage service charges and improved mix, as well as volume growth.
the table below reflects the components of the revenue change by major commodity group.
approximately 95% of our revenue base is covered by contracts that include negotiated fuel surcharges. fuel surcharge revenues totaled $1.6 billion, $622 million, and $349 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. the increase in fuel surcharge revenues in 2022 and 2021 was driven by higher fuel commodity prices.
for 2023, we expect that revenue growth will be a challenge, as there is substantial economic uncertainty. additionally, we expect revenue headwinds resulting from lower fuel prices, softening coal pricing, and declining storage service charges. in this difficult environment, we will continue to fight to increase revenue by recapturing truck-competitive freight and achieving pricing gains.
merchandise revenues increased in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. in 2022, revenues rose due to higher average revenue per unit, driven by higher fuel surcharge revenue and increased pricing, partially offset by lower volume. decreased volumes in metal and construction and automotive shipments more than offset higher chemical shipments. in 2021, revenues rose due to increased volume and higher average revenue per unit driven by increased fuel surcharge revenue and pricing. volumes increased in all merchandise commodity groups, reflecting economic recovery following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic.
agriculture, forest and consumer products revenues increased in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. in 2022, the rise was the result of increased average revenue per unit, the result of higher fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains, while volumes were nearly flat. declines in pulpboard, fertilizer, and pulp, were offset by increases in soybeans, feed, and corn. pulpboard and pulp shipments declined due to decreased demand, equipment availability, service disruptions, and production down time. lower fertilizer shipments were driven by high fertilizer prices causing customers to draw down on existing inventories or delay purchases as well as production disruptions. soybean volumes were higher due to increased opportunity for exports. feed shipments were higher due to increased customer demand. increased corn shipments were due to improved equipment cycle times. in 2021, higher revenues were the result of higher volume across almost all markets, as the economy improved from the early months of the pandemic in 2020, and increased average revenue per unit, the result of pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue. gains in ethanol, pulpboard, beverages, lumber and wood, and woodchips more than offset declines in soybeans and pulp.
chemicals revenues increased in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. in 2022, the increase was the result of higher average revenue per unit, driven by fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains, and volume growth.
increases in sand and solid waste shipments were partially offset by declines in plastics, inorganic chemicals, organic chemicals, and natural gas liquids. the increase in sand was due to greater demand resulting from sustained high natural gas prices. solid waste shipments increased due to growth with existing customers. plastics shipments decreased due to softening of the housing market. declines in inorganic chemicals, organic chemicals, and natural gas liquids shipments were due to decreased demand and reduced production. in 2021, the increase was the result of volume growth partially offset by lower average revenue per unit, driven by mix of traffic. the increase in volume was due to economic and production recovery since the beginning of the pandemic, despite ongoing challenges in the energy markets. the markets with the largest gains were solid waste, industrial chemicals, sand, natural gas liquids, and plastics.
metals and construction revenues were higher in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. in 2022, revenue growth was driven by higher average revenue per unit, the result of higher fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains, partially offset by lower volume. volumes fell largely as a result of decreased shipments of coil steel, iron and steel, and scrap metal driven by service disruptions and slower equipment cycle times. in 2021, revenue growth was driven by increased volumes and higher average revenue per unit, the result of pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue. volume increased across almost all markets due to economic improvement since the beginning of the pandemic. the commodities serving the metal production industry, including coil steel, scrap metal, and iron and steel, experienced the largest gains.
automotive revenues rose in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. the increase in revenues in 2022 was driven by higher average revenue per unit, due to higher fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains, partially offset by volume declines. volume declines were the result of slower equipment cycle times partially offset by fewer parts supply issues due to easing supply chain congestion when compared to the prior year. in 2021, the increase in revenues was driven by volume growth and higher average revenue per unit, a result of an increase in fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains. automotive volumes were higher due primarily to increased retail demand and the impact of prior-year pandemic-induced production shutdowns. this was partially offset by the impact of the microchip shortage on production.
intermodal revenues increased in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. the increase in 2022 was the result of higher average revenue per unit, driven by higher fuel surcharge revenue, pricing gains, and increased storage service charges, partially offset by decreased volume. the rise in 2021 was primarily the result of higher average revenue per unit driven by increased storage service charges, higher fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains.
intermodal units by market were as follows:
(units in thousands)                                         (% change)
domestic volume decreased in 2022 but increased in 2021 compared with the prior years. in 2022, volume declined due to service disruptions, terminal congestion, strong over-the-road competition, and increased truck availability. in 2021, volume rose due to strong consumer demand which was partially offset by overall supply chain congestion, including equipment availability issues.
international volume fell in 2022 but rose in 2021. the decline in 2022 was the result of supply chain constraints, chassis shortages, and excess retail inventory. the increase in 2021 was the result of strong import demand despite being limited by various supply chain constraints, including chassis availability issues.
coal revenues increased in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. the increase in 2022 was due to higher average revenue per unit, driven by pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue, and increased volumes. the increase in 2021 was due to increased volumes and higher average revenue per unit driven by pricing gains and positive mix.
utility                          35,705                      33,169                      32,479                      8    %                     2    %
utility coal tonnage increased in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years. the increase in 2022 was due to increased demand and service improvements. the increase in 2021 was due to higher natural gas prices and increased demand from coal-sourced electrical generation.
export coal tonnage increased in both periods compared with prior years. the increase in 2022 was a result of strong global demand and increased coal supply. the increase in 2021 was a result of strong seaborne pricing, improved global economic conditions, and greater global demand.
domestic metallurgical coal tonnage decreased in 2022 but increased in 2021 compared with the prior years. the decrease in 2022 was the result of reduced coke shipments related to customer sourcing changes and idled customer facilities. the increase in 2021 was the result of strong recovery in the steel market.
industrial coal tonnage increased in both 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior year as a result of increased demand.
compensation and benefits              $2,621                      $2,442                      $2,373                      7    %                     3    %
in 2022, expenses increased primarily as a result of higher fuel prices, other inflationary pressures, service-related costs, increased labor-related costs resulting from labor union negotiations, and higher claims expenses. in 2021, expenses declined primarily as a result of the absence of the 2020 loss on asset disposal and the equity method investment impairment charge, which is included in purchased services and rents. this was partially offset by higher fuel costs, increased other purchased services, and higher compensation and benefits expense.
compensation and benefits increased in 2022, reflecting changes in:
•employee activity levels (up $51 million),
the increase in pay rates in 2022 includes payments in excess of amounts previously estimated in 2021 and 2020 for retroactive wage increases and other benefits under our labor agreements. in 2022, compensation and benefits includes $54 million and purchased services includes $2 million of additional expenses pertaining to compensation earned in those periods.
in 2021, compensation and benefits increased, a result of changes in:
•health and welfare benefits for craft employees (down $19 million),
•employee activity levels (down $154 million), and
our employment averaged 18,900 in 2022, compared with 18,500 in 2021, and 20,200 in 2020.
purchased services and rents includes the costs of services purchased from external vendors and contractors, including the net costs of operating joint (or leased) facilities with other railroads and the net cost of equipment rentals.
the increase in purchased services in 2022 was due to inflationary pressures which resulted in higher intermodal-related expenses, and increased operational and transportation expenses, as well as higher technology-related costs. the increase in purchased services in 2021 was due to increased technology costs, higher intermodal-related expenses, and increased conrail, inc. (conrail) costs. this was partially offset by the absence of a prior year $99 million impairment related to an equity method investment.
equipment rents, which includes our cost of using equipment (mostly freight cars) owned by other railroads or private owners less the rent paid to us for the use of our equipment, increased in both periods. in 2022, the increase was the result of lower network fluidity which led to greater time-and-mileage expenses, increased automotive and k25
intermodal equipment expenses, and higher short-term locomotive resource costs. in 2021, equipment rents were higher for general-use equipment due to decreased network velocity and increased volume. these increases were partially offset by lower intermodal costs and higher equity in ttx earnings.
fuel expense, which includes the cost of locomotive fuel as well as other fuel used in railway operations, increased in both periods. the change in both years was due to higher locomotive fuel prices (up 87% in 2022 and 43% in 2021) which increased expenses by $634 million in 2022 and $224 million in 2021. locomotive fuel consumption decreased 2% in 2022, but increased 4% in 2021. we consumed 376 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2022, compared with 384 million gallons in 2021 and 368 million gallons in 2020.
claims expense includes costs related to personal injury, property damage, and environmental matters. the increase in 2022 was primarily the result of higher costs associated with unfavorable personal injury case development, increased environmental remediation expenses, and higher lading and property damage costs. the decrease in 2021 was primarily the result of lower costs associated with derailments and personal injuries.
other income - net other income - net decreased in both 2022 and 2021. other income fell in 2022 due to lower net returns on corporate-owned life insurance (coli) partially offset by a higher net pension benefit and increased interest income. the decrease in 2021 was driven by lower net returns on coli and lower gains on sales of non-operating property.
income taxes the effective income tax rate was 20.8% in 2022, compared with 22.5% in 2021 and 20.4% in 2020.  the current year benefited by $136 million due to an enacted reduction to the pennsylvania corporate income tax rate while 2021 benefited by $34 million due to various state law changes (see note 4). all years experienced favorable benefits associated with stock-based compensation, while 2021 and 2020 benefited from coli returns.
financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources cash provided by operating activities, our principal source of liquidity, was $4.2 billion in 2022, $4.3 billion in 2021, and $3.6 billion in 2020. the decrease in 2022 reflected changes in working capital, offset in part by improved operating results. the increase in 2021 was primarily the result of improved operating results. we had negative working capital of $642 million at december 31, 2022 and $354 million at december 31, 2021. cash and cash equivalents totaled $456 million and $839 million at december 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. we expect that cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. in addition, we believe our currently-available borrowing capacity, access to additional financing, and ability to reduce property additions and shareholder distributions, including share repurchases, provides us additional flexibility to meet our ongoing obligations.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2022, including those that may have material cash requirements, include interest on fixed-rate long-term debt, long-term debt (note 9), unconditional purchase obligations (note 17), long-term advances from conrail (note 6), operating leases (note 10), agreements with consolidated rail corporation (crc) (note 6), and unrecognized tax benefits (note 4).
unconditional purchase obligations               1,650                      757                     736                        80                        77
agreements with crc                                272                       42                      84                        84                        62
unrecognized tax benefits*                          22                        -                       -                         -                        22
off balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of unrecognized obligations, including unconditional purchase obligations and future interest payments on fixed-rate long-term debt, which are included in the table above.
cash used in investing activities was $1.6 billion in 2022, and $1.2 billion in both 2021 and 2020.  the increase in 2022 is due to higher property additions partially offset by increased proceeds from property sales. in 2021, lower proceeds from property sales were mostly offset by reduced coli policy loan repayments and lower property additions.
capital spending and track and equipment statistics can be found within the "railway property" section of part i of this report on form 10-k. for 2023, we expect property additions will be approximately $2.1 billion.
in november 2022, we entered into an asset purchase and sale agreement with the board of trustees of the cincinnati southern railway to purchase approximately 337 miles of railway line that extends from cincinnati, ohio to chattanooga, tennessee which we currently operate under a lease agreement. the total purchase price for the line and other associated real and personal property included in the transaction is approximately $1.6 billion. the agreement is conditioned upon (i) certain changes to ohio state law applicable to the use of the related sale proceeds, (ii) approval by the voters of the city of cincinnati, and (iii) the receipt of regulatory approval from the stb. the agreement includes various termination provisions including termination at any time prior to closing by the mutual written consent of the parties, termination at any time after december 31, 2024 by the mutual written consent of the parties, termination by us if the stb takes action that we deem unsatisfactory, and termination by either party if cincinnati voter approval is not obtained on or before the later of june 30, 2025 and the calendar date on which the polls are open for the 2025 cincinnati primary election.
cash used in financing activities was $3.0 billion in 2022, compared with $3.3 billion in 2021, and $1.9 billion in 2020. the decrease in 2022 reflects lower repurchases of common stock, and increased proceeds from borrowings, partially offset by higher dividends. in 2021, the increase reflects higher repurchases of common stock and debt repayments, partially offset by increased proceeds from borrowings.
share repurchases of $3.1 billion in 2022, $3.4 billion in 2021, and $1.4 billion in 2020 resulted in the retirement of 12.6 million, 12.7 million, and 7.4 million shares, respectively. on march 29, 2022, our board of directors authorized a new program for the repurchase of up to an additional $10.0 billion of common stock beginning april 1, 2022. our previous share repurchase program terminated on march 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2022, $7.5 billion remains authorized by our board of directors for repurchase. the timing and volume of future share repurchases will be guided by our assessment of market conditions and other pertinent factors. repurchases may be executed in the open market, through derivatives, accelerated repurchase and other negotiated transactions and through plans designed to comply with rule 10b5-1(c) and rule 10b-18 under the securities and exchange act of 1934. any near-term purchases under the program are expected to be made with internally-generated cash, cash on hand, or proceeds from borrowings.
in may 2022, we renewed our accounts receivable securitization program with a maximum borrowing capacity of $400 million. the term expires in may 2023. we had $100 million in borrowings outstanding under this program and our available borrowing capacity was $300 million at december 31, 2022 and $400 million at december 31, 2021.
we also have in place and available an $800 million credit agreement expiring in march 2025, which provides for borrowings at prevailing rates and includes covenants. we had no amounts outstanding under this facility at either december 31, 2022 or december 31, 2021, and we are in compliance with all of its covenants.
in addition, we have investments in general purpose coli policies and had the ability to borrow against these policies up to $610 million and $715 million at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively.
our debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 54.4% at december 31, 2022, compared with 50.4% at december 31, 2021. we discuss our credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization program in note 9. subsequent to december 31, 2022, we issued $500 million in fixed rate debt securities. these senior notes, issued february 2, 2023, carry an interest rate of 4.45% and mature in 2033. after this issuance, we have authority from our board of k28
directors to issue an additional $800 million of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise.
upcoming annual debt maturities are disclosed in note 9.  overall, our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  these estimates and assumptions may require judgment about matters that are inherently uncertain, and future events are likely to occur that may require us to make changes to these estimates and assumptions.  accordingly, we regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  the following critical accounting estimates are a subset of our significant accounting policies described in note 1.
pensions and other postretirement benefits accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefit plans requires us to make several estimates and assumptions (note 12).  these include the expected rate of return from investment of the plans' assets and the expected retirement age of employees as well as their projected earnings and mortality.  in addition, the amounts recorded are affected by changes in the interest rate environment because the associated liabilities are discounted to their present value.  we make these estimates based on our historical experience and other information we deem pertinent under the circumstances (for example, expectations of future stock market performance).  we utilize an independent actuarial consulting firm's studies to assist us in selecting appropriate actuarial assumptions and valuing related liabilities.
for 2022, we assumed a long-term investment rate of return of 8.0%, which was supported by our long-term total rate of return on pension plan assets since inception, as well as our expectation of future returns. a one-percentage point change to this rate of return assumption would result in a $26 million change in annual pension expense. we review assumptions related to our defined benefit plans annually, and while changes are likely to occur in assumptions concerning retirement age, projected earnings, and mortality, they are not expected to have a material effect on our net pension expense or net pension liability in the future. the net pension liability is recorded at net present value using discount rates that are based on the current interest rate environment in light of the timing of expected benefit payments.  we utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds.  we use the results of the yield curve analyses to select the discount rates that match the payment streams of the benefits in these plans. a one-percentage point change to this discount rate assumption would result in a $3 million change in annual pension expense.
properties and depreciation most of our assets are long-lived railway properties (note 7). "properties" are stated principally at cost and are depreciated using the group method whereby assets with similar characteristics, use, and expected lives are grouped together in asset classes and depreciated using a composite depreciation rate. see note 1 for a more detailed discussion of assumptions and estimates.
expenditures, including those on leased assets, that extend an asset's useful life or increase its utility are capitalized. expenditures capitalized include those that are directly related to a capital project and may include materials, labor, and other direct costs, in addition to an allocable portion of indirect costs that relate to a capital project. a significant portion of our annual capital spending relates to self-constructed assets. costs related to repairs and k29
maintenance activities that, in our judgment, do not extend an asset's useful life or increase its utility are expensed when such repairs are performed.
depreciation expense for 2022 totaled $1.2 billion.  our composite depreciation rates for 2022 are disclosed in note 7; a one-year increase (or decrease) in the estimated average useful lives of depreciable assets would have resulted in an approximate $44 million decrease (or increase) to annual depreciation expense.
to aid in valuing our personal injury liability and determining the amount to accrue with respect to such claims during the year, we utilize studies prepared by an independent actuarial consulting firm. the actuarial firm studies our historical patterns of reserving for claims and subsequent settlements, taking into account relevant outside influences. we adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. the accuracy of our estimate of the liability is subject to inherent limitation given the difficulty of predicting future events and, as such, the ultimate loss sustained may vary from the estimated liability recorded.
income taxes our net deferred tax liability totaled $7.3 billion at december 31, 2022 (note 4).  this liability is estimated based on the expected future tax consequences of items recognized in the financial statements.  after application of the federal statutory tax rate to book income, judgment is required with respect to the timing and deductibility of expenses in our income tax returns.  for state income and other taxes, judgment is also required with respect to the apportionment among the various jurisdictions. a valuation allowance is recorded if we expect that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. we have a $41 million valuation allowance on $373 million of deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2022, reflecting the expectation that substantially all of these assets will be realized.
other matters labor agreements approximately 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. pursuant to the railway labor act (rla), these agreements remain in effect until new agreements are reached, or until the bargaining procedures mandated by the rla are completed. moratorium provisions in the labor agreements govern when the railroads and unions may propose changes to the agreements. we largely bargain nationally in concert with other major railroads, represented by the national carriers' conference committee.
after management and the unions served their formal proposals in november 2019 for changes to the collective bargaining agreements, negotiations began in 2020 following the expiration of the last moratorium. on june 17, 2022, the national mediation board notified the parties that all practical methods of ending the dispute had been exhausted without effecting a settlement and that its mediation services had been terminated. shortly thereafter, president biden created presidential emergency board (peb) no. 250, effective july 18, 2022, to investigate the facts of the dispute and make recommendations. the peb issued its recommendations on august 16, 2022, and the parties engaged in further negotiations. by december 2022, agreements based on the peb's recommendations had either been ratified or enacted through legislative action for all twelve unions.
while the parties are engaged in additional discussions to conclude the implementation of the recently finalized agreements, neither party can compel mandatory bargaining around any new proposals until november 1, 2024. that said, we understand the imperative to continue improving quality of life for our craft employees and are actively engaged in voluntary discussions (which carry no risk of a work stoppage) with all of our unions on this important issue.
market risks we manage overall exposure to fluctuations in interest rates by issuing both fixed- and floating- rate debt instruments. at december 31, 2022, debt subject to interest rate fluctuations totaled $100 million. a one-percentage point increase in interest rates would increase total annual interest expense related to all variable debt by approximately $1 million. market risk for fixed-rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value resulting from a one-percentage point decrease in interest rates as of december 31, 2022 and amounts to an increase of approximately $1.3 billion to the fair value of our debt at december 31, 2022. we consider it unlikely that interest rate fluctuations applicable to these instruments will result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
inflation in preparing financial statements, gaap requires the use of historical cost that disregards the effects of inflation on the replacement cost of property.  as a capital-intensive company, we have most of our capital invested in long-lived assets.  the replacement cost of these assets, as well as the related depreciation expense, would be substantially greater than the amounts reported on the basis of historical cost.
forward-looking statements certain statements in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, as amended.  these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or our achievements or those of our industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements.  in some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "could," "would," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "intend," "believe," "estimate," "project," "consider," "predict," "potential," "feel," or other comparable terminology.  we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs, and projections.  while we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs, and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control.  these and other important factors, including those discussed in item 1a "risk factors," may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements herein are made only as of the date they were first issued, and unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
additional information investors and others should note that we routinely use the investor relations, performance metrics and sustainability sections of our website (www.norfolksouthern.com/content/nscorp/en/investor-relations.html, http://www.nscorp.com/content/nscorp/en/investor-relations/performance-metrics.html, & www.nscorp.com/content/nscorp/en/about-ns/sustainability.html) to post presentations to investors and other important information, including information that may be deemed material to investors. information about us, including information that may be deemed material, may also be announced by posts on our social media channels, including twitter (www.twitter.com/nscorp) and linkedin (www.linkedin.com/company/norfolk-southern). we may also use our website and social media channels for the purpose of complying with our disclosure obligations under regulation fd. as a result, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in norfolk southern to review the information posted on our website and social media channels. the information posted on our website and social media channels is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k.