item 1a - risk factors we are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a financial services company, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the business decisions we make. thus, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks.
our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance risk taking with revenue generation and profitability. we discuss our principal risk management oversight and processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance and other metrics in the risk management section of this report.
the following are the material risk factors that affect us of which we are currently aware. any one or more of these risk factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, these risks present other possible adverse consequences, including those described below. these risk factors and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this report. thus, the risk factors below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that we may face.
summary the following is a summary of the risk factors in this item 1a:
•our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions.
•the policies of the federal reserve and other governmental agencies and the impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy, interest rates, overall financial market performance and banking organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance and our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
•a downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets.
•we are subject to risks related to the use of technology which is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses and is dependent on having the right to use its underlying intellectual property. we could also suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of our information systems and other technology, including as a result of third-party breaches of data security either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information.
•our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, the concentration and mix of our assets, market interest rates and movements in those rates and changes in the values of financial assets.
•we operate in a highly competitive environment and our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers and talented employees and we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.
•we are subject to operational risks as a result of our dependence on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees and internal systems and on third-party vendors, service providers and other counterparties over whom we do not have direct control.
•we are subject to risks related to growing our business by acquiring other financial services business from time to time as these acquisitions present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
risks related to the economy and other external factors, including regulation our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions.
as a financial services company, our business and overall financial performance are affected to a significant extent by economic conditions, primarily in the u.s.
declining or adverse economic conditions and adverse changes in investor, consumer and business sentiment generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services or reduce the number of creditworthy borrowers. the ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns and higher inflation and unemployment. this may be further exacerbated by the expiration of pandemic-related government assistance in the u.s., which could lead to a decrease in economic activity and a deterioration in households' finances, particularly if consumers also continue to face high inflation. in addition, periods of inflation may affect certain of our costs or expenses (including increasing our cost of capital and labor), erode consumer and customer purchasing power, confidence and spending and may also reduce our tolerance for extending credit. increases in costs or expenses impacting our customers' operations and financial performance, such as the interest rates payable on their debt obligations, could increase our credit risk or decrease the demand for our products and services.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k while the u.s. economy has generally improved since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, we now operate in an uncertain economic environment as a result of the impacts of the pandemic and responsive measures to manage it, high inflation, supply chain disruptions, changes in the labor markets, volatile energy prices and geopolitical tensions (including as a result of the russia-ukraine conflict). these conditions may not abate in the near term, and their continuation could materially adversely affect our operations and financial performance. such economic conditions also have led and may continue to lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, often with at least some financial asset categories losing value. any of these effects would likely have an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, with the significance of the impact generally depending on the nature and severity of the adverse economic conditions.
even when economic conditions are relatively good or stable, specific economic factors can negatively affect our business and performance. this can be especially true when the factors relate to particular segments of the economy. for example, shifting consumer behavior with respect to retail purchases being made over the internet rather than in physical stores has negatively impacted performance by some retailers. this likely decreases demand for financial services in that sector, possibly harming the creditworthiness of some shopping mall operators, retail companies and others with whom we do business. as another example, we could experience an increase in credit losses as a result of structural and secular changes fostered by the pandemic for certain sectors of the economy. in addition, remote work has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect commercial real estate, as well as businesses whose customers have historically been office workers. affected companies have experienced and may continue to experience lower levels of business and possible declining creditworthiness.
given the geographic scope of our business and operations, we are most exposed to issues within the u.s. economy and financial markets. our foreign business activities continue to be a relatively small part of our overall business. as a result, the direct impact on our business and financial performance from economic conditions outside the u.s. is not likely to be significant, although the impact would increase if we expanded our foreign business more than nominally. we are, however, susceptible to the risk that foreign economic conditions could negatively affect our business and financial performance. primarily, this risk results from the possibility that poor economic conditions or financial market disruptions affecting other major economies would also affect the u.s.
the impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
changes in law or governmental policy affecting the economy, business activity, or personal spending, investing or saving activities may cause consumers and businesses to alter their behavior in ways that impact demand for our products and services. such changes may also alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage or result in increased regulatory burden and associated costs. pnc may alter the types or terms of the products and services we offer to reflect such changes. uncertainty regarding future law or policy may have similar impacts. in addition, the application of some laws may be uncertain, require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations. congress and the agencies that regulate us have changed and may continue to change the laws and policies that are applicable to us, including their interpretations of rules and guidelines, which has subjected and may continue to subject financial institutions like us to heightened levels of regulation and supervision and more stringent enforcement and potentially severe penalties. for example, the increased time frames and difficulty in obtaining regulatory approvals for acquisitions and other activities could affect our ability to make acquisitions or introduce new products and services. as another example, tax laws and tax rates may be subject to significant change and an increase in our effective tax rates could adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition. in addition, these changes may adversely impact our operations or financial condition as discussed in more detail in the risk factor headed "as a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. these regulations and the way they are implemented can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand."
some of the legislation responsive to the covid-19 pandemic (such as the cares act and the consolidated appropriations act that provided for certain commercial and consumer protections) altered the profitability of the transactions in which we engage, and other laws related to employee benefits increased administrative, compensation and benefits costs to us. other such laws may be enacted in response to other extraordinary events beyond pnc's control that have similar or broader effects on us and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, possibly materially, in other ways that are not now known to us.
concern regarding the ability of congress and the president collectively to reach agreement on federal budgetary matters (including the debt ceiling), or prolonged stalemates leading to total or partial governmental shutdowns, also can have adverse economic consequences and create the risk of economic instability or market volatility, with potential adverse consequences to our business and financial performance. divided control of the u.s. government may increase concern over the inability of congress and the president to reach necessary agreements and make government shutdowns or defaults in government obligations more likely.
the monetary policies of the federal reserve, including changes in the federal funds rate, open market operations and balance sheet management, have a significant impact on interest rates, the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities, and overall financial market performance and volatility. these policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of financial the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k companies such as pnc. an important function of the federal reserve is to monitor the national supply of bank credit and set certain interest rates. the actions of the federal reserve influence the rates of interest that we charge on loans and that we pay on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. rates of interest can also affect the value of our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments.
the fomc has increased its benchmark rates from a range of 0% to 0.25% from march 2020 through 2021 to 4.75% as of february 1, 2023 in an effort to reduce high rates of inflation. although we may not accurately predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results, we anticipate that the fomc will increase the federal funds rate by an additional 25 basis points in march. this would bring the federal funds rate to a range of 4.75% to 5.00% by mid-march. we expect a federal funds rate cut of 25 basis points in early 2024 as inflation moves toward the fomc's 2% long-term objective.
in addition, actions by governmental authorities in other countries, including with respect to monetary policy, could impact financial markets and global interest rates, which could affect rates in the u.s. as well as rates on instruments denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, any of which could have potential effects on us as described above.
as a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. these regulations and the way they are implemented can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand.
the pnc financial services group, inc. is a bhc and a financial holding company, with the federal reserve as its primary regulator. pnc bank is a federally chartered bank, with the occ as its primary regulator. in addition, our businesses are subject to regulation by multiple other banking, consumer protection, securities and derivatives regulatory bodies. we are also subject to the jurisdiction of criminal and civil enforcement authorities.
as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations, with multiple regulators or agencies having supervisory or enforcement oversight over aspects of our business activities. these laws, regulations and supervisory activities are intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, consumer protection and to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing and are not primarily intended to protect pnc security holders. in addition to regulation in the u.s., we are also subject to foreign regulation to a limited extent as a result of our business activities outside the u.s.
applicable laws and regulations restrict our permissible activities and investments and require compliance with provisions designed to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, and other customers, and for the protection of customer information, among other things. we also are subject to laws and regulations designed to combat money laundering, terrorist financing, and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by u.s. authorities. over time, the scope of the laws and regulations affecting our businesses, as well as the number of requirements or limitations imposed by legislative or regulatory actions, has increased, and we expect to continue to face substantial regulatory oversight and new or revised regulatory requirements or initiatives. legislative or regulatory actions can result in increased compliance costs, reduced business opportunities, or new requirements and limitations on how we conduct our business. in particular, the financial services industry continues to face heightened scrutiny, particularly with respect to bsa and aml compliance requirements and consumer compliance and protection matters. for example, under dodd-frank, the cfpb has broad authority to protect consumers from "unfair, deceptive and abusive acts or practices," the definition of which is being clarified through heightened instances of cfpb enforcement actions and proceedings.
the federal reserve requires a bhc to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. the federal reserve could require pnc to commit resources to pnc bank when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of pnc or its shareholders or creditors.
federal law grants substantial supervisory and enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. the results of routine and non-routine supervisory or examination activities by our regulators, including actual or perceived compliance failures, could result in limitations on our ability to enter into certain transactions, engage in new activities, expand geographically, make acquisitions or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith, or otherwise require us to modify our businesses practices in a manner that materially impacts our financial condition or results of operations. these activities also could result in significant fines, penalties or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive and difficult to implement. in addition, another financial institution's violation of law or regulation may give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities of pnc.
as we expand our product and service offerings into additional markets, domestic or foreign, either through organic growth or acquisition, we have faced and will continue to face increases in state or foreign regulation affecting our operations. different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance.
a failure to comply, or to have adequate policies and procedures designed to comply, with regulatory requirements and expectations exposes us to the risk of damages, fines and regulatory penalties and other regulatory or enforcement actions or consequences, such as limitations on activities otherwise permissible for us or additional requirements for engaging in new activities and could also injure our reputation with customers and others with whom we do business. we also rely on third parties who may expose us to compliance the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k risk. a failure to comply with regulatory requirements or deficiencies in risk management practices could be incorporated in our confidential supervisory ratings, which could limit pnc's ability to expand or require additional approvals before engaging in certain business activities.
see the immediately following risk factor for a discussion of risks associated with capital and liquidity regulation. also see the supervision and regulation section of this report for more information concerning the regulation of pnc, including those areas that have been receiving a high level of regulatory focus. note 20 regulatory matters also discusses some of the regulations applicable to us.
we are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
pnc and pnc bank are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the federal reserve and the occ, respectively. these regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are typically developed at an international level by the basel committee and then applied, with adjustments, in each country by the appropriate domestic regulatory bodies. domestic regulatory agencies can apply stricter capital and liquidity standards than those developed by the basel committee. in several instances, the u.s. banking agencies have done so with respect to u.s. banking organizations.
requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity, and regulatory expectations as to the quality of our capital and liquidity, impact our business activities and may prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force us to take actions contrary to their interests. for example, pnc's ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders is subject to pnc's compliance with its scb, which is determined at least annually through the federal reserve's ccar process. the federal reserve can also impose additional limitations on capital distributions, such as the limitations on distributions imposed in response to the covid-19 pandemic and the 2007-2008 financial crisis. in addition, dividends from pnc bank and, to a lesser extent, non-bank subsidiaries are pnc's principal source of funds to, among other things, pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock. many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prohibit or limit dividends to pnc. limitations on pnc's ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, including pnc bank, could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock, especially to the extent that pnc must first service any outstanding debt obligations.
capital and liquidity requirements may also impact the amount and type of loans we make. we may be constrained in our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. we may be forced to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets' underlying risks. in addition, liquidity standards require us to maintain holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term or less liquid assets, even if more desirable from an earnings, balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective.
the basel committee continues to develop policies and standards for the prudential regulation of banks. see the supervision and regulation section of this report. generally, as it is unclear whether or how these initiatives will be implemented in the u.s., we are unable to estimate what potential impact such initiatives may have on us. we expect the federal banking agencies to propose rules in 2023 to implement the capital- and liquidity-related final set of basel iii standards issued by the basel committee in december 2017.
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are subject to regular review and revision by the basel committee and the u.s. banking agencies. for example, under the 2019 tailoring rules, certain bhcs are classified as category i, category ii, category iii or category iv firms. while pnc and pnc bank currently are category iii firms, if pnc or pnc bank became a category i or ii institution, we would be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity standards, which would likely increase some of the potential adverse effects described above. future changes to the capital and liquidity rules to require pnc or pnc bank to maintain more or higher quality capital or greater liquidity would also likely increase some of the potential adverse effects described above.
the regulatory capital and liquidity frameworks, as well as certain other prudential requirements and standards that are applicable to pnc, including related proposed rules, are discussed in the supervision and regulation section of this report and the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this report.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets.
our credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of pnc and pnc bank, and factors outside of our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and increase our cost of capital and limit the number of investors or counterparties willing to do business with or lend to us. for example, downgrades could negatively impact our right to continue to service mortgages. downgrades could also adversely affect our ability to attract or retain customers, including deposits. in addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments under derivative contracts with certain counterparties. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings and outlooks. for information on our credit ratings, see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this report.
a significant portion of our transactions involve variable or adjustable interest rates that are calculated by adding a contractually defined credit spread to a base or reference rate. until recently, libor was the reference rate used for a substantial majority of our transactions involving variable or adjustable interest rates, including those in which we lend money, issue securities, or purchase and sell securities issued by others, as well as many derivative transactions that we enter into to manage our or our customers' risk. we also service variable or adjustable-rate financial instruments entered into by others that have historically commonly used libor as the reference rate. based upon guidance communicated by the federal reserve and other official sector representatives, pnc stopped entering into new usd libor contracts as of december 31, 2021, subject to certain limited exceptions. however, we maintain a sizable book of owned and serviced libor reference rate assets. for more information on our libor reference rate assets, see the market risk management portion of the risk management section of this report.
as announced by ice benchmark administration limited and the u.k. financial conduct authority, as of june 30, 2023, the current form of usd libor will no longer be available, and any alternative form of usd libor published using a new methodology for rate calculation (i.e., "synthetic libor") would not be a "representative" rate. as a result, most usd libor reference rate assets will require a replacement reference rate on or about that time. that replacement reference rate will either be implemented consistent with contractual terms or by operation of law.
currently, sofr is the alternative reference rate replacing usd libor for most types of transactions and, under recently enacted federal legislation addressing libor cessation, is the replacement reference rate to be used for certain libor contracts when libor cessation occurs, including those that do not include terms for determining a replacement reference rate. libor and sofr are based on different inputs. libor is intended to reflect the borrowing cost of certain global banks, while sofr is derived from rates on overnight u.s. treasury repurchase transactions, which are essentially overnight loans secured by u.s. treasury securities. to address differences between libor and sofr, certain industry-recommended libor contract provisions that provide a mechanism to transition to a sofr reference rate include the concept of an adjustment spread. the adjustment spread is applied when a libor-based contract moves to the sofr replacement reference rate. these recommended adjustment spreads are based on a five-year median look-back of the historical spot difference between the applicable libor tenor and the applicable sofr tenor and were fixed on march 5, 2021 as a result of announcements by ice benchmark administration (the administrator of libor) and the uk financial conduct authority (the regulatory supervisor of the iba) of the dates after which all libor settings will either cease to be provided or will no longer be representative. the same adjustment spreads will also be operational under current federal law.
changing the reference rate to sofr is highly likely to result in some value transfer between parties to instruments originally based on libor, and we have experienced some value transfer in connection with instruments that have been amended away from libor in anticipation of its cessation. that value transfer arises because no reference rate will replicate libor exactly, and, accordingly, any replacement reference rate will not behave identically to libor over time.
any value transfer could be financially adverse or beneficial to us or to the other contracting parties (such as a borrower, derivative counterparty or bond holder). impacts from a change in reference rate would likely include changes to the yield on, and value of, loans or securities held by us, amounts paid on securities we have issued, amounts received and paid on derivative instruments we have entered into and the trading market for libor-based securities. any theoretical benefit to us could result in counterparty dissatisfaction, which could impair relationships that result in loss of business or could lead to litigation (potentially as class actions). as a result, over the life of a transaction that transitions from libor to a replacement reference rate, our monetary obligations to a counterparty (or its obligations to us) and the yield we receive (or pay) from the transaction with that counterparty may change from that which would have resulted from a continuation of libor.
another set of risks associated with libor cessation relates to how the transition from libor to another rate will be implemented. for some instruments, the method of transitioning to a replacement reference rate may be challenging, especially where the contract does not provide for a transition upon libor ceasing or becoming a nonrepresentative rate, or where the relevant contractual language relating to a potential transition is ambiguous or inadequate under the circumstances.
for example, most bilateral, uncleared libor-based interest rate derivative contracts executed prior to january 25, 2021, did not include adequate contractual provisions to address libor cessation. in response, isda published a protocol pursuant to which industry participants can agree with any other industry participant that adheres to the protocol to include isda's new libor replacement provisions into legacy derivative contracts. however, the new isda replacement provisions and the replacement provisions that have been adopted for loans would result in a mismatch between the replacement reference rate included in our borrowers' legacy derivative contracts and their loans for which such derivative contracts are intended as a hedge. further, although we have adhered to the isda protocol, many "end users" of swaps (i.e., our borrowers who have hedged their interest rate payment obligations) have not adhered, and we do not expect them to adhere. for these end-user counterparties, one-on-one negotiation with each counterparty is necessary to amend legacy derivative contracts to adequately address libor ceasing or becoming a non-representative rate. if we are unable to agree to appropriate libor cessation provisions with these counterparties, the federal law addressing libor cessation will incorporate replacement provisions into these derivative contracts. however, the statutory replacement provisions may not align with replacement provisions in a loan for which the derivative contracts are intended as a hedge. as a result, addressing transition under these circumstances may be challenging, increases the risk of counterparty dissatisfaction, and, in some cases, may involve concessions on our part that have the effect of reducing the value of those instruments to us.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k we have other contracts that do contemplate the cessation or nonrepresentative status of libor, but they do so in manners that may create other risks. for example, some contracts provide for selecting replacement rates in a manner that presents significant challenges (such as by assuming that there would be a rate calculated substantially in the same manner as libor is calculated) or that gives us or another party absolute discretion to select a replacement reference rate. some provide for determination of a replacement reference rate without providing for use of an adjustment spread to account for the difference in the reference rates. in these types of cases, there will likely be uncertainty surrounding transition, in addition to all of the risks described in this risk factor.
transitioning from libor to alternative reference rates also may result in operational errors during the transition such that the replacement rate is not applied in a timely manner or is incorrectly applied. this is particularly true given the volume of contracts that will require transition, the diversity of potential approaches to transition and the possibility that the period during which the transition will need to take place may have a short duration. our failure to successfully implement the transition from libor to alternative reference rates increases the risk of regulatory scrutiny and actions by our regulators, including fines and other supervisory sanctions. it is also possible that libor quotes will become unavailable prior to the currently anticipated cessation dates. in that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and magnified. these risks may also be increased due to the shorter time for preparing for the transition.
transitioning from libor to alternative reference rates also impacts certain of our hedge accounting strategies. uncertainty about the application of asc 848 reference rate reform to pooled cash flow hedge strategies introduces accounting risk that could affect our ability to apply this accounting in the future. see note 1 accounting policies for more information about reference rate reform accounting standards impacts.
to address libor cessation and the associated risks, we have established an enterprise libor transition program. any failure of this program to appropriately assess and mitigate risk and deliver in a timely manner on operationalizing our ability to transition from libor to alternative reference rates could magnify the risks previously outlined.
privacy initiatives have imposed and will continue to impose additional operational burdens on pnc, and they may limit our ability to pursue desirable business initiatives and increase the risks associated with any future use of personal data.
recently, there has been an increase in legislative and regulatory efforts to protect the privacy of personal data, including enhanced data privacy laws regulating the use of health and biometric data. individuals whose personal information may be protected by law may include our customers, prospective customers, job applicants, employees and third parties. these initiatives, among other things, limit how companies can use personal data and impose obligations on companies in their management of such data. financial services companies such as pnc necessarily gather, maintain and use a significant amount of personal data. these types of initiatives increase compliance complexity and related costs, may result in significant financial penalties for compliance failures, and may limit our ability to develop new products or respond to technological changes. this is particularly true as we continue to expand our business into new markets. we are, or may become, subject to regularly evolving and developing data privacy and data security laws and regulations in other jurisdictions, including certain foreign jurisdictions even where our presence in such jurisdictions is minimal. such legal requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of perceived misuses of personal data by us, our vendors or others who gain unauthorized access to our personal data. other jurisdictions may adopt similar requirements that impose different and potentially inconsistent compliance burdens. the impacts will be greater to the extent requirements vary across jurisdictions.
there continues to be concern, including on the part of our regulators, regarding climate change and its impacts on virtually all aspects of life over the short-, medium- and long-term horizons. these concerns over the anticipated and unanticipated impacts of climate change (including physical risk and transition risk) have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. we and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operations disruptions and changes and the like because of climate change (including severe weather events) and governmental actions or societal responses to climate change. the impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities and their transition plans, as well as their exposure to the effects of climate change. consumers and businesses are also changing their behaviors because of these concerns. changed consumer and business behavior because of climate change concerns creates transition risk for pnc arising from the process of adjusting to these concerns, including transitioning to a low-carbon economy. pnc and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences as a result. among the impacts to pnc could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors if our products or services do not support the environmental goals of our customers, or increased losses due to the impact of climate change on the collateral that secures customer borrowings. in addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. we also have been and may continue to be subject to pressure from individuals or groups to cease doing business with certain companies or sectors because of concerns related to climate change. we are currently subject to climate-related regulatory expectations and could be subject to additional regulatory restrictions or costs associated with providing products or services to certain companies or sectors. environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business. further, there is increased scrutiny of climate change-related policies, goals and disclosures, which could result in litigation and regulatory investigations and actions. we may incur additional costs and require additional resources as we evolve our strategy, practices and related disclosures with respect to these matters.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k the risk factor headed "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation" further discusses risks associated with our management of environmental, social and governance matters, including related activist pressure. our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior, including those resulting from activist pressure. our risk management may not be effective in identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling climate risk exposure, particularly given that the timing, nature and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable.
risks related to the use of technology the use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses.
as a large financial services company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions. as a result, we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, monitor and report on our transactions and those of our customers. over time, we have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs as well as higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. in many cases, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. as a result of these factors, the financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. examples include expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, virtual and augmented reality, biometric authentication, voice and natural language, data protection enhancements and increased online and mobile device interaction with customers, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts. the emergence of many of these technologies was accelerated as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the shift to increased digital activity. we expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future.
in response to actual and anticipated customer behavior and expectations, as well as competitive pressures, we have been investing in technology and connectivity. we are seeking to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions and otherwise enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. this effort has involved the expenditure of considerable amounts of funds and other resources. a failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations, because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, or because we fail to keep pace with our competitors, would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. our ability to maintain or enhance our relative technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields, which, due to overall demand, is increasingly difficult.
our use of technology is dependent on having the right to use its underlying intellectual property.
in some cases, we develop internally the intellectual property embedded in the technology we use. in others, we or our vendors license the use of intellectual property from others. regardless of the source of the intellectual property, if another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed by our activities, we could be responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these types of activities. it also is possible that we could be prevented from using technology important to our business for at least some period of time. in such circumstances, there may be no alternative technology for us to use or an appropriate alternative technology might be expensive to obtain. protections offered by those from whom we license technology against these risks may be inadequate to cover any losses in full. over time, there have been and continue to be instances where technology used by pnc and other financial institutions has been alleged to have infringed patents held by others, and, in some cases, we, as well as other financial institutions, have suffered related losses.
the need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of our information systems and other technology has become more important and more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. our ability to create, obtain, maintain and report on information in an accurate, timely and secure manner is a foundational component of our business. effective management of our expanded remote work environment heightens our need for secure, reliable and adequate information systems and technology. the risks of operational failures in the use of these systems result from a variety of factors. we are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended. failures leading to materially adverse impacts could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall security, design or performance issues. in addition, our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to electrical or telecommunications outages, bad weather, disasters, bad actors, terrorism and the like. such events could affect our systems directly or limit our ability to use our technology due to effects on key underlying infrastructure. in some cases, the risk results from the potential for bad acts on the part of others, discussed in more detail in the risk factor headed "we are vulnerable to the risk of third-party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information."
we also rely on information systems maintained by other companies. we use other companies both to provide products and services directly to us and to assist us in providing products and services to our customers. others provide the infrastructure that supports, for example, communications, payment, clearing and settlement systems, or information processing and storage. these companies range from those providing highly sophisticated information processing to those that provide fundamental services, such as electric power and telecommunications. in some cases, these other companies themselves utilize third parties to support their delivery of products and services to us and our customers. systems maintained by or for these other companies are generally subject to many of the same risks the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k we face with respect to our systems and thus their issues could have a negative impact on pnc. we necessarily have less ability to provide oversight over other companies' information systems.
a number of our customers choose to use financial applications that allow them to view banking and other financial account information, often held at different financial institutions, on a single platform, to monitor the performance of their investments, to compare financial and investment products, to make payments or transfer funds, and otherwise to help manage their finances and investments. financial applications often ask users to provide their secure banking log-in information and credentials (such as usernames and passwords) so the applications can link to users' accounts at financial institutions. companies offering these applications frequently use third-party data aggregators, which are behind-the-scenes technology companies that serve as data-gathering service providers, to deliver customer financial data that is then used by the financial applications. to do this, data aggregators are provided with customers' log-in information and credentials, which allow the aggregators to access the customers' online accounts and "scrape" the customers' data, often on a daily or even more frequent basis. that same information has the potential to facilitate fraud if it is not properly protected. this has resulted in incidences of fraud, including automated clearing house fraud, credit card fraud, and wire fraud, enabled through the use of synthetic identities and through account takeovers via these platforms. in some cases, cybercriminals appear to be using such data aggregators and integrators to facilitate account takeovers and fraudulent wires. pnc has and may continue to face increased financial exposure due to fraudulent activity associated with the increased use of these applications and data aggregators. in addition, transactions by customers on financial applications that facilitate payments and fund transfers have also been fraudulently induced. these transactions occur when a customer authorizes payment to a recipient that fraudulently induced the customer into transferring a payment to such recipient. even where pnc does not have responsibility for fraud losses associated with any of these applications and data aggregators, pnc could suffer increased reputational harm when such losses occur.
although we regularly update and replace systems that we depend on as our needs evolve and technology improves, we continue to utilize some older systems that may not be as reliable as newer ones. in addition, the implementation of and transition to new or updated systems creates risks related to associated timing and costs, disruptions in functionality for customers and longer-term failures to achieve desired improvements.
the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of any of our information or communications systems, or the systems of other companies on which we rely, could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. this risk is greater if the issue is widespread, extends for a significant period of time, or results in financial losses to our customers. the consequences of failures to operate systems properly can result in disruptions to our critical business operations, including our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems. such events could also cause errors in transactions or impair system functionality with customers, vendors or other parties. possible adverse consequences also include damage to our reputation or a loss of customer business, which could occur even if the negative impact on customers was de minimis. we also could face litigation or additional regulatory scrutiny. this in turn could lead to liability or other sanctions, including fines and penalties or reimbursement of adversely affected customers. even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, information systems issues at other financial institutions could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions, including us. also, system problems, including those resulting from third-party attacks, whether at pnc or at our competitors, may broadly increase legislative, regulatory and customer concerns regarding the functioning, safety and security of such systems. in that case, we would expect to incur even higher levels of costs with respect to prevention and mitigation of these risks.
we are vulnerable to the risk of third-party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information.
we are faced with ongoing, nearly continual, efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. some of these involve efforts to enter our systems directly by going through or around our security protections. others involve the use of social engineering schemes to gain access to confidential information from our employees, customers or vendors. our risk and exposure to data security breaches is heightened because of our increased remote work environment, which results in more access points to our network. most corporate and commercial transactions are now handled electronically, and our retail customers increasingly use online access as well as mobile and cloud technologies to bank with us. the ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the transmission and storage of confidential information in electronic form. as a result, efforts by bad actors to engage in various types of cyber attacks pose serious risks to our business and reputation. the same risks are presented by attacks potentially affecting information held by third parties on our behalf or accessed by third parties, including those offering financial applications, on behalf of our customers. these risks also arise to the extent that third parties with whom we do business are subject themselves to breaches and attacks, which may impact our systems.
in the ordinary course of business, we maintain and process vast amounts of information about us, our customers and our employees. this information tends to be confidential or proprietary and much of it is highly sensitive. such highly sensitive information includes information sufficient to support identity theft and personal health information, as well as information regarding business plans and financial performance that has not been made public. one way in which bad actors attempt to harm us is by seeking access to some of this confidential or proprietary information, often with the intent of stealing from or defrauding us or our customers. in other cases, they seek to disrupt our ability to conduct our business, including by destroying or impairing our access to information maintained by us.
our customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smartphones and tablets, to do business with us and may provide their pnc customer information (including passwords) to a third party in connection with obtaining services from that third party, including those offering financial applications. although we take steps to provide safety and security for our customers' transactions with us and the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k their customer information, to the extent they utilize their own devices or provide third parties access to their accounts, our ability to assure such safety and security is necessarily limited. these risks are heightened as we and others continue to expand mobile applications, cloud solutions, and other internet-based financial product offerings.
as our customers regularly use pnc-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions with retailers and other businesses, there is also the risk of data security breaches at those other businesses covering pnc account information. when our customers use pnc-issued cards to make purchases from those businesses, card account information often is provided to such businesses. if a business's systems that process or store card account information are subject to a data security breach, holders of our cards who have made purchases from that business may experience fraud on their card accounts. we can be responsible for reimbursing our customers for such fraudulent transactions on customers' card accounts, as well as for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. in addition, we provide card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as visa and mastercard. under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a data security breach. moreover, to the extent more consumer confidential information becomes available to bad actors through the cumulative effect of data breaches at companies generally, bad actors may find it easier to use such information to gain access to our customer accounts.
other cyber attacks are not focused on gaining access to credit card or user credential information, but instead seek access to a range of other types of confidential information, such as internal emails and other forms of customer financial information, and may use this information to support a ransomware attack. ransomware attacks have sought to deny access to data and possibly shut down systems and devices maintained by target companies. in a ransomware attack, system data is encrypted or access is otherwise denied, accompanied by a demand for ransom to restore access to the data or to prevent public disclosure of confidential information.
a number of companies have fallen victim to business email compromise scams in recent years. business email compromise scams involve using social engineering to cause employees to wire funds to the perpetrators in the mistaken belief that the requests were made by a company executive or established vendor. attacks on our customers may put these relationships at risk, particularly if customers' ability to continue operations is impaired due to the losses suffered.
other attacks in recent years have included distributed denial of service cyber attacks, in which individuals or organizations flood commercial websites with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic with the goal of disrupting the ability of commercial enterprises to process transactions and possibly making their websites unavailable to customers for extended periods of time. we (as well as other financial services companies) have been subject to such attacks. recent cyber attacks have also included the insertion of malware into software updates and the infection of software while it is under assembly, known as a "supply chain attack."
the techniques used in cyber attacks change rapidly and frequently and are increasingly sophisticated, and we may not be able to anticipate cyber attacks or data security breaches.
in addition to threats from external sources, insider threats represent a significant risk to us. insiders, including those having legitimate access to our systems and the information contained in them, have the easiest opportunity to make inappropriate use of the systems and information. addressing that risk requires understanding not only how to protect us from unauthorized use and disclosure of data, but also how to engage behavioral analytics and other tools to identify potential internal threats before any damage is done. in addition, due to the increase in the number of employees who work remotely, the opportunity for insiders to grant access to third parties or to disclose confidential information of pnc or its customers has increased. as more work is conducted outside of pnc's facilities, the risk of improper access to pnc's network or confidential information has increased, including for reasons such as a failure by an employee or contractor to secure a device with pnc access.
we are and have been the target of some of these types of cyber attacks. to date, none of these types of cyber attacks has had a material impact on us. nonetheless, we cannot entirely block efforts by bad actors to harm us, and there can be no assurance that future cyber attacks will not be material. while we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. as a result, we could suffer material financial and reputational losses in the future from any of these or other types of attacks or the public perception that such an attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct. attacks on others, some of which have led to serious adverse consequences, demonstrate the risks posed by new and evolving types of cyber attacks. our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is even more limited with respect to information held by third parties. we may suffer reputational damage or legal liability for unauthorized access to customer information held by third parties, even if we were in fact not responsible for preventing such access and had no reasonable way of preventing it.
we need effective programs to limit the risk of failures or breaches occurring in our information systems and to mitigate the impact when they do.
we have policies, procedures and systems (including cybersecurity and business continuity programs) designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems. in recent years, we have devoted significant resources toward improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. we design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology or suppliers. we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, procedures and systems to protect us in any future situation, nor the effectiveness of our oversight of risk at third parties. although we have policies, procedures and systems designed to mitigate third-party risk, our ability to implement policies, procedures and systems designed to prevent or the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems with respect to third-party systems and the financial services industry infrastructure is necessarily limited. should an adverse event affecting another company's systems occur, we may not have financial protection from the other company sufficient to compensate us or otherwise protect us from the consequences.
methods used by others to attack information systems change frequently (with generally increasing sophistication). a new method of attack often is not recognized until launched against a target. attacks in some cases appear to be supported by foreign governments or other well-financed entities and often originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world. as a result, we may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures to address these methods in advance of attacks.
even with our proactive and defensive measures in place, adverse events are likely to occur, and there remains the risk that one or more such events would be material to pnc. our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs, with novel or unusual events posing a greater risk. it is also the case that an adverse event may go undetected for a period of time, with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the problem. in many cases, it also depends on the preparedness and responses of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal. additionally, our failure to communicate cyber incidents appropriately to relevant parties could result in regulatory, legal, operational and reputational risk.
risks related to the business of banking our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties.
credit risk is inherent in the financial services business. it results from, among other things, extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. credit risk is one of our most significant risks, particularly given the high percentage of our assets represented directly or indirectly by loans and securities and the importance of lending activity to our overall business. we manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio, by obtaining and monitoring collateral for certain exposures and by investing primarily in high quality securities.
a borrower's ability to repay a loan can be adversely affected by many factors. individual borrowers can be affected, for example, by declines in income, job losses, health issues or family issues. commercial borrowers can be affected, for example, by poor business performance, changes in customer behavior or catastrophic losses. weakness in the economy or in financial markets would typically adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans. we are exposed to increased credit risk if we fail to evaluate properly at origination the likely ability of a borrower to repay a loan. properly estimating the current and potential value of any collateral pledged to support the loan also is critical to effectively managing credit risk. a failure to identify declining creditworthiness of a borrower or declining collateral value at a time when remedial actions could reduce our exposure also increases credit risk. any decrease in our borrowers' ability to repay loans likely would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. managing credit risk effectively also relies on forecasts of future overall economic conditions, which are inherently imperfect.
in addition to credit risk associated with our lending activities, we have credit risk arising from many other types of business relationships. routine transactions give us credit exposure to brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, other institutional clients, as well as vendors and other non-financial entities.
our credit risk may be exacerbated when the value of collateral held by us to secure obligations to us cannot be realized, including because of legal or regulatory changes, or is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. in addition, credit risk may be exacerbated when counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons.
we reserve for credit losses on our loan and lease portfolio through our acl estimated under cecl. under cecl, the acl reflects expected lifetime losses, which has led and could continue to lead to volatility in the allowance and the provision for credit losses as economic forecasts, actual credit performance and other factors used in the loss estimating process change. we also have reserves for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. changes to expected losses are reflected in net income through provision for credit losses. a worsening of economic conditions or our economic outlook or an increase in credit risk, particularly following a period of good economic conditions, would likely lead to an increase in provision for credit losses with a resulting reduction in our net income and an increase to our allowance. conversely, an improvement of economic conditions or our economic outlook, particularly following a period of poor economic conditions, could result in a recapture of provision for credit losses for a period of time with a resulting increase in our net income and decrease in our allowance that is not likely to be sustained and that may obscure actual current operations and financial performance.
the concentration and mix of our assets could increase the potential for significant credit losses.
in the ordinary course of business, we often have heightened credit exposure to a particular industry, geography, asset class or financial market. as an example, loans secured by commercial and residential real estate typically represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. they also represent a portion of the assets underlying our investment securities. although there are limitations on the extent of total exposure to an individual consumer or business borrower, events adversely affecting specific the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k customers or counterparties, industries, geographies, asset classes or financial markets, including a decline in their creditworthiness or a worsening overall risk profile, could materially and adversely affect us. for example, any downturn in the condition of the u.s. housing market could result in significant write-downs of asset values tied to residential real estate. declining economic conditions also may impact commercial borrowers more than consumer borrowers, or vice versa. in addition, we execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industries. financial services institutions are interrelated because of trading, funding, clearing or other relationships. as a result, uncertainty about the stability of other financial services institutions could lead to market-wide losses and defaults. thus, the concentration and mix of our assets may affect the severity of the impact of recessions or other economic downturns on us.
as a result of the high percentage of our assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve, or in spreads between different market interest rates can have a material effect on our business, our profitability and the value of our financial assets and liabilities. for example:
•changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets such as loans and investment securities and the interest that we pay on liabilities such as deposits and borrowings, which impacts our overall net interest income and margin as well as our profitability.
•such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments and can, in turn, increase our credit losses on those assets.
•such changes can decrease the demand for interest rate-based products and services, including loans and deposit accounts.
•movements in interest rates also affect loan prepayment speeds and could result in impairments of mortgage servicing assets or otherwise affect the profitability of such assets.
the rates on some interest-bearing instruments adjust promptly in accordance with changes in market rates, while others adjust only periodically or are fixed throughout a defined term. as a result, the impact of changes in interest rates can be either increased or diluted due to differences in the relative variability of the rates paid on our liabilities in relation to the rates received on our assets. the extent to which we have elected to hedge interest rate risk through interest rate swaps also affects the impact of rate changes. we attempt to manage the balance sheet to increase our benefit or reduce negative impacts from future movements in interest rates, but failures to anticipate actual movements may have the opposite result. in addition, we do not generally hedge all of our risk and the fact that we attempt to hedge any risk does not mean we will be successful.
while higher interest rates generally enhance our ability to grow our net interest income, there are risks associated with a rising interest rate environment. as a general matter, increasing rates tend to decrease the value of fixed-rate financial instruments held on our balance sheet, as discussed in the risk factor headed "our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets." also, customers may be less willing or able overall to borrow at higher rates. higher interest rates may indirectly affect the value of asset classes such as real estate typically financed through secured loans, with a resulting negative effect on collateral securing such loans. as another example, there may be increased competitive pressures as rates on deposit products rise. the benefits of higher interest rates are best achieved if we can increase the rates on loans and other assets faster than the rates on deposits and other liabilities increase. we may not be able to achieve this result in a rising rate environment.
on the other hand, lower interest rates tend to have a negative impact on our net interest margin, and, unless offset by higher earning assets, on our net interest income. moreover, a negative interest rate environment, in which interest rates drop below zero either broadly or for some types of instruments, could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income due to a likely decline in the interest we could earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay to maintain our deposits with the federal reserve bank. in addition, our systems may not be able to handle adequately a negative interest rate environment and not all variable rate instruments are designed for such a circumstance.
as a financial institution, a substantial majority of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature. examples include loans, securities, servicing rights, deposits and borrowings. such assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value, often significantly, due to movements in the financial markets or market volatility as well as developments specific to the asset or liability in question. the underlying value of assets under lease or securing an obligation generally decreases due to increases in supply or decreases in demand for the asset or deterioration in the condition of the asset. this could negatively impact the ability to collect fully on the secured obligation. credit-based assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value due to changes in the perceived creditworthiness of borrowers or other counterparties and due to changes in market interest rates.
in many cases, we mark our assets and liabilities to market and recognize such changes either through net income or oci. thus, gains or losses on these assets and liabilities can have a direct impact on our results of operations and financial performance, unless we have the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k effectively hedged our exposures. we may need to record losses in the value of financial assets even where our expectation of realizing the face value of the underlying instrument has not changed. our remaining assets and liabilities are not marked to market. as a result, our balance sheet does not precisely represent the fair market value of our financial assets and liabilities.
in addition, asset management revenue is earned primarily based on a percentage of the value of the assets being managed and thus is impacted by general changes in market valuations. thus, although we are not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related noninterest income.
risks related to estimates and assumptions our asset and liability valuations and the determination of the amount of loss allowances and impairments taken on our assets are highly subjective. our estimates could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.
our accounting policies are key to how we report our financial condition and results of operations. we must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these policies and methods to comply with gaap and reflect management's judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report pnc's financial condition and results of operations. management's selection of a particular accounting policy to apply, while reasonable and appropriate, could result in pnc reporting different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. in addition, the financial accounting standards board, sec and other regulatory agencies may issue new or amend existing accounting and reporting standards or change existing interpretations of those standards that could materially affect our financial statements. in some cases, pnc may be required to retrospectively apply a new or amended standard resulting in changes to previously reported financial results.
certain accounting policies require that we use estimates, assumptions and judgments in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to legal proceedings and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. these policies require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. for example, cecl requires us to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about economic and market conditions in determining the acl.
some of our financial instruments, including certain derivatives, debt securities, loans, msrs and private equity investments, among other items, require a determination of their fair value for our financial statements. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. changes in underlying factors or assumptions in any of the areas underlying our estimates could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations. during periods of market disruption, it would be difficult to value certain assets if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be certain asset classes that were historically traded in active markets with significant observable data that rapidly become illiquid due to market volatility, a loss in market confidence or other factors. in addition, we have assets and liabilities carried at fair value that are estimated using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. the valuation of any asset or liability substantially based on unobservable inputs is necessarily less reliable than those based on active trading markets. further, rapidly changing and unprecedented market conditions could materially impact the valuation of assets as reported within our consolidated financial statements. our ability to hedge exposure is in part dependent on our ability to value the related assets or liabilities.
the determination of the amount of loss allowances and asset impairments varies by asset type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. although we have policies and procedures in place to determine loss allowance and asset impairments, due to the subjective nature of this area, the level of impairments taken, and allowances reflected in our financial statements may not accurately reflect the actual level of risk and the amount of future losses.
we rely on models to measure risks and to estimate many financial values. we use models throughout many areas of our business, relying on them to inform decision making. examples of areas where we use models include determining the pricing of various products, identifying potentially fraudulent transactions, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, and assessing capital adequacy. we depend significantly on models for credit loss accounting under cecl, capital stress testing and estimating the value of items in our financial statements.
models generally predict or infer certain financial outcomes, leveraging historical data and assumptions as to the future, often with respect to macroeconomic conditions. development and implementation of some of these models, such as the models for credit loss accounting under cecl, require us to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments. poorly designed or implemented models, including in the choice of relevant historical data or forward-looking assumptions, present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating model output will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. for example, our models may not be effective if historical data does not accurately represent future events or environments or if our models rely on erroneous data, formulas, algorithms or assumptions and our internal model review processes fail to detect and address these flaws.
models, if flawed, could cause information we provide to the public or to our regulators to be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distribution to our shareholders, would likely be affected adversely if they perceive that the quality of the relevant models we use is insufficient. finally, flaws in our models that negatively the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k impact our customers or our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations could negatively affect our reputation or result in fines and penalties from our regulators.
risks related to our need for customers our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services.
our performance is subject to risks associated with declines in customer demand for our products and services. as a result of the nature of those products and services, we are particularly at risk for losses of economic confidence or customer trust in us.
economic and market developments may affect consumer and business confidence levels. if customers lose confidence due to concerns regarding the economy, the demand for our products and services could suffer. if we fail to attract and retain customers, demand for our loans and other financial products and services could decrease, and we could experience adverse changes in payment patterns. we could lose interest income from a decline in credit usage and noninterest income from a decline in product sales, investments and other transactions.
our ability to attract and retain customer deposits is impacted by the levels of interest rates, as customers balance the benefits of bank accounts such as deposit insurance and some of the convenience associated with more traditional banking products against the possibility of higher yields from other investments. in general, if the spread between the rates we offer and those offered by alternatives to bank accounts widens, customers are often willing to forego the benefits of bank accounts (such as fdic insurance) for higher returns elsewhere. our customers could remove money from checking, savings or other types of deposit accounts with us in favor of other banks or other types of cash management products. in such circumstances, we would need either to increase rates to levels that are seen as competitive or lose customers, in either case with a negative impact to net interest income. in addition, deposits are a low-cost source of funds for us. therefore, losing deposits could increase our funding costs and reduce our net interest income. loss of customers could also harm noninterest income by decreasing fee-bearing transaction volume. in addition, when rates are higher, customers tend to shift deposits from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing ones, thereby negatively impacting net interest income.
our customers increasingly use third-party financial applications that are expected to interface with their pnc accounts. this use leads to the risk that issues with respect to the effective functioning of that interface, regardless of cause, could result in a loss of customers as they seek banking relationships that work better with these other applications.
news or other publicity that harms our reputation, or harms the reputation of our industry generally, also could cause a loss of customers or a reduction in the extent to which customers do business with us. this is described further in the risk factor headed "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation."
in our asset management business, investment performance is an important factor influencing the level of assets that we manage. poor investment advice or performance could hurt revenue and growth as existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products. additionally, the ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish. overall economic conditions may limit the amount that customers are able or willing to invest as well as the value of the assets they do invest. the failure or negative performance of products of other financial institutions could lead to a loss of confidence in similar products offered by us without regard to the performance of our products. such a negative contagion could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products and have an adverse impact on our assets under management and asset management revenues and earnings.
our ability to compete effectively, to attract and retain customers and employees, and to grow our business is dependent on maintaining our reputation and having the trust of our customers, employees, the communities that we serve and other stakeholders. many types of developments, if publicized, can negatively impact a company's reputation with adverse consequences to its business.
financial services companies are highly vulnerable to reputational damage when they are found to have harmed customers, particularly retail customers, through conduct that is seen as illegal, unfair, deceptive, abusive, manipulative or otherwise wrongful. there also may be reputational damage from human error or systems failures viewed as having harmed customers without involving misconduct, including service disruptions or negative perceptions regarding our ability to maintain the security of our technology systems and protect client data. for example, we may suffer reputational harm to the extent that we are unable to successfully detect, prevent and remedy fraud that harms our clients. our reputation may also be harmed by failing to deliver products and services of the quality expected by our customers and support the communities that we serve. in addition, our reputation may be harmed as a result of our participation in certain programs, such as the ppp and the processing of unemployment benefits during the covid-19 pandemic, that has exposed and may continue to expose us to increased scrutiny and criticism. the reputational impact is likely greater to the extent that the bad conduct, errors or failures are pervasive, long-standing or affect a significant number of customers, particularly retail consumers. the negative impact of such reputational damage on our business may be disproportionate to the actual harm caused to customers. it may be severe even if we fully remediate any harm suffered by our customers. furthermore, because we conduct most of our businesses under the "pnc" brand, negative public opinion about one business could also affect our other businesses. in addition, we could suffer reputational harm and a loss of customer trust as a result of the conduct of others in our industry even if we have not engaged in such conduct. we use third parties to help in many aspects of our business, with the risk that their conduct can affect our reputation regardless of the degree to which we are responsible for it.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k to an increasing extent, financial services companies, including pnc, are facing criticism with accompanying reputational risk from social and environmental activists, and from investors and other stakeholders who believe companies should be focusing more or less on environmental, social and governance matters. companies in our industry, including pnc, are targeted for engaging in business with specific customers or with customers in particular industries, where the customers' activities, even if legal, are perceived as having harmful impacts on matters such as the environment, consumer health and safety, or society at large. in addition, activists, investors and other stakeholders of companies in our industry, including pnc, are seeking increased transparency and action with respect to environmental, social and governance activities, political activities and activities that are or may be perceived to be politically partisan in nature. criticism has come in many forms, including protests at pnc facilities and social media campaigns. pnc and many other financial services companies have in recent years been criticized for financing companies engaged in, for example, extraction and distribution of fossil fuels, manufacture of nuclear and other weapons (including personal firearms), private prisons and border control activities. in contrast, state laws affecting our industry have been proposed and, in some cases, enacted reflecting opposite approaches. for example, to conduct most business with a municipality in texas, pnc must certify, among other things, that it does not discriminate against the firearms industry or the fossil fuel industry. many of these issues are divisive without broad agreement as to the appropriate steps a company such as pnc should take. as a result, however we respond to such criticism, we expose ourselves to the risks that current or potential customers decline to do business with us or current or potential employees refuse to work for us. this can be true regardless of whether we are perceived by some as not having done enough to address these concerns or by others as having inappropriately yielded to these pressures. these pressures can also be a factor in decisions as to which business opportunities and customers we pursue, potentially resulting in foregone profit opportunities.
the speed with which information moves through social media and other news sources on the internet means that negative information about pnc can rapidly have a broadly adverse impact on our reputation. this is true whether or not the information is accurate. false information can also be spread from unaffiliated or parody social media accounts pretending to be official company communications channels. once information has gone viral, it can be difficult to counter it effectively, either by correcting inaccuracies or communicating remedial steps taken for actual issues. the potential impact of negative information going viral means that material reputational harm can result from a single discrete or isolated incident.
we are also subject to the risk of reputational harm resulting from conduct of persons identified as our employees but acting outside of the scope of their employment, including through their misconduct, unethical behavior, or activities on personal social media.
we operate in a highly competitive environment in terms of the products and services we offer and the geographic markets in which we conduct business.
we are subject to intense competition both from other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including financial technology companies (often referred to as "fintech"). in many cases, non-bank entities can engage in many activities similar to ours or offer products and services desirable to our customers without being subject to the same types of regulation, supervision and restrictions that are applicable to banks, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. emerging financial technologies, including with respect to payment services and systems, lending, digital wallets, non-fungible tokens and digital currencies and cryptocurrencies, may affect our customers' needs and expectations for products and services. we may fail to attract or retain customers if we are unable to develop and market products and services that meet evolving customer needs or demands or if we are unable to deliver them effectively and securely to our customers. we may also fail to attract or retain customers if we are unwilling to provide products or services that we deem to be speculative or risky. the competition we face is described in item 1 of this report under "competition."
consolidation in our industry, including among smaller banks combining to form more competitive larger ones and between banks and non-bank entities, could result in pnc facing more intense competition, particularly in impacted regions or with respect to particular products. as we expand into new markets, we may face competitors with more experience and established relationships in these markets, which could adversely affect our ability to compete.
a failure to adequately address the competitive pressures we face could make it harder for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses. on the other hand, meeting these competitive pressures could require us to incur significant additional expense or to accept risk beyond what we would otherwise view as desirable under the circumstances. in addition, in our interest rate sensitive businesses, competitive pressures to increase rates on deposits or decrease rates on loans could reduce our net interest margin, negatively impacting our net interest income.
we depend on skilled labor, and employee attrition, competition for talented employees and labor shortages may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees. we face significant competition for these employees across many of our businesses and support areas. this presents greater risk as we expand into new markets, develop new product lines, or enhance staffing in certain areas, particularly technology. this competition leads to increased expenses in affected business areas. in addition, changes to the labor market as a result of the covid-19 pandemic (including elevated employee attrition, labor availability and wage inflation) have exacerbated and may continue to exacerbate the challenges of attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees. differences in demands, expectations and priorities of the workforce (such as remote work expectations) may require us to modify our recruiting and retention strategies to attract and retain employees. limitations on the way regulated financial institutions can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing requirements of dodd-frank, may make it more difficult for regulated financial institutions, including pnc, to compete with unregulated companies for talent.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k risks related to other operational issues we depend on the effectiveness and integrity of employees, and the systems and controls for which they are responsible, to manage operational risks.
we are a large company that offers a wide variety of products and services to a broad and diverse group of customers. we rely on our employees to design, manage and operate our systems and controls to assure that we properly enter into, record and manage processes, transactions and other relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties with whom we do business. in some cases, we rely on employees of third parties to perform these tasks. we also depend on employees and the systems and controls for which they are responsible to assure that we identify and mitigate the risks that are inherent in our relationships and activities. these concerns are increased when we change processes or procedures, introduce new products or services, acquire or invest in a business or implement new technologies, as we may fail to adequately identify or manage operational risks resulting from such changes. these concerns may be further exacerbated by employee turnover and labor shortages.
as a result of our necessary reliance on employees, whether ours or those of third parties, to perform these tasks and manage resulting risks, we are thus subject to human vulnerabilities. these range from innocent human error to misconduct or malfeasance, potentially leading to operational breakdowns or other failures. our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation and monitoring of automated systems. we may also fail to adequately develop a culture of risk management among our employees.
errors by our employees or others responsible for systems and controls on which we depend and any resulting failures of those systems and controls to prevent unethical, fraudulent, improper or illegal conduct could result in significant harm to pnc. this harm could include customer remediation costs, regulatory fines or penalties, litigation or enforcement actions or limitations on our business activities. we could also suffer damage to our reputation, as described under "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation."
we use automation, machine learning, artificial intelligence and robotic process automation tools to help reduce some risks of human error. nonetheless, we continue to rely on many manual processes to conduct our business and manage our risks. in addition, use of automation tools does not eliminate the need for effective design and monitoring of their operation to make sure they operate as intended. enhanced use of automation may present its own risks. automated systems may themselves experience outages or problems. some tools are dependent on the quality of the data used by the tool to learn and enhance the process for which it is responsible. not only bad or missing data but also anomalous data can adversely affect the functioning of such tools. it is possible that humans in some cases are better able than highly automated tools to identify that anomalous data is being used or that results are themselves anomalous.
we rely on third-party vendors, service providers and other counterparties to help support many aspects of our business. when we do so, our direct control of activities related to our business is reduced, which could introduce risk.
our use of third parties to support our business needs typically means that we do not directly control the activities we are having them perform. any disruption in services provided by these third parties could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. replacing third parties could also entail significant delay and expense. risks can arise through inadequate performance by a third party (including by its downstream service providers), specifically where that performance could affect us or our customers, and even when the result of factors or events are beyond such third party's control. many of the kinds of risks presented by activities performed by third parties are described elsewhere in these risk factors. for example, we use outside companies to assist us in processing some confidential customer or employee information. in such a case, a cyber attack on such a company may result in access to our customers' or employees' information. we are also vulnerable, including to regulatory penalties, if an outside company fails to comply with legal requirements relevant to its work on our behalf. we may in any such circumstance suffer financial losses, legal consequences and injury to our reputation. even if the other company makes us whole for financial losses, which is not necessarily the case, it is unlikely that it would be able to restore any injury to our reputation. as a result, the use of third parties to assist in our business activities heightens the risks to us inherent in those activities.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of legal liability. we have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities. in addition, we are regularly the subject of governmental investigations and other forms of regulatory inquiry. we also are at risk when we have agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings they face, such as in connection with the sale of a business or assets by us. the results of these legal proceedings could lead to significant monetary damages or penalties, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business or reputational harm.
although we establish accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, we do not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss. in addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued often do not represent the ultimate loss to us from the legal proceedings in question. thus, our ultimate future losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies. we discuss further the unpredictability of legal proceedings and describe certain of our pending legal proceedings in note 21 legal proceedings.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k we grow our business in part by acquiring other financial services businesses from time to time. sometimes these are businesses with technologies or other assets valuable to us even if they do not themselves provide financial services to customers. these acquisitions present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
acquisitions of other companies or of financial assets and deposits and other liabilities present risks and uncertainties to us in addition to those presented by the nature of the business acquired. many of the same risks arise when we engage in strategic partnerships.
specific factors that can affect the ultimate results from acquisitions include, depending on the nature of the business acquired, the following:
•diligence risk: our ability to analyze the risks presented by prospective acquisitions, as well as our ability to prepare in advance of closing for integration, depends, in part, on the information we can gather with respect to the business we are acquiring. we may not have access to all of the information that would be desirable. our pre-acquisition review of the business also impacts our ability to prepare for and execute on the integration of an acquired business.
•accuracy of assumptions: we make certain assumptions related to an acquisition that may prove to be inaccurate. anticipated benefits (such as cost savings from synergies or strategic gains from being able to offer enhanced product sets) may take longer or require greater resources to achieve or may not be achieved in their entirety. acquisitions also may be substantially more expensive or take longer to complete than anticipated. we may also incur unanticipated costs in connection with the integration of an acquired business.
•regulatory approval: completing attractive acquisition opportunities generally requires various governmental and regulatory approvals and consents prior to closing. these authorities have broad discretion, and regulatory approvals could be delayed, restrictively conditioned or denied, including due to regulatory issues we (or the target company) have, or may have, under any of the numerous governmental regulations to which we (or it) are subject. moreover, as a condition to approval, governmental authorities may impose requirements, require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the business of the combined company, which could limit the benefits of the acquisition or result in delay or the failure to close the acquisition. significant acquisitions by large banks also often attract public scrutiny, which may result in negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation. our ability to make large acquisitions may be limited by the regulatory agencies responsible for reviewing or approving the transaction, changes in regulatory rules or standards or the application of those rules or standards, or future regulatory initiatives designed to limit systemic risk and the potential for a financial institution to become "too big to fail."
•pre-closing risk: prospective acquisition targets are also subject to their own risks that we cannot manage or control prior to closing. as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected after closing to the extent that any such risks result in non-indemnified losses for which we are responsible.
•target-specific risk: acquisition targets have their own risks specific to their businesses that could impact the success of a transaction.
•if the acquisition includes loan portfolios, the extent of actual credit losses and the required allowance for credit losses following completion of the acquisition.
•if the acquisition involves entering into new businesses or geographic or other markets, potential limitations on our ability to take advantage of these opportunities because of our inexperience with respect to them.
•the results of litigation and governmental investigations that may be pending at the time of the acquisition or that may be filed or commenced thereafter, because of an acquisition or otherwise. it is often hard to predict the results of such legal proceedings. it may also be hard to anticipate what legal proceedings may be started following an acquisition based on the prior activities of the acquired company (and its predecessors).
•if the acquired company depends on models for, among other things, capital planning and credit loss accounting, we may have to rely on the acquired company's models post-closing prior to integrating the acquired company's data into pnc's models. these models may be designed or implemented in a manner different than the models used by pnc. as a result, incorporation of the acquired company's data into our models could materially impact our results of operations or financial position to the extent that our estimates based on the acquired company's models prove to be inaccurate.
•the acquired company may operate under enterprise risk management systems, policies and procedures that are different and less mature than those of pnc, and we may need to rely on the acquired company's enterprise risk management systems, policies and procedures for a period of time after acquisition, which might limit pnc's ability to identify, monitor, manage and report risks. the acquired company may also implement its policies and procedures in a different manner than pnc would, which may result in heightened regulatory, legal, operational or reputational risk.
•retention risk: the success of an acquisition generally is at least partially dependent on our ability to retain and expand upon the acquired company's customer base. it is also frequently subject to risks related to human capital, including, to the extent being retained, the quality of leadership of the acquired company.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k our business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, natural or otherwise, by terrorist activities, by international hostilities or by domestic civil unrest.
neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of natural and other disasters (including severe weather events), health emergencies, dislocations, geopolitical instabilities, terrorist activities, international hostilities or other extraordinary events beyond pnc's control can be predicted. however, these occurrences could adversely impact us, for example, by causing significant damage to our facilities or preventing us from conducting our business in the ordinary course. also, their impact on our borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other counterparties could result in indirect adverse effects on us. other indirect adverse consequences from these occurrences could result from impacts to the financial markets, the economy in general or in any region, or key parts of the infrastructure (such as the power grid) on which we and our customers rely. these types of indirect effects, whether specific to our counterparties or more generally applicable, could lead, for example, to an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in pnc experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. they could also cause a reduction in demand for lending or other services that we provide.
our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning. this includes our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. the adverse impact of these occurrences also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that we deal with, many of which we depend on but have limited or no control over.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
executive summary key strategic goals at pnc we manage our company for the long term. we are focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits and revenue and improving profitability, while investing for the future and managing risk, expenses and capital. we continue to invest in our products, markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees and the communities where we do business.
we strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit and fee-based products and services. we are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and needs. our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures.
we are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of:
•expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms,
our capital and liquidity priorities are to support customers, fund business investments and return excess capital to shareholders, while maintaining appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the basel iii framework and other regulatory expectations. for more detail, see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 business, the capital highlights portion of this executive summary and the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
key factors affecting financial performance we face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time. the extent of such impacts may vary depending on factors such as the current business and economic conditions, political and regulatory environment and operational challenges. many of these risks and our risk management strategies are described in more detail elsewhere in this report.
•effectively managing capital and liquidity including:
•continuing to maintain and, over time, grow our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source,
•prudent liquidity and capital management to meet evolving regulatory capital, capital planning, stress testing and liquidity standards, and
•actions we take within the capital and other financial markets.
•execution of our strategic priorities,
•management of credit risk in our portfolio,
•our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment,
•the appropriateness of critical accounting estimates and related contingencies, and
•our ability to manage operational risks related to new products and services, changes in processes and procedures or the implementation of new technology.
•global and domestic economic conditions, including the length and extent of the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, and the actions taken to mitigate and manage it,
•the level of, and direction, timing and magnitude of movement in, interest rates and the shape of the interest rate yield curve,
•the functioning and other performance of, and availability of liquidity in, u.s. and global financial markets, including capital markets,
•changes in the competitive landscape,
•impacts of changes in federal, state and local governmental policy, including on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, taxes, infrastructure spending and social programs,
•the impact of market credit spreads on asset valuations,
•the ability of customers, counterparties and issuers to perform in accordance with contractual terms, and the resulting impact on our asset quality,
•loan demand, utilization of credit commitments and standby letters of credit, and
•the impact on customers and changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or regulatory or legislative initiatives.
for additional information on the risks we face, see item 1a risk factors and the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7.
presentation of noninterest income effective for the first quarter of 2022, pnc updated the presentation of its noninterest income categorization to be based on product and service type, and accordingly, has changed the basis of presentation of its noninterest income revenue streams to: (i) asset management and brokerage, (ii) capital markets related, (iii) card and cash management, (iv) lending and deposit services, (v) residential and commercial mortgage and (vi) other noninterest income. for a description of each updated noninterest income revenue stream, see note 1 accounting policies. additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, pnc updated the name of the noninterest income line item "capital markets related" to "capital markets and advisory." this update did not impact the components of the category. all periods presented herein reflect these changes.
acquisition of bbva usa bancshares, inc.
on june 1, 2021, pnc acquired bbva, a u.s. financial holding company conducting its business operations primarily through its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa. pnc paid $11.5 billion in cash as consideration for the acquisition.
on october 8, 2021, bbva usa merged into pnc bank. on october 12, 2021, pnc converted approximately 2.6 million customers, 9,000 employees and over 600 branches across seven states. our results of operations and balance sheets for all periods presented in this report reflect the benefit of bbva's acquired businesses for the period since the acquisition closed on june 1, 2021.
for additional information on the acquisition of bbva, see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity.
discontinued operations in the second quarter of 2020, pnc divested its entire 22.4% equity investment in blackrock. net proceeds from the sale were $14.2 billion with an after-tax gain on sale of $4.3 billion. blackrock's historical results are reported as discontinued operations. for additional details on the divestiture of our equity investment in blackrock, see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k selected financial data the following tables include selected financial data which should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in item 8 of this report as well as the other disclosures in this report concerning our historical financial performance, our future prospects and the risks associated with our business and financial performance.
provision for (recapture of) credit losses                                                      477                       (779)                       3,175
average common shareholders' equity                                                           13.52   %                   10.78   %                   15.21   %
(a)see explanation and reconciliation of this non-gaap measure in reconciliation of tangible book value per common share (non-gaap) statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report.
(b)see explanation and reconciliation of this non-gaap measure in average consolidated balance sheet and net interest analysis and reconciliation of taxable-equivalent net interest income (non-gaap) statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report.
interest-earning deposits with banks                            $27,320                       $74,250
investment securities                                          $139,334                      $132,962
total deposits                                                 $436,282                      $457,278
total shareholders' equity                                      $45,774                       $55,695
common shareholders' equity                                     $40,028                       $50,685
other selected ratios common equity tier 1                                                9.1   %                      10.3   %
loans to deposits                                                    75   %                        63   %
common shareholders' equity to total assets                         7.2   %                       9.1   %
average common shareholders' equity to average assets               7.7   %                       9.6   %
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k income statement highlights net income for 2022 was $6.1 billion, or $13.85 per diluted common share, an increase of $0.4 billion compared to net income of $5.7 billion, or $12.70 per diluted common share, for 2021. the increase was driven by higher net interest income, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses, lower noninterest income and higher expenses.
•noninterest income decreased $458 million, or 5%, to $8.1 billion, primarily due to lower capital markets and advisory income, a decrease in private equity revenue and lower residential and commercial mortgage fees, partially offset by an increase in card and cash management revenue.
•provision for credit losses was $477 million in 2022, driven by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio. provision recapture was $779 million for 2021.
•noninterest expense increased $168 million to $13.2 billion, reflecting the addition of a full year of bbva operating expenses and continued business investment. the increase was partially offset by lower integration expenses.
for additional detail, see the consolidated income statement review section of this item 7.
balance sheet highlights our balance sheet was well positioned at december 31, 2022. in comparison to december 31, 2021:
•total commercial loans grew $32.0 billion, or 17%, to $225.0 billion, due to new production and higher utilization of loan commitments, partially offset by ppp loan forgiveness.
•total consumer loans increased $5.7 billion, or 6%, to $101.0 billion, primarily due to increases in residential mortgages, home equity and credit card, partially offset by declines in the remaining portfolios as paydowns outpaced new originations.
•investment securities increased $6.4 billion, or 5%, to $139.3 billion due to net purchases, primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities, partially offset by a decline in valuation driven by interest rates.
•interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the federal reserve bank, decreased $46.9 billion, or 63% to $27.3 billion, reflecting higher loans outstanding, lower deposits and higher securities balances.
•total deposits decreased $21.0 billion, or 5%, to $436.3 billion, due to lower commercial and consumer deposits, reflecting the impact of inflationary pressures and competitive pricing dynamics.
for additional detail, see the consolidated balance sheet review section of this item 7.
credit quality highlights
2022 reflected strong credit quality performance.
•the acl related to loans, which consists of the alll and the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments, decreased to $5.4 billion, or 1.67% of total loans at december 31, 2022, compared to $5.5 billion, or 1.92% of total loans at december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily driven by the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and improvements in credit quality, partially offset by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k for additional detail, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section of this item 7.
capital highlights we maintained a strong capital position during 2022.
•common shareholders' equity decreased to $40.0 billion at december 31, 2022, compared to $50.7 billion at december 31, 2021 as the benefit of net income was more than offset by a decrease in aoci, reflecting the negative impact of higher interest rates on securities and swap values. the decline was also attributable to share repurchases and common dividends paid.
•in 2022, we returned $6.0 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends on common shares of $2.4 billion and repurchases of 21.2 million common shares for $3.6 billion.
◦the scb framework allows for capital returns in amounts up to the level of capital in excess of the firm's scb plus the regulatory minimum level of capital. consistent with the flexibility provided under the scb framework, our board of directors has authorized a repurchase framework under the repurchase program approved on april 4, 2019 of up to 100 million common shares, of which approximately 49% were still available for repurchase at december 31, 2022. under this framework, pnc expects quarterly repurchases of up to $500 million with the ability to adjust those levels as conditions warrant. pnc's scb for the four-quarter period beginning october 1, 2022 is 2.9%.
•on january 4, 2023, the pnc board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.50 per share. the dividend, with a payment date of february 5, 2023, was paid on the next business day.
•the basel iii cet1 capital ratio decreased to 9.1% at december 31, 2022 from 10.3% at december 31, 2021.
•pnc elected to delay the estimated impact of cecl on cet1 capital through december 31, 2021, followed by a three-year transition period. cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital is defined as the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25% of the change in cecl acl at the balance sheet date, excluding the allowance for pcd loans, compared to cecl acl at adoption. effective for the first quarter of 2022, pnc is now in the three-year transition period, and the full impact of the cecl standard is being phased-in to regulatory capital through december 31, 2024. the cet1 fully implemented ratio, which reflects the full impact of cecl and excludes the benefits of the optional five-year transition, was 8.9% at december 31, 2022 compared to 10.0% at december 31, 2021.
pnc's ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to pnc meeting or exceeding a scb established by the federal reserve board in connection with the federal reserve board's ccar process. see additional discussion of the ccar process in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for more detail on our 2022 capital and liquidity actions as well as our capital ratios.
business outlook statements regarding our business outlook are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our views that:
•the economy continues to expand in early 2023, but economic growth is slowing in response to the ongoing federal reserve monetary policy tightening to slow inflation. this has led to large increases in both short- and long-term interest rates. with much higher mortgage rates the housing market is already in contraction, with steep drops in existing home sales and single-family housing starts, and a modest decline in house prices. other sectors where interest rates play an outsized role, such as business investment and consumer spending on durable goods, will contract in 2023.
•pnc's baseline outlook is for a recession starting in the second half of 2023, with real gdp contracting a modest 1% before recovery starts in early 2024 as the federal reserve lowers interest rates in response to a deteriorating labor market and slower inflation. the unemployment rate will increase throughout 2023, peaking at above 5% in the first half of 2024. inflation will slow with the recession and be back to the federal reserve's 2% long-term objective by early 2024.
•pnc expects the fomc to increase the federal funds rate by an additional 25 basis points in march. this would bring the federal funds rate to a range of 4.75% to 5.00% by mid-march. pnc expects a federal funds rate cut of 25 basis points in early 2024 as inflation moves toward the fomc's 2% long-term objective.
see item 1a risk factors and the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7 for other factors that could cause future events to differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
•other noninterest income, excluding net securities gains and visa activity, to be between $200 million and $250 million,
additionally, as of year-end 2022, we have completed all actions associated with the integration of bbva, and no additional integration costs are anticipated. a total of $980 million of integration costs were incurred, which included $120 million of write-offs for capitalized items.
we cannot provide, without unreasonable effort, a meaningful or accurate reconciliation of forward-looking non-gaap measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures. this is due to the inherent difficulty of forecasting the timing and amounts necessary for the reconciliation when such amounts are subject to events that cannot be reasonably predicted, as noted in our cautionary statement. accordingly, we cannot address the probable significance of the unavailable information.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k consolidated income statement review our consolidated income statement is presented in item 8 of this report. for the comparison of 2021 over 2020, see the consolidated income statement review section in our 2021 form 10-k.
net income for 2022 was $6.1 billion, or $13.85 per diluted common share, an increase of $0.4 billion compared to net income of $5.7 billion, or $12.70 per diluted common share, for 2021. the increase was driven by higher net interest income, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses, lower noninterest income and higher expenses.
rates          expense                                      rates          expense assets interest-earning assets investment securities                                          $137,149           2.00    %      $2,747                    $110,974           1.67    %      $1,855
interest-earning deposits with banks                             41,050           1.41    %         578                      79,869           0.13    %         103
liabilities interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits                                      $299,042           0.42    %       1,267                    $279,228           0.05    %         126
total interest-bearing liabilities/interest expense            $341,492           0.71    %       2,422                    $313,736           0.16    %         487
(a)interest income calculated as taxable-equivalent interest income. to provide more meaningful comparisons of interest income and yields for all interest-earning assets, as well as net interest margins, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating average yields and net interest margins by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. this adjustment is not permitted under gaap on the consolidated income statement. for more information, see reconciliation of taxable-equivalent net interest income (non-gaap) in the statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report.
changes in net interest income and margin result from the interaction of the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and related yields, interest-bearing liabilities and related rates paid, and noninterest-bearing sources of funding. see the statistical information (unaudited) - average consolidated balance sheet and net interest analysis and analysis of year-to-year changes in net interest income in item 8 of this report.
net interest income increased $2.4 billion, or 22% in 2022 compared with 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher interest-earning asset yields and balances, partially offset by higher funding costs. net interest margin increased 36 basis points, due to higher interest-earning asset yields, partially offset by higher funding rates.
average investment securities grew $26.2 billion, or 24%, driven by net securities purchases, primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities and u.s. treasury and government agency securities. average investment securities represented 28% of average interest-earning assets in 2022, compared to 24% in 2021.
average interest-earning deposits with banks decreased $38.8 billion reflecting higher loan balances and net securities purchases, partially offset by higher deposits and borrowed funds.
average interest-bearing deposits grew $19.8 billion, or 7%, and included a shift in commercial deposits from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing as deposit rates have risen. in total, average interest-bearing deposits represented 88% of average interest-bearing liabilities in 2022 compared to 89% in 2021.
further details regarding average loans and deposits are included in the business segments review section of this item 7.
capital markets and advisory                  1,296           1,577           (281)          (18)   %
lending and deposit services                  1,134           1,102              32             3   %
asset management and brokerage fees increased due to the full-year benefit of bbva and increased product sales, partially offset by lower average equity markets. pnc's discretionary client assets under management decreased to $173 billion at december 31, 2022, compared to $192 billion at december 31, 2021, driven by lower spot equity markets.
capital markets and advisory fees decreased primarily due to lower advisory and underwriting fees, partially offset by higher fees on customer-related derivative activities.
growth in card and cash management revenue was primarily due to increased treasury management product revenue, including the full-year benefit of bbva, in addition to higher consumer spending.
lending and deposit services increased and included the full-year benefit of bbva.
residential and commercial mortgage decreased due to lower residential and commercial mortgage banking activities driven by a decline in both origination and sales activity, partially offset by higher residential mortgage servicing income.
other noninterest income decreased compared to 2021, primarily due to lower private equity revenue and net losses on securities, partially offset by the benefit of lower negative visa class b derivative fair value adjustments. further details regarding our customer-related trading activities are included in the market risk management - customer-related trading risk portion of the risk management section of this item 7. further details regarding private and other equity investments are included in the market risk management - equity and other investment risk section.
the increase to noninterest expense included a full year of bbva operating expenses and continued business investment, as well as the write-off of insignificant technology projects connected to crypto currency product development, all of which has ceased as of the reporting date. the increase was partially offset by lower integration expenses.
effective income tax rate the effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 18.2% for 2022 compared with 18.1% for 2021.
the effective tax rate is generally lower than the statutory rate primarily due to tax credits we receive from our investments in low- income housing and new markets investments, as well as earnings on other tax exempt investments. additional information regarding our effective tax rate is included in the reconciliation of statutory and effective tax rates table in note 19 income taxes.
provision for (recapture of) credit losses table 6: provision for (recapture of) credit losses year ended december 31
provision for (recapture of) credit losses loans and leases                                            $439          $(887)
unfunded lending related commitments                          32              32
investment securities                                         17              51
total provision for (recapture of) credit losses            $477          $(779)
provision for credit losses was $477 million in 2022, driven by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio.
net interest income less the provision for (recapture of) credit losses was $12.5 billion, $11.4 billion and $6.8 billion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
consolidated balance sheet review the summarized balance sheet data in table 7 is based upon our consolidated balance sheet in item 8 of this report. for additional detail of the comparison of 2021 over 2020, see the consolidated balance sheet review section in our 2021 form 10-k.
assets interest-earning deposits with banks                         $27,320                      $74,250                    $(46,930)          (63)   %
investment securities                                        139,334                      132,962                        6,372             5   %
liabilities deposits                                                    $436,282                     $457,278                    $(20,996)           (5)   %
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments               694                          662                           32             5   %
total liabilities                                            511,451                      501,465                        9,986             2   %
equity total shareholders' equity                                    45,774                       55,695                      (9,921)          (18)   %
total equity                                                  45,812                       55,726                      (9,914)          (18)   %
total liabilities and equity                                $557,263                     $557,191                          $72             -
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k our balance sheet was well-positioned at december 31, 2022. in comparison to december 31, 2021:
•total assets were stable as higher loans, securities and msrs were offset by lower balances held with the federal reserve bank.
•total liabilities increased primarily due to higher borrowed funds, partially offset by a decrease in deposits.
•total equity decreased as the benefits from net income and preferred stock issuances were more than offset by a decrease in aoci, reflecting the negative impact of higher interest rates on securities and swap values. the decline was also attributable to common share repurchases, dividends paid and the redemption of preferred stock.
the acl related to loans totaled $5.4 billion at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $0.1 billion since december 31, 2021. the decrease was primarily driven by the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and improvements in credit quality, partially offset by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth.
see the following for additional information regarding our acl related to loans:
•allowance for credit losses in the credit risk management section of this item 7,
•critical accounting estimates and judgments section of this item 7, and
•note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses.
the following discussion provides additional information about the major components of our balance sheet. information regarding our capital and regulatory compliance is included in the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 and in note 20 regulatory matters.
home equity                           25,983                             24,061                1,922             8   %
credit card                            7,069                              6,626                  443             7   %
commercial loans increased primarily due to new production and higher utilization of loan commitments, partially offset by ppp loan forgiveness. pnc had $0.4 billion of ppp loans outstanding at december 31, 2022, compared to $3.4 billion at december 31, 2021.
consumer loans increased primarily due to increases in residential mortgages, home equity and credit card, partially offset by declines in the remaining portfolios as paydowns outpaced new originations.
for additional information regarding our loan portfolio, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section, note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses.
investment securities investment securities of $139.3 billion at december 31, 2022 increased $6.4 billion, or 5%, compared to december 31, 2021, due to net purchases, primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities, partially offset by a decline in valuation driven by interest rates.
the level and composition of the investment securities portfolio fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loan and deposit growth, and balance sheet management activities. we manage our investment securities portfolio to optimize returns, while providing a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering the lcr, nsfr and other internal and external guidelines and constraints.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k table 9: investment securities (a)
total investment securities (f)                    $143,743                        $134,438                   $132,224                        $133,058
(a)of our total securities portfolio, 97% and 96% were rated aaa/aa as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(b)amortized cost is presented net of the allowance for investment securities, which totaled $149 million at december 31, 2022 and primarily related to non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. the comparable amount at december 31, 2021 was $133 million.
(d)collateralized primarily by corporate debt, government guaranteed education loans and other consumer credit products.
(e)includes state and municipal securities.
(f)includes available for sale and held to maturity securities, which are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value and amortized cost, respectively.
table 9 presents the distribution of our investment securities portfolio by amortized cost and fair value. the relationship of fair value to amortized cost at december 31, 2022 compared to december 31, 2021 primarily reflected the impact of higher interest rates on the valuation of fixed rate securities. we continually monitor the credit risk in our portfolio and maintain the allowance for investment securities at an appropriate level to absorb expected credit losses on our investment securities portfolio for the remaining contractual term of the securities adjusted for expected prepayments. see note 3 investment securities for additional details regarding the allowance for investment securities.
during 2022, we transferred securities with a fair value of $82.7 billion from available for sale to held to maturity. we changed our intent and committed to hold these high-quality securities to maturity in order to reduce the impact of price volatility on aoci and tangible capital. see note 3 investment securities for additional details regarding these transfers.
the duration of investment securities was 4.5 years at december 31, 2022. we estimate that at december 31, 2022 the effective duration of investment securities was 4.4 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel increase in interest rates and 4.5 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel decrease in interest rates. comparable amounts at december 31, 2021 for the effective duration of investment securities were 3.8 years and 3.5 years, respectively.
based on expected prepayment speeds, the weighted-average expected maturity of the investment securities portfolio was 6.0 years at december 31, 2022 compared to 4.4 years at december 31, 2021.
table 10: weighted-average expected maturities of mortgage and asset-backed debt securities december 31, 2022                                  years agency residential mortgage-backed               7.7
additional information regarding our investment securities portfolio is included in note 3 investment securities and note 15 fair value.
deposits noninterest-bearing                          $124,486                     $155,175                    $(30,689)          (20)   %
time deposits                                  18,470                       17,366                        1,104             6   %
total interest-bearing deposits               311,796                      302,103                        9,693             3   %
total deposits                                436,282                      457,278                     (20,996)           (5)   %
total deposits decreased due to lower commercial and consumer deposits, reflecting competitive pricing dynamics and the impact of inflationary pressures. in addition, there was a shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing deposits in 2022, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates.
the level and composition of borrowed funds fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loans, investment securities, deposit growth and capital considerations. we manage our borrowed funds to provide a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering our lcr and nsfr requirements and other internal and external guidelines and constraints. see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for additional information regarding our 2022 liquidity and capital activities. see note 10 borrowed funds for additional information related to our borrowings.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity was $45.8 billion at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $9.9 billion compared to december 31, 2021, as increases related to net income of $6.1 billion and preferred stock issuances of $2.2 billion were more than offset by a decrease in aoci of $10.6 billion, reflecting the negative impact of higher interest rates on securities and swap values. the decline was also attributable to common share repurchases of $3.6 billion, dividends paid of $2.6 billion and a preferred stock redemption of $1.5 billion.
•corporate & institutional banking
•asset management group business segment results and a description of each business are included in note 23 segment reporting. certain amounts included in this business segments review differ from those amounts shown in note 23, primarily due to the presentation in this item 7 of business net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis. note 23 presents results of businesses for 2022, 2021 and 2020.
net interest income in business segment results reflects our internal funds transfer pricing methodology. assets receive a funding charge, and liabilities and capital receive a funding credit based on a transfer pricing methodology that incorporates product repricing characteristics, tenor and other factors.
total business segment financial results differ from total consolidated net income. the impact of these differences is reflected in the "other" category as shown in table 120 in note 23 segment reporting. "other" includes residual activities that do not meet the criteria for disclosure as a separate reportable business, such as asset and liability management activities including net securities gains or losses, acl for investment securities, certain trading activities, certain runoff consumer loan portfolios, private equity investments, intercompany eliminations, certain corporate overhead, tax adjustments that are not allocated to business segments, exited businesses, and differences between business segment performance reporting and financial statement reporting (gaap).
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k retail banking retail banking's core strategy is to help all of our consumer and small business customers move forward financially. we aim to grow our primary checking and transaction relationships through strong customer acquisition and retention. we seek to deepen relationships by meeting the broad range of our customers' financial needs with savings, liquidity, lending, payments investment and retirement solutions. a strategic priority for us is to differentiate the customer experience, leveraging technology to make banking easier for our customers. a key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, and atm access while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. in addition, we are focused on consistently engaging both our employees and customers, which is a strong driver of customer growth, retention and relationship expansion.
(unaudited)
provision for (recapture of) credit losses                 259                      (101)                      360                         *
home equity                                             23,221                     22,387                      834                     4   %
credit card                                              6,620                      6,182                      438                     7   %
deposits noninterest-bearing                                    $64,775                    $57,729                   $7,046                    12   %
total deposits                                        $264,389                   $241,769                  $22,620                     9   %
lending and deposit services                                                             $670                     $619                      $51                     8   %
serviced portfolio acquisitions                                                           $74                      $44                      $30                    68   %
msr capitalization value (in basis points) (b)                                            122                       81       41                                    51   %
non-teller deposit transactions (e)                                                        64   %                   65   %
digital consumer customers (f)                                                             78   %                   79   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets                                                                   $1,003                   $1,220                   $(217)                  (18)   %
(d)mortgages with borrowers as part of residential real estate purchase transactions.
(e)percentage of total consumer and business banking deposit transactions processed at an atm or through our mobile banking application.
(f)represents consumer checking relationships that process the majority of their transactions through non-teller channels.
(g)reflects all branches and solution centers excluding standalone mortgage offices and satellite offices (e.g., drive-ups, electronic branches and retirement centers) that provide limited products and/or services.
retail banking earnings increased $326 million in 2022 compared with 2021. the increase in earnings was attributable to higher net interest income and noninterest income, partially offset by increased noninterest expense and a higher provision for credit losses.
net interest income increased primarily due to growth in average deposits and loan balances, reflecting the full-year benefit of bbva acquisition, along with wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of loans.
noninterest income included the full-year impact of the bbva acquisition and increased due to the favorable impact of visa class b derivative fair value adjustments, higher brokerage fees reflecting favorable annuity activity, growth in card and cash management revenue driven by increased credit and debit card activity, and higher lending and deposit related fees driven by increased service charges on deposits. the increase in noninterest income was partially offset by declines in residential mortgage revenue, driven by lower loan sales revenue reflecting the higher interest rate environment.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k provision for credit losses was driven by our weakened economic outlook, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio.
noninterest expense increased due to the full-year impact of bbva operating expenses, increased business activity and continued investments to support business growth.
the deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to pnc. in 2022, average total deposits increased compared to 2021 primarily driven by growth in demand and savings deposits, which benefited from the full-year impact of the bbva acquisition.
retail banking average total loans increased in 2022 compared to 2021. average consumer loans increased 12% due to the full-year impact of the bbva acquisition on all loan classes except education loans, which bbva did not have in its loan portfolio, partially offset by a decline in auto and other consumer loans as paydowns outpaced new originations. in addition, average residential real estate loans increased, as new originations outpaced runoff. average commercial loans decreased primarily due to ppp loans.
as part of our strategic focus on growing customers and meeting their financial needs, we have established a coast-to-coast network of retail branches, solution centers and atms that operate alongside pnc's suite of digital capabilities. over time, we plan to continue to convert a portion of branches into solution centers, which have a distinctive layout and the capability to support transactions, sales and advice, using a combination of technology and personalized banker assistance. pnc began to deploy solution centers in 2018.
retail banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. we are focused on meeting the financial needs of customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, payments and investment products. in 2021, we successfully rolled out low cash mode® to all virtual wallet® customers, providing them with the ability to avoid unnecessary overdraft fees through real-time alerts, extra time to prevent or address overdrafts and controls to choose whether to return certain debits rather than the bank making the decision. in 2022, we continued to make product benefit enhancements, such as by eliminating non-sufficient fund fees for all consumer checking account customers. virtual wallet® customers had previously received this benefit with the launch of low cash mode®.
retail banking continued to execute on its strategy of transforming the customer experience through transaction channel migration, branch network and home lending process transformations and multi-channel engagement and service strategies. we are also continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased and, as a result, we had a net closure of 111 branches in 2022, consistent with our plan.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k corporate & institutional banking corporate & institutional banking's strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through the economic cycles. we aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. we continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive.
table 13: corporate & institutional banking table
(unaudited)
provision for (recapture of) credit losses                                            198                      (646)                        844                         *
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                                                        $76,956                    $79,109                   $(2,153)                   (3)   %
total deposits                                                                   $148,344                   $151,319                   $(2,975)                   (2)   %
commercial mortgage banking activities:
business credit                                                                    28,461                     24,047                      4,414                    18   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets (e)                                                             $761                     $1,007                     $(246)                  (24)   %
(a)see the additional revenue discussion regarding treasury management and commercial mortgage banking activities in the product revenue section of this corporate & institutional banking section.
(c)represents commercial mortgage banking income for valuations on commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related commitments, derivative valuations, origination fees, gains on sale of loans held for sale and net interest income on loans held for sale.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k corporate & institutional banking earnings decreased $454 million in 2022 compared with 2021, driven by a higher provision for credit losses, higher noninterest expense and lower noninterest income, partially offset by higher net interest income.
net interest income increased in the comparison primarily due to higher average loan balances reflecting organic growth and the full-year benefit of bbva, as well as wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of loans and lower average deposit balances.
noninterest income decreased in the comparison driven by lower capital markets and advisory fees and lower commercial mortgage banking activities, partially offset by higher treasury management product revenue.
provision for credit losses was driven by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio.
noninterest expense increased in the comparison largely due to a full-year of bbva operating expenses and continued investments to support business growth, partially offset by lower variable compensation associated with decreased business activity.
average loans increased compared with 2021 due to increases in corporate banking, business credit and real estate, partially offset by a decline in commercial banking:
•corporate banking provides lending, equipment finance, treasury management and capital markets products and services to mid-sized and large corporations and government, and not-for-profit entities. average loans for this business increased, driven by strong new production and higher average utilization of loan commitments as well as the full-year benefit of loans from bbva.
•business credit provides asset-based lending and equipment financing solutions. the loan and lease portfolio is relatively high yielding, with acceptable risk as the loans are mainly secured by business assets. average loans for this business increased, primarily driven by higher utilization of loan commitments and new production.
•real estate provides banking, financing, and servicing solutions for commercial real estate clients across the country. average loans for this business increased reflecting new production, partially offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments.
•commercial banking provides lending, treasury management and capital markets products and services to smaller corporations and businesses. average loans for this business decreased, primarily driven by ppp loan forgiveness, partially offset by the full-year benefit of loans from bbva.
the deposit strategy of corporate & institutional banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances over time, executing on customer and segment-specific deposit growth strategies and continuing to provide funding and liquidity to pnc. average total deposits decreased in the comparison reflecting the impact of competitive pricing dynamics, partially offset by the full-year benefit of deposits from bbva. we continue to actively monitor the interest rate environment and make adjustments to our deposit strategy in response to evolving market conditions, bank funding needs and client relationship dynamics.
in 2021, the bbva acquisition accelerated corporate & institutional banking's geographic expansion. following the bbva acquisition and our de novo expansion efforts, we are now a coast-to-coast franchise and have a presence in the largest 30 u.s. metropolitan statistical areas. these expanded locations complement corporate & institutional banking's national businesses with a significant presence in these cities, and our full suite of commercial products and services is now offered nationally.
product revenue in addition to credit and deposit products for commercial customers, corporate & institutional banking offers other services, including treasury management, capital markets and advisory products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities, for customers of all business segments. on a consolidated basis, the revenue from these other services is included in net interest income and noninterest income, as appropriate. from a business perspective, the majority of the revenue and expense related to these services is reflected in the corporate & institutional banking segment results, and the remainder is reflected in the results of other businesses where the customer relationship exists. the other information section in table 13 includes the consolidated revenue to pnc for treasury management and commercial mortgage banking services. a discussion of the consolidated revenue from these services follows.
the treasury management business provides corporations with cash and investment management services, receivables and disbursement management services, funds transfer services, international payment services and access to online/mobile information management and reporting services. treasury management revenue is reported in noninterest income and net interest income. noninterest income includes treasury management product revenue less earnings credits provided to customers on compensating deposit balances used to pay for products and services. net interest income primarily includes revenue from all treasury management customer deposit balances. compared with 2021, treasury management revenue increased due to wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits and higher noninterest income, reflecting the impact of customer growth and the full-year benefit of bbva.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k commercial mortgage banking activities include revenue derived from commercial mortgage servicing (both net interest income and noninterest income), revenue derived from commercial mortgage loans held for sale and hedges related to those activities. total revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities decreased in the comparison primarily due to lower commercial mortgage servicing income and commercial mortgage loans held for sale, partially offset by a higher benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge.
capital markets and advisory includes services and activities primarily related to merger and acquisition advisory, equity capital markets advisory, asset-backed financing, loan syndication, securities underwriting and customer-related trading. the decrease in capital markets and advisory fees in the comparison was mostly driven by lower advisory and underwriting fees, partially offset by higher fees on customer-related derivative activities.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k asset management group the asset management group strives to be the leading relationship-based provider of investment, planning, credit and cash management solutions and fiduciary services to affluent individuals and institutions by endeavoring to proactively deliver value-added ideas, solutions and exceptional service. asset management group's priorities are to serve our clients' financial objectives, grow and deepen customer relationships and deliver solid financial performance with prudent risk and expense management.
(unaudited)
provision for (recapture of) credit losses                            28                      (7)                       35                         *
deposits noninterest-bearing                                               $2,664                   $2,919                   $(255)                   (9)   %
total deposits                                                   $30,494                  $25,701                   $4,793                    19   %
institutional asset management                                        68                       69                      (1)                   (1)   %
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k the asset management group consists of two primary businesses: pnc private bank and institutional asset management.
the pnc private bank is focused on being a premier private bank in each of the markets it serves. this business seeks to deliver high quality banking, trust, and investment management services to our emerging affluent, high net worth, and ultra-high net worth clients through a broad array of products and services.
institutional asset management provides outsourced chief investment officer, custody, private real estate, cash and fixed income client solutions, and retirement plan fiduciary investment services to institutional clients, including corporations, healthcare systems, insurance companies, unions, municipalities and non-profits.
with the inclusion of bbva, pnc private bank has approximately 100 offices operating in nine of the ten most affluent states in the u.s. with a majority co-located within retail banking branches.
asset management group earnings decreased $76 million in 2022 compared with 2021, driven by an increase in noninterest expense, lower noninterest income and a higher provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher net interest income.
net interest income increased due to growth in average loan and deposit balances, reflecting the full-year benefit of the bbva acquisition and organic growth, as well as wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits. this was partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of loans.
noninterest income decreased in the comparison primarily attributable to lower average equity markets.
discretionary client assets under management decreased in comparison to the prior year primarily attributable to lower equity markets as of december 31, 2022.
risk management enterprise risk management we encounter risk as part of the normal course of operating our business. accordingly, we design our risk governance framework, referred to as the erm framework, and risk management processes to help manage this risk. we manage risk in light of our risk appetite to optimize long-term shareholder value while supporting our employees, customers and communities.
our erm framework is structurally aligned with regulatory enhanced prudential standards and heightened standards promulgated by the federal reserve and occ, respectively, which establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework. this risk management section describes our erm framework, which consists of seven core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. the seven core components are risk culture, enterprise strategy (including risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing), risk governance and oversight, risk identification, risk assessments, risk controls and monitoring, and risk aggregation and reporting (see the figure below). the overall risk management section of this item 7 also provides an analysis of the firm's capital management and our key areas of risk, which include, but are not limited to credit, market, liquidity and operational (including compliance and information security). our use of financial derivatives as part of our overall asset and liability risk management process is also addressed within this risk management section.
we operate within a rapidly evolving regulatory environment. accordingly, we are actively focused on the timely incorporation of applicable regulatory pronouncements into our erm framework.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k risk culture a strong risk culture helps us make well informed decisions, helps ensure individuals conform to the established culture, reduces an individual's ability to do something for personal gain, and rewards employees for working toward a common goal rather than individual interests. our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. these protocols are especially critical in terms of our risk awareness, risk-taking behavior and risk management practices.
managing risk is every employee's responsibility. all of our employees, individually and collectively, are responsible for ensuring the organization is performing with the utmost integrity, is applying sound risk management practices and is striving to achieve our stated objectives. all employees are also responsible for understanding our enterprise risk appetite statement, the erm framework and how risk management applies to their respective roles and responsibilities. employees are encouraged to collaborate across groups to identify and mitigate risks and elevate issues as required. we reinforce risk management responsibilities through a performance management system where employee performance goals include risk management objectives and incentives for employees to reinforce balanced measures of risk-adjusted performance.
proactive and open communication, between groups and up to the board of directors, facilitates timely identification and resolution of risk issues. our multi-level risk committee structure provides formal channels to identify and report risk.
enterprise strategy we seek to ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing processes. these components are reviewed and approved at least annually by the board of directors or one of its committees.
risk appetite: our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital-based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. the enterprise risk appetite statement qualitatively describes the aggregate level of risk we are willing to accept in order to execute our business strategies. qualitative guiding principles further define each of the risks within our taxonomy to support the risk appetite statement. risk appetite metrics and limits, including forward-looking metrics, quantitatively measure whether we are operating within our stated risk appetite. our risk appetite metrics reflect material risks, align with our established risk appetite framework, balance risk and reward, leverage analytics, and are adjusted to changes in the external and internal risk environments.
strategic planning: our enterprise and line of business strategic plans outline major objectives, strategies and goals which are expected to be achieved over the next five years while seeking to ensure we remain compliant with all capital, risk appetite and liquidity targets and guidelines. our chief executive officer and chief financial officer lead the development of the corporate strategic plan.
capital planning and stress testing: capital planning helps to ensure we are maintaining safe and sound operations and viability. the capital planning process and the resulting capital plan evolve as our overall risks, activities and risk management practices change. capital planning aligns with our strategic planning process. stress testing is an essential element of the macroeconomics capital planning process. effective stress testing enables us to consider the estimated effect on capital of various hypothetical scenarios.
risk governance and oversight we employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to help ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return and risks are adequately monitored and managed. risk committees established within this risk governance and oversight framework provide oversight for risk management activities at the board of directors, executive, corporate the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k and business levels. committee composition is designed to provide effective oversight balanced across the three lines of defense in accordance with the occ's heightened standards and the federal reserve board's enhanced prudential standards. see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report for more information.
to ensure appropriate risks are being taken and effectively managed and controlled, risk is managed across three lines of defense. the board of directors' and each line of defense's responsibilities are detailed below:
board of directors - the board of directors oversees our risk-taking activities, holds management accountable for adhering to the erm framework and is responsible for exercising sound, independent judgment when assessing risk.
first line of defense - the front line units are accountable for identifying, owning and managing risks to within acceptable levels while adhering to the erm framework. our businesses strive to enhance risk management and internal control processes within their areas. integrated and comprehensive processes are designed to adequately manage the business' risk profile and risk appetite through identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting risks that may significantly impact each business.
second line of defense - the second line of defense is independent from the first line of defense and is responsible for establishing the risk governance framework and the standards within each independent risk area for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting aggregate risks. as the second line of defense, the independent risk areas monitor the risks generated by the first line of defense, review and challenge the implementation of effective risk management practices, and report on issues or exceptions. the risk areas help to ensure processes and controls owned by the businesses are designed and operating as intended.
third line of defense - as the third line of defense, internal audit is independent from the first and second lines of defense. internal audit provides the board of directors and executive management comprehensive assurance on the effectiveness of the erm framework and the risk management practices across the organization.
within the three lines of defense, the independent risk organization has sufficient authority to influence material decisions. our business oversight and decision-making is supported through a governance structure at the board of directors and management level. specific responsibilities include:
board of directors - our board of directors oversees our business and affairs as managed by our officers and employees. the board of directors may receive assistance in carrying out its duties and may delegate authority through standing or special committees. the following provides a summary of some of the key responsibilities of the board's standing committees:
•audit committee: monitors the integrity of our consolidated financial statements; monitors internal control over financial reporting; monitors compliance with our code of ethics; evaluates and monitors the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors; and evaluates and monitors the performance of our internal audit function and our independent auditors.
•nominating and governance committee: oversees the implementation of sound corporate governance principles and practices while promoting our best interests and those of our shareholders.
•human resources committee: oversees the compensation of our executive officers and other specified responsibilities related to talent and human capital matters affecting us. the committee is also responsible for evaluating the relationship between risk-taking activities and incentive compensation plans.
•risk committee: oversees our enterprise-wide risk structure and the processes established to identify, measure, monitor and manage the organization's risks and evaluates and approves our risk governance framework. the risk committee has formed a compliance subcommittee to facilitate board-level oversight of risk management in the compliance area.
•special committee on equity & inclusion: oversees management's equity and inclusion efforts, internally and externally, focusing on our systemic processes (including for employees and suppliers); low- and moderate-income communities (including community development banking, and product offerings and financial support for such communities); and advocacy (including partnerships with leading organizations, and advocacy for necessary structural changes to help provide greater access to the banking system and end systemic racism).
•technology committee: oversees technology strategy and significant technology initiatives and programs, including those that can position the use of technology to drive strategic advantages, and fulfills the oversight responsibilities delegated from the risk committee with respect to technology risk, technology risk management, cybersecurity, information security, business continuity and significant technology initiatives and programs.
management level executive committee - the management level executive committee is responsible for guiding the creation and execution of our business strategy across the company. with this responsibility, the management level executive committee executes various strategic approval and review activities, with a focus on capital deployment, business performance and risk management. this committee also helps ensure pnc is staffed with sufficient resources and talent to operate within its risk appetite.
corporate committees - the corporate committees generally operate based on the delegated approval authority from a board-level committee, the management level executive committee or other corporate committees. these committees operate at the the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k senior management level and are designed to facilitate the review, evaluation, oversight and approval of key business and risk activities.
working committees - working committees generally operate on delegated approval authority from a corporate committee or other working committees. working committees are intended to provide oversight of regulatory/legal matters, assist in the implementation of key enterprise-level activities within a business or function and support the oversight of key risk activities.
transactional committees - transactional committees generally operate based on delegated approval authority from a corporate or working committee to approve individual transactions, transactional related activities or movements on the organization's balance sheet.
policies and procedures - we have established risk management policies and procedures to support our erm framework, articulate our risk culture, define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities and to provide direction, guidance and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. these policies and procedures are organized in a multi-tiered framework and require periodic review and approval by relevant committees, including where appropriate committees of the board of directors, or management.
risk identification risk identification takes place across a variety of risk types throughout the organization. these risk types include, but are not limited to, credit, liquidity and capital, market and operational (which includes, among other types of risk, compliance and information security). risks are identified based on a balanced use of analytical tools and management judgment for both on- and off-balance sheet exposures. our governance structure supports risk identification by facilitating assessment of key risk issues, emerging risks and idiosyncratic risks and implementation of mitigation strategies as appropriate. these risks are prioritized based on quantitative and qualitative analysis and assessed against our risk appetite. multiple tools and approaches are used to help identify and prioritize risks, including risk appetite metrics, key risk indicators, key performance indicators, risk and control self-assessments, scenario analysis, stress testing and special investigations.
risks are aggregated and assessed within and across risk functions and businesses. the aggregated risk information is reviewed and reported at an enterprise level to the board of directors or appropriate committees. this enterprise aggregation and reporting approach promotes the identification and appropriate escalation of material risks across the organization and supports an understanding of the cumulative impact of risk in relation to our risk appetite.
risk assessment once risks are identified, they are evaluated based on quantitative and qualitative analysis to determine whether they are material. risk assessments support the overall management of an effective erm framework and help us to control and monitor our actual risk level and risk management effectiveness. comprehensive, accurate and timely assessments of risk are essential to an effective erm framework. effective risk measurement practices are designed to uncover recurring risks that have been experienced in the past; facilitate the monitoring, understanding, analysis and reporting of known risks; and reveal unanticipated risks that may not be easy to understand or predict.
risk controls and monitoring our erm framework consists of policies, processes, personnel and control systems. risk controls and limits provide the linkage from our risk appetite statement and associated guiding principles to the risk-taking activities of our businesses. in addition to risk appetite limits, a system of more detailed internal controls exists which oversees and monitors our various processes and functions. these control systems measure performance, help employees make correct decisions, help ensure information is accurate and reliable and facilitate compliance with laws and regulations.
we design our monitoring and evaluation of risks and controls to provide assurance that policies, procedures and controls are effective and also to result in the identification of control improvement recommendations. risk monitoring is a daily, ongoing process used by both the first and second line of defense to help ensure compliance with our erm framework. risk monitoring is accomplished in many ways, including performing risk assessments at the business and risk assessment unit level, monitoring an area's key controls, the timely reporting of issues and establishing a quality control and/or quality assurance function, as applicable.
risk aggregation and reporting risk reporting is a comprehensive way to: (i) communicate aggregate risks, including identified concentrations; (ii) escalate instances where we are outside of our risk appetite; (iii) monitor our risk profile in relation to our risk appetite; and (iv) communicate risks and views on the effectiveness of our risk management activities to the board of directors and executive management.
risk reports are produced at the line of business, functional risk and enterprise levels. each individual risk report includes an assessment of inherent risk, quality of risk management, residual risk, risk appetite and risk outlook. the enterprise level risk report aggregates material risks identified in the risk area reports and in the business reports to define the enterprise risk profile. the enterprise risk profile is a point-in-time assessment of enterprise risk and represents our overall risk position in relation to the desired the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k enterprise risk appetite. the determination of the enterprise risk profile is based on analysis of quantitative reporting of risk limits and other measures along with qualitative assessments. quarterly aggregation of risk reports from the risk areas and lines of business is designed to provide a clear view of our risk level relative to our quantitative risk appetite. the enterprise level report is provided through the governance structure to the risk committee of the board of directors.
credit risk management credit risk represents the possibility that a customer, counterparty or issuer may not perform in accordance with the contractual terms of their loan, extension of credit or other financial obligation with pnc. credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from extending credit to customers, purchasing securities and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. credit risk is one of our most significant risks. our processes for managing credit risk are designed to be embedded in our risk culture and in our decision-making processes using a systematic approach whereby credit risks and related exposures are identified and assessed, managed through specific policies and processes, measured and evaluated against our risk appetite and credit concentration limits, and reported, along with specific mitigation activities, to management and the board of directors through our governance structure. our most significant concentration of credit risk is in our loan portfolio.
credit risk management employs a governance, policy and monitoring framework for environmental and social risk topics that may include updates to pnc's credit portfolio strategy committee. outcomes from those updates may be incorporated into credit policies and risk procedures that govern our risk appetite, credit decisioning, portfolio management and reserve processes.
credit risk management is currently working to understand, and incorporate into our credit risk management framework, the impacts to credit risk that may accelerate or be introduced as a result of climate change, including impacts from physical risk events and risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy. these risk events may impact a borrower's income, cash flow or collateral due to frequency or severity of weather events, changing market conditions, consumer preferences and demand for products, or changes to the legislative and regulatory landscape. as disruptive events occur, pnc follows a process to determine if enhanced portfolio monitoring, reporting and executive communication is warranted to ensure appropriate oversight and action.
to address environmental and social-related risks, including climate change, pnc limits new originations in sectors that are no longer consistent with our strategic direction, such as mountain-top mining, arctic oil and gas and private prisons. corporate & institutional banking transactions may be subjected to an environmental and social risk management assessment designed to help us better identify and mitigate environmental, human rights and other social risks early in the credit application process. transactions identified as having a potential environmental, human rights or other social risk are evaluated to determine whether enhanced due diligence is warranted. additionally, pnc strives to ensure flood insurance is present for properties as required by applicable regulations, while also monitoring other water-related risks (such as the increased shoreline (and coastal) erosion) and weather-related events (such as hurricanes and wildfires).
loan portfolio characteristics and analysis table 15: details of loans in billions the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k we use several credit quality indicators, as further detailed in note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses, to monitor and measure our exposure to credit risk within our loan portfolio. the following provides additional information about the significant loan classes that comprise our commercial and consumer portfolio segments.
commercial commercial and industrial commercial and industrial loans comprised 56% and 53% of our total loan portfolio at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the majority of our commercial and industrial loans are secured by collateral that provides a secondary source of repayment for the loan should the borrower experience cash generation difficulties. examples of this collateral include short-term assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory and securities, and long-lived assets, such as equipment, owner-occupied real estate and other business assets.
we actively manage our commercial and industrial loans to assess any changes (both positive and negative) in the level of credit risk at both the borrower and portfolio level. to evaluate the level of credit risk, we assign internal risk ratings reflecting our estimates of the borrower's pd and lgd for each related credit facility. this two-dimensional credit risk rating methodology provides granularity in the risk monitoring process and is updated on an ongoing basis through our credit risk management processes. in addition to monitoring the level of credit risk, we also monitor concentrations of credit risk pertaining to both specific industries and geographies that may exist in our portfolio. our commercial and industrial portfolio is well-diversified across industries as shown in the following table which provides a breakout by industry classification (classified based on the north american industry classification system).
commercial and industrial loan growth from december 31, 2021 was driven by new production and higher utilization of loan commitments, partially offset by ppp loan forgiveness. ppp loans outstanding totaled $0.4 billion and $3.4 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
we monitor credit risk associated with our commercial real estate loans similar to commercial and industrial loans by analyzing pd and lgd. additionally, risks associated with these types of credit activities tend to be correlated to the loan structure, collateral location and quality, project progress and business environment. these attributes are also monitored and utilized in assessing credit risk. the portfolio is geographically diverse due to the nature of our business involving clients throughout the u.s.
as remote work continues to be a feasible alternative and notable portions of leased space remain unoccupied, real estate related to the office sector is an area of continuing uncertainty. evolving conditions suggest a structural change for office demand moving forward; however, the change is anticipated to develop more fully over time. pnc continues to closely monitor our exposure in the office sector as these concerns develop, and while internal risk and regulatory classification assessments have weakened, we have not seen a notable change in loan performance at this time.
we obtain loan attributes at origination, including fico scores and ltvs, and we update these and other credit metrics at least quarterly. we track borrower performance monthly. we also segment the mortgage portfolio into pools based on product type (e.g., nonconforming or conforming). this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv and geographic concentrations. loan performance is evaluated by source originators and loan servicers.
we originate residential mortgage loans nationwide through our national mortgage business as well as within our branch network. residential mortgage loans underwritten to agency standards, including conforming loan amount limits, are typically sold with servicing retained by us. we also originate nonconforming residential mortgage loans that do not meet agency standards, which we retain on our balance sheet. our portfolio of originated nonconforming residential mortgage loans totaled $40.6 billion at december 31, 2022 with 44% located in california. comparable amounts at december 31, 2021 were $34.9 billion and 42%, respectively.
home equity home equity loans comprised $19.5 billion of primarily variable-rate home equity lines of credit and $6.5 billion of closed-end home equity installment loans at december 31, 2022. comparable amounts were $15.8 billion and $8.3 billion as of december 31, 2021, respectively.
similar to residential real estate loans, we track borrower performance of this portfolio on a monthly basis. we also segment the population into pools based on product type (e.g., home equity loans, brokered home equity loans, home equity lines of credit or brokered home equity lines of credit) and track the historical performance of any related mortgage loans regardless of whether we hold such liens. this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv, lien position and geographic concentration.
the credit performance of the majority of the home equity portfolio where we hold the first lien position is superior to the portion of the portfolio where we hold the second lien position, but do not hold the first lien. lien position information is generally determined at the time of origination and monitored on an ongoing basis for risk management purposes. we use a third-party service provider to obtain updated loan information, including lien and collateral data that is aggregated from public and private sources.
the following table presents certain key statistics related to our home equity portfolio:
table 19: home equity loan statistics december 31, 2022                                       december 31, 2021
total home equity loans                                    $25,983                          100     %              $24,061                          100     %
automobile auto loans comprised $13.7 billion in the indirect auto portfolio and $1.1 billion in the direct auto portfolio as of december 31, 2022. comparable amounts as of december 31, 2021 were $15.4 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. the indirect auto portfolio consists of loans originated primarily through franchised dealers, including from expansion into new markets. this business is strategically aligned with our core retail banking business.
we continue to focus on borrowers with strong credit profiles as evidenced by the weighted-average loan origination fico scores noted in table 20. we offer both new and used auto financing to customers through our various channels. at december 31, 2022, the portfolio balance was composed of 50% new vehicle loans and 50% used vehicle loans. comparable amounts at december 31, 2021 were 53% and 47%, respectively.
the auto loan portfolio's performance is measured monthly, including updated collateral values that are obtained monthly and updated fico scores that are obtained at least quarterly. for internal reporting and risk management, we analyze the portfolio by product channel and product type and regularly evaluate default and delinquency experience. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we segment the portfolio by geography, channel, collateral attributes and credit metrics which include fico score, ltv and term.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k nonperforming assets and loan delinquencies nonperforming assets nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of contractual principal and interest is not probable and include nonperforming tdrs and pcd loans, oreo and foreclosed assets. loans held for sale, certain government insured or guaranteed loans and loans accounted for under the fair value option are excluded from nonperforming loans. see note 1 accounting policies for details on our nonaccrual policies.
allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans (b)                                     274       %                      223       %
(a)excludes most unsecured consumer loans and lines of credit, which are charged off after 120 to 180 days past due and are not placed on nonperforming status.
(b)calculated excluding allowances for investment securities and other financial assets.
principal activity, including paydowns and payoffs                    (868)                 (1,023)
(a)represents the june 30, 2021 balance of nonperforming assets attributable to bbva. changes in this acquired portfolio for the six months ended december 31, 2021 are reflected in the appropriate category based on activity.
as of december 31, 2022, approximately 98% of total nonperforming loans were secured by collateral which lessened reserve requirements and is expected to reduce credit losses.
within consumer nonperforming loans, residential real estate tdrs comprised 50% of total residential real estate nonperforming loans, while home equity tdrs comprised 31% of home equity nonperforming loans at december 31, 2022. comparable amounts at december 31, 2021 were 42% and 36%, respectively. tdrs generally remain in nonperforming status until a borrower has made at least six consecutive months of both principal and interest payments under the modified terms or ultimate resolution occurs. loans where borrowers have been discharged from personal liability through chapter 7 bankruptcy and have not formally reaffirmed their loan obligations to us and loans to borrowers not currently obligated to make both principal and interest payments under the restructured terms are not returned to accrual status. see troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications within this credit risk management section for more information on how certain loans to borrowers experiencing covid-19 related difficulties were treated prior to the expiration of cares act tdr relief.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k loan delinquencies we regularly monitor the level of loan delinquencies and believe these levels may be a key indicator of credit quality in our loan portfolio. measurement of delinquency status is based on the contractual terms of each loan. loans that are 30 days or more past due in terms of payment are considered delinquent. loan delinquencies include government insured or guaranteed loans, loans accounted for under the fair value option and pcd loans. amounts exclude loans held for sale.
we manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower, repayment sources, underlying collateral, and other support given current events, economic conditions and expectations. we refine our practices to meet the changing environment resulting from rising inflation levels, supply chain disruptions, higher interest rates and secular changes fostered by the covid-19 pandemic. to mitigate losses and enhance customer support, we have customer assistance, loan modification and collection programs that align with the cares act and subsequent interagency guidance. as a result, under the cares act credit reporting rules, certain loans modified due to covid-19 related hardships are not being reported as past due as of december 31, 2022 and 2021 based on the contractual terms of the loan, even where borrowers may not be making payments on their loans during the modification period.
accruing loans past due 90 days or more continue to accrue interest because they are (i) well secured by collateral and are in the process of collection, (ii) managed in homogeneous portfolios with specified charge-off timeframes adhering to regulatory guidelines, or (iii) certain government insured or guaranteed loans. as such, they are excluded from nonperforming loans.
troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications troubled debt restructurings a tdr is a loan whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs result from our loss mitigation activities and include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, postponement/reduction of scheduled amortization and extensions, which are intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. additionally, tdrs also result from court-imposed concessions (e.g., a chapter 7 bankruptcy where the debtor is discharged from personal liability to us and a court approved chapter 13 bankruptcy repayment plan). prior to the expiration of tdr relief on january 1, 2022, pnc elected not to apply a tdr designation to loans that were restructured due to a covid-19 hardship pursuant to specific criteria under the cares act. consistent with the expiration of this relief, loans that experience a covid-19 related hardship and are restructured after january 1, 2022 are subject to existing gaap guidance related to tdrs.
(b)accruing loans include consumer credit card loans and certain loans that have demonstrated a period of at least six months of performance under the restructured terms and are excluded from nonperforming loans.
see note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses for additional information on tdrs.
loan modifications pnc provides relief to our customers experiencing financial hardships through a variety of solutions. commercial loan and lease modifications are based on each individual borrower's situation and may involve reduction of the interest rate, extension of the loan term and/or forgiveness of principal. consumer loan modifications are evaluated under our hardship relief programs, including covid-19 related hardships that extended beyond the initial relief period.
see troubled debt restructurings within this credit risk management section for more information on how certain loans to borrowers experiencing covid-19 related difficulties were treated prior to the expiration of cares act tdr relief.
allowance for credit losses our determination of the acl is based on historical loss and performance experience, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors, including current borrower and/or transaction characteristics. we maintain the acl at an appropriate level for expected losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases, trade receivables and other financial assets and off-balance sheet credit exposures and determine this allowance based on assessments of the remaining estimated contractual term as of the balance sheet date.
we use forward-looking information in estimating expected credit losses for our reasonable and supportable forecast period. for this purpose, we have established a framework which includes a three-year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios and associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes. forward-looking information, such as forecasted relevant macroeconomic variables, is incorporated into the expected credit loss estimates using quantitative macroeconomic models, as well as through analysis from pnc's economists and management's judgment in qualitatively assessing the acl.
the reversion period is used to bridge our three-year reasonable and supportable forecast period and the long-run average expected credit losses. we may consider a number of factors in determining the duration of the reversion period, such as contractual maturity of the asset, observed historical patterns and the estimated credit loss rates at the end of the forecast period relative to the beginning of the long run average period. the reversion period is typically 1-3 years, if not immediate.
the long-run average expected credit losses are derived from our available historical credit information. we use long-run average expected loss for the portfolio over the estimated remaining contractual term beyond our reasonable and supportable forecast period and the reversion period.
the following discussion provides additional information related to our reserves under cecl for loans and leases as well as unfunded lending related commitments. see note 1 accounting policies for further discussion on our acl, including details of the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k our methodologies and discussion of the allowances for investment securities and other financial assets. see also the critical accounting estimates and judgments section for further discussion of the assumptions used in the determination of the acl.
allowance for loan and lease losses our pooled expected credit loss methodology is based upon the quantification of pd, lgd, ead and the remaining estimated contractual term for a loan, loan segment or lease. we also consider the impact of prepayments and amortization on contractual maturity in our expected loss estimates. we use historical data, current borrower characteristics and forecasted economic variables in quantitative methods to estimate these risk parameters by loan, loan segment or lease. pds represent a quantification of risk that a borrower may not be able to pay their contractual obligation over a defined period of time. lgd describes the estimate of potential loss if a borrower were to default, and ead (or utilization rates for revolving loans) is the estimated balance outstanding at the time of default. these parameters are calculated for each forecasted scenario and are combined to generate expected loss estimates by scenario in proportion to the scenario weights.
we use a discounted cash flow methodology for our consumer real estate related loan classes and for certain tdr loans. for non-tdr residential real estate loans and lines, we determine effective interest rates considering contractual cash flows adjusted for prepayments and market interest rates. we then determine the net present value of expected cash flows and alll by discounting contractual cash flows adjusted for both prepayments and expected credit losses using the effective interest rates.
for loans and leases that do not share similar risk characteristics with a pool of loans, we establish individually assessed reserves using methods prescribed by gaap. reserves for individual commercial nonperforming loans and commercial nonperforming tdrs exceeding a defined dollar threshold are based on an analysis of the present value of the loan's expected future cash flows or the fair value of the collateral, if appropriate under our policy for collateral dependent loans. commercial nonperforming loans that are below the defined threshold and accruing tdrs are collectively reserved for, as we believe these loans continue to share similar risk characteristics. for consumer nonperforming loans classified as collateral dependent, charge-off and alll related to recovery of amounts previously charged-off are evaluated through an analysis of the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
while our reserve methodologies strive to reflect all relevant credit risk factors, there continues to be uncertainty associated with, but not limited to, potential imprecision in the estimation process due to the inherent time lag of obtaining information and normal variations between expected and actual outcomes. we may hold additional reserves that are designed to provide coverage for losses attributable to such risks. a portion of the allowance is related to qualitative measurement factors. these factors may include, but are not limited to, the following:
•industry concentrations and conditions,
•changes in market conditions, including regulatory and legal requirements,
•recent credit quality trends,
•limitations of available input data, including historical loss information and recent data such as collateral values,
•model imprecision and limitations,
•changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in loss recognition and mitigation policies and procedures, and
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments we maintain the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments on off-balance sheet credit exposures that are not unconditionally cancelable, (e.g., unfunded loan commitments, letters of credit and certain financial guarantees) at a level we believe is appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on these exposures. other than the estimation of the probability of funding, this reserve is estimated in a manner similar to the methodology used for determining reserves for loans and leases. the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments is recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet. net adjustments to this reserve are included in the provision for credit losses.
table 25: allowance for credit losses by loan class (a)
home equity                                                                 274                            25,983                  1.05       %                      149                            24,061                  0.62       %
credit card                                                                 748                             7,069                 10.58       %                      712                             6,626                 10.75       %
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments                          694                                                                                      662
allowance for credit losses                                              $5,435                                                                                   $5,530
allowance for credit losses to total loans                                                                                         1.67       %                                                                             1.92       %
(a)        excludes allowances for investment securities and other financial assets, which together totaled $176 million and $171 million at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
home equity                                      15                         71                                     (56)                                  (0.23)        %
credit card                                     256                         51                                      205                                    3.09        %
home equity                                      20                         86                                     (66)                                  (0.27)        %
credit card                                     256                         46                                      210                                    3.39        %
see note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses for additional information.
liquidity and capital management liquidity risk has two fundamental components. the first is potential loss assuming we were unable to meet our funding requirements at a reasonable cost. the second is the potential inability to operate our businesses because adequate contingent liquidity is not available. we manage liquidity risk at the consolidated company level (bank, parent company and all subsidiaries combined) to help ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal "business as usual" and stressful circumstances, and to help ensure that we maintain an appropriate level of contingent liquidity.
management monitors liquidity through a series of early warning indicators that may indicate a potential market, or pnc-specific, liquidity stress event. in addition, management performs a set of liquidity stress tests over multiple time horizons with varying levels of severity and maintains a contingency funding plan to address a potential liquidity stress event. in the most severe liquidity stress simulation, we assume that our liquidity position is under pressure, while the market in general is under systemic pressure. the simulation considers, among other things, the impact of restricted access to both secured and unsecured external sources of funding, accelerated runoff of customer deposits, valuation pressure on assets and heavy demand to fund committed obligations. parent company liquidity guidelines are designed to help ensure that sufficient liquidity is available to meet our parent company obligations over the succeeding 24-month period. liquidity-related risk limits are established within our enterprise liquidity management policy the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k and supporting policies. management committees, including the asset and liability committee, and the board of directors and its risk committee regularly review compliance with key established limits.
in addition to these liquidity monitoring measures and tools described above, we also monitor our liquidity by reference to the lcr, which is calculated on a daily basis, and the nsfr which are further described in the supervision and regulation section in item 1 business of this report.
we provide additional information regarding regulatory liquidity requirements and their potential impact on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
sources of liquidity our largest source of liquidity on a consolidated basis is the customer deposit base generated by our banking businesses. these deposits provide relatively stable and low-cost funding. total deposits decreased to $436.3 billion at december 31, 2022 from $457.3 billion at december 31, 2021 and included a shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing deposits in 2022, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. see the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this item 7 for additional information related to our deposits. additionally, certain assets determined by us to be liquid as well as unused borrowing capacity from a number of sources are also available to manage our liquidity position.
at december 31, 2022, our liquid assets consisted of cash and due from banks and short-term investments (federal funds sold, resale agreements, trading securities and interest-earning deposits with banks) totaling $37.8 billion and securities available for sale totaling $44.2 billion. the level of liquid assets fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loan and deposit growth and balance sheet management activities. pnc pledges securities as collateral to secure public and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes. pledged securities included $25.3 billion of securities held to maturity and an immaterial amount of available for sale and trading securities.
we also obtain liquidity through various forms of funding, including long-term debt (senior notes, subordinated debt and fhlb borrowings) and short-term borrowings (securities sold under repurchase agreements, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings). see note 10 borrowed funds and the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this item 7 for additional information related to our borrowings.
total senior and subordinated debt, on a consolidated basis, decreased during 2022 due to the following activity:
calls and maturities         (7.3)
bank liquidity under pnc bank's 2014 bank note program, as amended, pnc bank may from time to time offer up to $40.0 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time of its unsecured senior and subordinated notes with maturity dates more than nine months (in the case of senior notes) and five years or more (in the case of subordinated notes) from their date of issue. at december 31, 2022, pnc bank had $8.5 billion of notes outstanding under this program of which $4.7 billion were senior notes and $3.8 billion were subordinated notes.
table 28: pnc bank notes issued issuance date           amount               description of issuance december 2, 2022        $200 million         $200 million in aggregate principal amount of its senior floating rate notes due december 2, 2024. interest is payable monthly in arrears at a floating rate per annum of the one-month bsby, plus 0.700% on the second day of each month from january 2, 2023 to the maturity date of december 2, 2024.
table 29: pnc bank notes redeemed redemption date                     amount                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  description of redemption january 18, 2022             $1.25 billion          all outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of february 17, 2022. the securities had a distribution rate of 2.625%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of january 18, 2022.
february 24, 2022             $1.0 billion                                             all outstanding senior floating rate bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of february 24, 2023. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of february 24, 2022.
february 24, 2022             $500 million         all outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of february 24, 2023. the securities had a distribution rate of 1.743%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of february 24, 2022.
may 31, 2022                  $750 million                  all outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of june 29, 2022. the securities had a distribution rate of 2.875%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of may 31, 2022.
june 28, 2022                 $750 million                 all outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of july 28, 2022. the securities had a distribution rate of 2.450%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of june 28, 2022.
pnc bank maintains additional secured borrowing capacity with the fhlb-pittsburgh and through the federal reserve bank discount window. the federal reserve bank, however, is not viewed as a primary means of funding our routine business activities, but rather as a potential source of liquidity in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. at december 31, 2022, our unused secured borrowing capacity at the fhlb-pittsburgh and the federal reserve bank totaled $67.2 billion.
pnc bank has the ability to offer up to $10.0 billion of its commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2022, there were no issuances outstanding under this program.
additionally, pnc bank may access funding from the parent company through deposits placed at the bank or through issuing senior unsecured notes.
parent company liquidity in addition to managing liquidity risk at the bank level, we monitor the parent company's liquidity. the parent company's contractual obligations consist primarily of debt service related to parent company borrowings and funding non-bank affiliates. additionally, the parent company maintains liquidity to fund discretionary activities such as paying dividends to our shareholders, share repurchases and acquisitions.
as of december 31, 2022, available parent company liquidity totaled $9.6 billion. parent company liquidity is held in intercompany cash and investments. for investments with longer durations, the related maturities are aligned with scheduled cash needs, such as the maturity of parent company debt obligations.
the principal source of parent company liquidity is the dividends or other capital distributions it receives from pnc bank, which may be impacted by the following:
•bank-level capital needs,
•laws, regulations and the results of supervisory activities,
there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of a national bank to pay dividends or make other capital distributions or to extend credit to the parent company or its non-bank subsidiaries. the amount available for dividend payments by pnc bank to the parent company without prior regulatory approval was $3.5 billion at december 31, 2022. see note 20 regulatory matters for further discussion of these limitations.
in addition to dividends from pnc bank, other sources of parent company liquidity include cash and investments, as well as dividends and loan repayments from other subsidiaries and dividends or distributions from equity investments. we can also generate liquidity for the parent company and pnc's non-bank subsidiaries through the issuance of debt and equity securities, including certain capital instruments, in public or private markets and commercial paper. as authorized by the board of directors, the parent company has the ability to offer up to $5.0 billion of commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2022, there were no commercial paper issuances outstanding.
table 30: parent company notes issued issuance date                       amount                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   description of issuance june 6, 2022                  $850 million                                $850 million of subordinated fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of june 6, 2033. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 4.626% per annum, on june 6 and december 6 of each year, beginning on december 6, 2022. beginning on june 6, 2032, interest is payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to compounded sofr (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the sofr index as described in the prospectus supplement), plus 1.850%, on september 6, 2032, december 6, 2032, march 6, 2033 and at the maturity date.
october 28, 2022              $1.0 billion                                  $1.0 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of october 28, 2025. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 5.671% per annum, on april 28 and october 28 of each year, beginning on april 28, 2023. beginning on october 28, 2024, interest is payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to compounded sofr (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the sofr index as described in the prospectus supplement), plus 1.09%, on january 28, 2025, april 28, 2025, july 28, 2025 and at the maturity date.
october 28, 2022              $1.5 billion         $1.5 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of october 28, 2033. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 6.037% per annum, on april 28 and october 28 of each year, beginning on april 28, 2023. beginning on october 28, 2032, interest is payable on the 2033 senior notes quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to compounded sofr (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the sofr index as described in the prospectus supplement), plus 2.14%, on january 28, 2033, april 28, 2033, july 28, 2033 and at the maturity date.
december 2, 2022              $1.0 billion                                       $1.0 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of december 2, 2028. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 5.354% per annum, on june 2 and december 2 of each year, beginning on june 2, 2023. beginning on december 2, 2027, interest is payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to compounded sofr (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the sofr index as described in the prospectus supplement), plus 1.62%, on march 2, 2028, june 2, 2028, september 2, 2028 and at the maturity date.
see note 25 subsequent events for details on the parent company's issuance of $1.25 billion of its 4.758% senior fixed-to-floating rate notes that mature on january 26, 2027 and $1.5 billion of its 5.068% senior fixed-to-floating rate notes that mature on january 24, 2034.
table 31: parent company notes redeemed redemption date         amount               description of redemption february 7, 2022        $1.0 billion         $1.0 billion of senior notes with a maturity date of march 8, 2022. the securities had a distribution rate of 3.30%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of february 7, 2022.
parent company senior and subordinated debt outstanding totaled $13.1 billion at december 31, 2022 compared with $11.4 billion at december 31, 2021.
contractual obligations and other commitments we enter into various contractual arrangements in the normal course of business, certain of which require future payments that could impact our liquidity and capital resources. these obligations include commitments to extend credit, outstanding letters of credit, customer deposits, borrowed funds, operating lease payments and future pension and post-retirement benefits. for further discussion related to these contractual obligations and other commitments, see note 7 leases, note 9 time deposits, note 10 borrowed funds, note 11 commitments and note 17 employee benefit plans.
credit ratings pnc's credit ratings affect the cost and availability of short and long-term funding, collateral requirements for certain derivative instruments and the ability to offer certain products.
in general, rating agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, level and quality of earnings, and the current legislative and regulatory environment, including implied government support. a decrease, or potential decrease, in credit ratings could impact access to the capital markets and/or increase the cost of debt, and thereby adversely affect liquidity and financial condition.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k the following table presents credit ratings for pnc and pnc bank as of december 31, 2022:
table 32: credit ratings for pnc and pnc bank december 31, 2022
moody's        standard &amp; poor's         fitch pnc senior debt                a3             a-                            a subordinated debt          a3             bbb+                          a-
subordinated debt          a3             a-                            a long-term deposits         aa3            a                             aa-
short-term deposits        p-1            a-1                           f1+
capital management we manage our funding and capital positions by making adjustments to our balance sheet size and composition, issuing or redeeming debt, issuing equity or other capital instruments, executing treasury stock transactions and capital redemptions or repurchases and managing dividend policies and retaining earnings.
on april 26, 2022, pnc issued 1,000,000 depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of 6.000% fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series u, with a par value of $1 per share.
on august 19, 2022, pnc issued 1,250,000 depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of 6.200% fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series v, with a par value of $1 per share.
on november 1, 2022, pnc redeemed all 15,000 shares of its series p preferred stock, as well as all 60 million depositary shares each representing fractional interest in such shares.
in 2022, we returned $6.0 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends on common shares of $2.4 billion and repurchases of 21.2 million common shares for $3.6 billion. consistent with the scb framework, which allows for capital return in amounts in excess of the scb minimum levels, our board of directors has authorized a repurchase framework under the repurchase program approved on april 4, 2019 of up to 100 million common shares, of which approximately 49% were still available for repurchase at december 31, 2022. under this framework, pnc expects quarterly repurchases of up to $500 million with the ability to adjust those levels as conditions warrant. pnc's scb for the four-quarter period beginning october 1, 2022 is 2.9%.
on january 4, 2023, the pnc board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.50 per share. the dividend, with a payment date of february 5, 2023, was paid on the next business day.
see the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business in this report for further information concerning the ccar and dfast process and the factors the federal reserve takes into consideration in its evaluation of capital plans.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k table 33: basel iii capital december 31, 2022
common equity tier 1 capital common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock                $(3,372)                           $(3,372)
goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                    (10,758)                           (10,758)
other disallowed intangibles, net of deferred tax liabilities              (380)                              (380)
common equity tier 1 capital (c)                                         $39,685                            $38,961
additional tier 1 capital preferred stock plus related surplus                                       5,746                              5,746
tier 1 capital                                                           $45,431                            $44,707
additional tier 2 capital qualifying subordinated debt                                               3,544                              3,544
eligible credit reserves includable in tier 2 capital                      4,465                              5,180
total basel iii capital                                                  $53,440                            $53,431
basel iii risk-based capital and leverage ratios (f)
common equity tier 1                                                         9.1      %                         8.9             %
(a)the ratios are calculated to reflect pnc's election to adopt the cecl five-year transition provisions. effective for the first quarter 2022, pnc is now in the three-year transition period and the full impact of the cecl standard is being phased-in to regulatory capital through december 31, 2024.
(b)the ratios are calculated to reflect the full impact of cecl and excludes the benefits of the optional five-year transition.
(c)as permitted, pnc and pnc bank have elected to exclude aoci related to both available for sale securities and pension and other post-retirement plans from cet1 capital.
(d)basel iii standardized approach weighted-assets are based on the basel iii standardized approach rules and include credit and market risk-weighted assets.
(e)the supplementary leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by supplementary leverage exposure, which takes into account the quarterly average of both on balance sheet assets as well as certain off-balance sheet items, including loan commitments and potential future exposure under derivative contracts.
(f)all ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to pnc and calculated based on the standardized approach.
(g)leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly adjusted total assets.
pnc's regulatory risk-based capital ratios are calculated using the standardized approach for determining risk-weighted assets. under the standardized approach for determining credit risk-weighted assets, exposures are generally assigned a pre-defined risk weight. exposures to high volatility commercial real estate, nonaccruals, tdrs, past due exposures and equity exposures are generally subject to higher risk weights than other types of exposures.
the regulatory agencies have adopted a rule permitting certain banks, including pnc, to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from implementing cecl. cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital, as defined by the rule, is the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25% of the change in cecl acl at the balance sheet date, excluding the allowance for pcd loans, compared to cecl acl at adoption. effective for the first quarter of 2022, pnc is now in the three-year transition period, and the full impact of the cecl standard is being phased-in to regulatory capital through december 31, 2024. see additional discussion of this rule in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors .
at december 31, 2022, pnc and pnc bank were considered "well capitalized," based on applicable u.s. regulatory capital ratio requirements. to qualify as "well capitalized", pnc must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6% for tier 1 risk-based capital and 10% for total risk-based capital, and pnc bank must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6.5% for cet1 risk-based capital, 8% for tier 1 risk-based capital, 10% for total risk-based capital and a leverage ratio of at least 5%.
federal banking regulators have stated that they expect the largest u.s. bhcs, including pnc, to have a level of regulatory capital well in excess of the regulatory minimum and have required the largest u.s. bhcs, including pnc, to have a capital buffer sufficient to withstand losses and allow them to meet the credit needs of their customers through estimated stress scenarios. we seek to manage our capital consistent with these regulatory principles and believe that our december 31, 2022 capital levels were aligned with them.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k we provide additional information regarding regulatory capital requirements and some of their potential impacts on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business, item 1a risk factors and note 20 regulatory matters.
market risk management market risk is the risk of a loss in earnings or economic value due to adverse movements in market factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. we are exposed to market risk primarily by our involvement in the following activities, among others:
•traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans,
•fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange activities, as a result of customer activities, securities underwriting and our investment portfolio, and
•other investments, including equity and activities whose economic values are directly impacted by market factors.
we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. market risk management provides independent oversight by monitoring compliance with established guidelines and reporting significant risks in the business to management committees and, where appropriate, the risk committee of the board of directors.
market risk management - interest rate risk interest rate risk results primarily from our traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans. many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences, affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets and the interest that we pay on liabilities and the level of our noninterest-bearing funding sources. due to the repricing term mismatches and embedded options inherent in certain of these products, changes in market interest rates not only affect expected near-term earnings, but also the economic values of these assets and liabilities.
our asset and liability management group centrally manages interest rate risk as prescribed in our risk management policies, which are approved by management's asset and liability committee and the risk committee of the board of directors.
sensitivity results and market interest rate benchmarks for the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021 follow:
table 34: interest sensitivity analysis fourth quarter 2022                 fourth quarter 2021
net interest income sensitivity simulation (a)
(a)due to the prevailing low interest rate environment during the covid-19 pandemic, the reporting of net interest income sensitivities for the 100 basis point decrease scenario was suspended from the first quarter of 2020 to the first quarter of 2022.
in addition to measuring the effect on net interest income assuming parallel changes in current interest rates, we routinely simulate the effects of a number of nonparallel interest rate environments. table 35 reflects the estimated percentage change in net interest income over the next two 12-month periods assuming (i) pnc's most likely rate forecast, (ii) implied market forward rates and (iii) a yield curve slope flattening (a 100 basis point yield curve slope flattening between one-month and ten-year rates superimposed on current base rates) scenario.
table 35: net interest income sensitivity to alternative rate scenarios december 31, 2022
pnc                        market                  slope economist                  forward                 flattening first year sensitivity        0.1         %     2.0                %             (0.6)       %
second year sensitivity       (2.5)       %              (1.6)     %             (2.6)       %
when forecasting net interest income, we make assumptions about interest rates and the shape of the yield curve, the volume and characteristics of new business and the behavior of existing on- and off-balance sheet positions. these assumptions determine the the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k future level of simulated net interest income in the base interest rate scenario and the other interest rate scenarios presented in tables 34 and 35. these simulations assume that as assets and liabilities mature, they are replaced or repriced at then-current market rates.
table 36: alternate interest rate scenarios: one year forward the fourth quarter 2022 interest sensitivity analyses indicate that our consolidated balance sheet is positioned to benefit from an increase in interest rates and an upward sloping interest rate yield curve. we believe that we have the deposit funding base and balance sheet flexibility to adjust, where appropriate and permissible, to changing interest rates and market conditions.
libor transition as discussed in item 1a risk factors, the scheduled cessation of the requirement that banks submit rates for the calculation of libor after june 30, 2023, presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held, or serviced by pnc that use libor as a reference rate. pnc holds instruments and services its instruments and instruments owned by others that may be impacted by the likely cessation of libor, including loans, investments, hedging products, floating-rate obligations and other financial instruments that use libor as a reference rate. the transition from libor as an interest rate benchmark will subject pnc, like other financial participants, to financial, legal, operational and reputational risks.
in order to address libor cessation and the associated risks, pnc has established a cross-functional governance structure to oversee the overall strategy for the transition from libor and mitigate risks associated with the transition.
•engaging with pnc clients, industry working groups, and regulators,
•monitoring developments associated with libor alternatives and industry practices related to libor-indexed instruments, and
•providing periodic regulator updates to the federal reserve, occ and fdic examination staff regarding pnc's libor cessation and transition plans.
as of december 31, 2021, pnc bank ceased entering into new contracts with a libor reference rate, except on a limited basis, as permissible. pnc is offering conforming adjustable-rate mortgages using sofr instead of usd libor, in line with fannie mae and freddie mac requirements, nonconforming adjustable-rate residential mortgages using sofr and private education loans using prime.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k alternative rates, primarily sofr and bsby, are currently offered to our corporate and commercial customers. the focus for 2022 was planning for the cessation event in 2023 for all lines of business. corporate & institutional banking continues its efforts of amending contracts with inadequate fallback language, working on systems enhancements, and continuing with client outreach and education.
the federal reserve adopted a final rule effective february 27, 2023 that implements the adjustable interest rate libor act (the "act") by identifying benchmark rates based on sofr that will replace libor in certain financial contracts after june 30, 2023. the final rule helps ensure that libor contracts adopting a benchmark rate selected by the federal reserve will not be interrupted or terminated following libor's replacement. the final rule identifies replacement benchmark rates based on sofr to replace overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month, and 12-month libor contracts subject to the act. these contracts include u.s. contracts that do not mature before publication of libor ends june 30, 2023, and that lack adequate fallback provisions that would replace libor with a practicable replacement benchmark rate.
as of december 31, 2022, pnc had approximately $60.6 billion in loans and securities and $332.9 billion notional value in derivatives tied to libor that mature after june 30, 2023. pnc is actively working to address contracts without an alternative rate or sufficient fallbacks in advance of cessation; however, pnc does expect to leverage the libor act for its intended purpose, to address difficult exposures when necessary. we anticipate these exposures to be a small subset of our overall portfolio.
market risk management - customer-related trading risk we engage in fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange transactions to support our customers' investing and hedging activities. these transactions, related hedges and the credit valuation adjustment related to our customer derivatives portfolio are marked-to-market daily and reported as customer-related trading activities. we do not engage in proprietary trading of these products.
we use var as the primary means to measure and monitor market risk in customer-related trading activities. var is used to estimate the probability of portfolio losses based on the statistical analysis of historical market risk factors. a diversified var reflects empirical correlations across different asset classes. we calculate a diversified var at a 95% confidence interval and the results for 2022 and 2021 were within our acceptable limits.
to help ensure the integrity of the models used to calculate var for each portfolio and enterprise-wide, we use a process known as backtesting. the backtesting process consists of comparing actual observations of gains or losses against the var levels that were calculated at the close of the prior day. our var measure assumes that exposures remain constant and that recent market variability is a good predictor of future variability. actual observations include customer-related revenue and intraday hedging, which helps to reduce losses and can reduce the number of instances actual losses exceed the prior day var measure. there were no instances during 2022 and 2021 under our diversified var measure where actual losses exceeded the prior-day var measure. our portfolio and enterprise-wide var models utilize a historical approach with a 500-day look-back period.
customer-related trading revenue was $382 million in 2022 compared with $372 million in 2021 and is recorded in other noninterest income and other interest income on our consolidated income statement. the increase was primarily due to higher foreign exchange and derivative client sales revenues, partially offset by the impact of the changes in credit valuations for customer-related derivative activities.
market risk management - equity and other investment risk equity investment risk is the risk of potential losses associated with investing in both private and public equity markets. in addition to extending credit, taking deposits, underwriting securities and trading financial instruments, we make and manage direct investments in a variety of transactions, including management buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings in a variety of industries. we also have investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds that make similar investments in private equity, consistent with regulatory limitations. the economic and/or book value of these investments and other assets are directly affected by changes in market factors.
various pnc business units manage our equity and other investment activities. our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines.
a summary of our equity investments follows:
table 37: equity investments summary dollars in millions                   december 31 2022                 december 31 2021                            change
tax credit investments                  $4,308                           $3,954              $354                   9   %
private equity and other                 4,129                            4,226              (97)                 (2)   %
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k tax credit investments included in our equity investments are direct tax credit investments and tax credit equity investments held by consolidated entities. these tax credit investment balances included unfunded commitments totaling $2.5 billion and $2.2 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. these unfunded commitments are included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
note 5 loan sale and servicing activities and variable interest entities has further information on tax credit investments.
private equity and other the largest component of our other equity investments is our private equity portfolio. the private equity portfolio is an illiquid portfolio consisting of mezzanine and equity investments that vary by industry, stage and type of investment. private equity investments carried at estimated fair value totaled $1.8 billion at both december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. as of december 31, 2022, $1.6 billion was invested directly in a variety of companies, and $0.2 billion was invested indirectly through various private equity funds. see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report for discussion of the volcker rule limitations on our interests in and relationships with private funds.
included in our other equity investments are visa class b common shares, which are recorded at cost. visa class b common shares that we own are transferable only under limited circumstances until they can be converted into shares of the publicly-traded class a common shares, which cannot happen until the resolution of the pending interchange litigation. based upon the december 31, 2022 per share closing price of $207.76 for a visa class a common share, the estimated value of our total investment in the class b common shares was approximately $1.2 billion at the current conversion rate of visa b shares to visa a shares, while our cost basis was insignificant. see note 15 fair value and note 21 legal proceedings for additional information regarding our visa agreements. the estimated value does not represent fair value of the visa b common shares given the shares' limited transferability and the lack of observable transactions in the marketplace.
we also have certain other equity investments, the majority of which represent investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds with both traditional and alternative investment strategies. net gains related to these investments were $45 million in 2022 and $50 million in 2021.
impact of inflation our assets and liabilities are primarily financial in nature and typically have varying maturity dates. accordingly, future changes in prices do not affect the obligations to pay or receive fixed and determinable amounts of money. however, during periods of inflation, there may be a subsequent impact affecting certain fixed costs or expenses, an erosion of consumer and customer purchasing power, and fluctuations in the need or demand for our products and services. when significant levels of inflation occur, our business could potentially be impacted by, among other things, reducing our tolerance for extending credit or causing us to incur additional credit losses resulting from possible increased default rates. throughout most of 2022, inflation continued to rise but started to slow toward the end of the year. the federal reserve monetary policy has tightened with the intent to slow inflation, which has led to larger increases in interest rates. see risk factors in item 1a, our executive summary and cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements in this item 7 for further discussion of inflation and its overall impact to the economy, our borrowers' ability to repay their obligations and certain costs and expenses to pnc.
financial derivatives we use a variety of financial derivatives as part of the overall asset and liability risk management process to help manage exposure to market (primarily interest rate) and credit risk inherent in our business activities. we also enter into derivatives with customers to facilitate their risk management activities.
financial derivatives involve, to varying degrees, market and credit risk. derivatives represent contracts between parties that usually require little or no initial net investment and result in one party delivering cash or another type of asset to the other party based on a notional amount and an underlying as specified in the contract. therefore, cash requirements and exposure to credit risk are significantly less than the notional amount on these instruments.
not all elements of market and credit risk are addressed through the use of financial derivatives, and such instruments may be ineffective for their intended purposes due to unanticipated market changes, among other reasons.
operational risk management operational risk is the risk to the current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct or adverse external events. operational risk is inherent to the entire organization.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k operational risk management is embedded in our culture and decision-making processes through a systematic approach whereby operational risks and exposures are: (i) identified and assessed; (ii) managed through the design and implementation of controls; (iii) measured and evaluated against our risk tolerance limits; and (iv) appropriately reported to management and the risk committee of the board of directors. strong operational risk management and well-informed risk-based decisions benefit us by improving the customer experience, enhancing compliance, reducing reputational risk, minimizing losses and establishing an appropriate amount of required operational risk capital held by us.
the operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk. the primary purpose of the framework is to enable us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. additionally, the guidance established within the framework assists management in making well-informed risk-based business decisions.
the framework provides a disciplined and structured process for us to manage operational risk across eight operational risk domains. these domains provide a comprehensive view of operational risk and allow us to discuss operational risk in a standard way, facilitating reporting and ongoing risk mitigation.
•compliance: risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, self-regulatory standards or other regulatory requirements.
•data management: risk associated with incomplete or inaccurate data.
•model: risk associated with the design, implementation and ongoing use and management of models.
•technology and systems: risk associated with the use, operation and adoption of technology.
•information security: risk resulting from the failure to protect information and ensure appropriate access to, and use and handling of, information assets.
•business continuity: risk of potential disruptive events to business activities.
•third party: risk arising from failure of third-party providers to conduct activity in a safe and sound manner and in compliance with contract provisions and applicable laws and regulations.
we utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk and control self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event reviews and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. program tools and methodology assist our business managers in identifying potential risks and control gaps.
lines of business are responsible for identifying, owning, managing and monitoring the operational risks and controls associated with their business activities and product or service offerings to within acceptable levels. centralized functions, such as business continuity, enterprise third party management and information security, are responsible for the development, implementation and management of their individual programs and for the development and maintenance of the policies, procedures, methodologies, tools and technology utilized across the enterprise to identify, assess, monitor and report program risks. additionally, independent risk management reviews and challenges line of business adherence to the framework to help ensure proper controls are in place and appropriate risk mitigation plans are established as necessary.
conduct, reputational and strategic risk pnc's risk culture seeks to reinforce the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior through sound processes and controls. in order to promote a robust risk culture, the board and executive management establish code of conduct and professional standards to which all employees must adhere. a strong risk culture discourages misconduct and supports conduct risk management at pnc. conduct risk is defined as the risk that employees fail to comply with the ethical standards expected of them. strong conduct risk management is important in supporting pnc's reputation, and pnc maintains a corporate culture that emphasizes complying with laws, regulations, and managing reputational risks. reputational risk is the risk to the franchise and/or shareholder value based on a negative perception of pnc by its stakeholders and/or the changing expectations of its stakeholders. strategic risk is another component of the erm framework that is also critical to optimizing shareholder returns. strategic risk is the risk to earnings that may arise from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions and/or inadequate response to changes in the business environment. strategic risk is considered and assessed by our businesses in the annual strategic planning processes and monitored on an on-going basis as those plans are carried out.
compliance risk enterprise compliance is responsible for oversight of compliance risk for the organization. compliance issues are identified and tracked through enterprise-wide monitoring and testing activities. compliance risk issues are escalated through a comprehensive risk reporting process at both a business and enterprise level and incorporated, as appropriate, into the development and assessment of our operational risk profile. a management committee, chaired by the chief compliance officer, is responsible for oversight of compliance and fiduciary risk management programs across pnc. enterprise compliance, through the regulatory change program, the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k helps pnc understand and proactively address emerging regulatory topics and risks as well as respond to changes in applicable laws and regulations. to understand emerging issues impacting the industry, enterprise compliance communicates regularly with various regulators having supervisory or regulatory responsibilities with respect to us, our subsidiaries, or businesses and participates in forums focused on regulatory and compliance matters in the financial services industry.
information security risk the information security component of our operational risk management framework is responsible for protecting information assets to achieve business objectives, which includes cybersecurity. pnc's cybersecurity program is designed to identify risks to sensitive information, protect that information, detect threats and events and maintain an appropriate response and recovery capability to help ensure resilience against information security incidents. the program includes, among other things, annual security and privacy training for all pnc employees and quarterly phishing exercises to raise employee awareness. our security program is also regularly examined by federal regulators for compliance with financial regulations and standards. the program also establishes expectations for information asset management, system development security, identity and access management, incident management, threat and vulnerability management, security operations management and third- and fourth-party security.
critical accounting estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared by applying certain accounting policies. note 1 accounting policies describes the most significant accounting policies that we use. certain of these policies require us to make estimates or economic assumptions that may vary under different assumptions or conditions, and such variations may significantly affect our reported results and financial position for the period or in future periods.
allowance for credit losses we maintain the acl at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases, other financial assets and unfunded lending related commitments, for the remaining contractual term of the assets or exposures, taking into consideration expected prepayments and estimated recoveries. our determination of the acl is based on historical loss and performance experience, as well as current borrower and transaction characteristics including collateral type and quality, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors. we use methods sensitive to changes in economic conditions to interpret these factors and to estimate expected credit losses. we evaluate and, when appropriate, enhance the quality of our data and models and other methods used to estimate acl on an ongoing basis. we incorporate qualitative factors in the acl that reflect our best estimate of expected losses that may not be adequately represented in our quantitative methods or economic assumptions. the major drivers of acl estimates include, but are not limited to:
•current economic conditions: our forecast of expected losses depends on economic conditions as of the estimation date. as current economic conditions evolve, forecasted losses could be materially affected.
•scenario weights and design: our loss estimates are sensitive to the shape, direction and rate of change of macroeconomic forecasts and thus vary significantly between upside and downside scenarios. change to probability weights assigned to these scenarios and timing of peak business cycles reflected by the scenarios could materially affect our loss estimates.
•current borrower quality: our forecast of expected losses depends on current borrower and transaction characteristics, including credit metrics and collateral type/quality. as borrower quality evolves, forecasted losses could be materially affected.
•portfolio volume and mix: changes to portfolio volume and mix could materially affect our estimates, as cecl reserves would be recognized upon origination or acquisition and derecognized upon paydown, maturity or sale.
for all assets and unfunded lending related commitments within the scope of the cecl standard, the applicable acl is composed of one or a combination of the following components: (i) collectively assessed or pooled reserves, (ii) individually assessed reserves, and
(iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves. our methodologies and key assumptions for each of these components are discussed in note 1 accounting policies.
reasonable and supportable economic forecast under the cecl standard, we are required to consider reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating expected credit losses. for this purpose, we have established a framework that includes a three-year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios with associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes. credit losses estimated in our reasonable and supportable forecast period are sensitive to the shape and severity of the scenarios used and weights assigned to them.
to generate the four economic forecast scenarios we use a combination of quantitative macroeconomic models, other measures of economic activity and forward-looking expert judgment to forecast the distribution of economic outcomes over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. each scenario is then given an associated probability (weight) in order to represent our current expectation within that distribution over the forecast period. this process is informed by current economic conditions, expected business cycle the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k evolution and the expert judgment of pnc's rac. this approach seeks to provide a reasonable representation of the forecast of expected economic outcomes and is used to estimate expected credit losses across a variety of loans and securities. each quarter the scenarios are presented to rac for approval, and the committee determines and approves cecl scenarios' weights for use for the current reporting period.
the scenarios used for the period ended december 31, 2022 reflect an increase in downside risk compared to december 31, 2021. the current outlook considers the inflationary pressures that have broadened and intensified since the start of 2022, along with the fact that the fomc raised interest rates more aggressively than what was expected at december 31, 2021, increasing the risk of a broader-ranged economic slowdown. our most-likely expectation at december 31, 2022 is that the u.s. economy enters a mild recession in 2023.
we used a number of economic variables in our scenarios, with two of the most significant drivers being real gdp and the u.s. unemployment rate. the following table presents a comparison of these two economic variables based on the weighted-average scenario forecasts used in determining our acl at december 31, 2022 and 2021.
real gdp growth is expected to decline 0.4% in 2023 on a weighted average basis, driven primarily by our most likely scenario that the u.s. economy enters a mild recession during the year. growth rises to 1.4% in 2024, before growing to 1.9% in 2025. in line with the slowing in overall economic activity, the weighted average unemployment rate is expected to increase throughout 2023, peaking at 5.1% during the first half of 2024 and gradually improving to 4.4% by the fourth quarter of 2025.
the current state of the economy reflects an environment with receding covid-19 related risks, but heightened uncertainty remains due to structural and secular changes fostered by the pandemic for certain sectors of the economy combined with inflation, rising interest rates and ongoing supply chain pressures. as such, for both our commercial and consumer loan portfolios, pnc identified and performed significant analysis around segments impacted by such uncertainties to ensure our reserves are adequate, given our current macroeconomic expectations.
we believe the economic scenarios effectively reflect the distribution of potential economic outcomes. additionally, through in-depth and granular analysis we have addressed reserve requirements for the specific populations most affected in the current environment. through this approach, we believe the reserve levels appropriately reflect the expected credit losses in the portfolio as of the balance sheet date.
to provide additional context regarding the sensitivity of the acl to a more pessimistic forecast of expected economic outcomes, we considered what our acl would be when applying a 100% probability weighting to the most severe downside cecl scenario. this severe downside scenario estimated that real gdp contracted in 2023 ending the year down 2.5% compared to 2022 levels, with growth picking up again by the end of 2024. the unemployment rate in this scenario increased to end 2023 at 6.3%, then sees a peak rate of 7.3% in the second half of 2024, before gradually improving to 6.4% by the end of 2025. excluding consideration of qualitative adjustments, this sensitivity analysis would result in a hypothetical increase in our acl of $1.6 billion at december 31, 2022. this scenario does not reflect our current expectation at december 31, 2022, nor does it capture all the potential unknown variables that could arise in the forecast period, but it provides an approximation of a possible outcome under hypothetical severe conditions. the cecl methodology inherently requires a high degree of judgment, and as a result, it is possible that we may, at another point in time, reach different conclusions regarding our credit loss estimates.
residential and commercial mortgage servicing rights we elect to measure our msrs at fair value. this election was made to be consistent with our risk management strategy to hedge changes in the fair value of these assets. the fair value of our msrs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow valuation model that the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs, and other factors which are determined based on current market conditions.
we employ risk management strategies designed to protect the value of msrs from changes in interest rates and related market factors. the values of the msrs are economically hedged with securities and derivatives, including interest-rate swaps, options, and forward mortgage-backed and futures contracts. as interest rates change, these financial instruments are expected to have changes in fair value negatively correlated to the change in fair value of the hedged msr portfolios. the hedge relationships are actively managed in response to changing market conditions over the life of the msrs. selecting appropriate financial instruments to economically hedge residential or commercial msrs requires significant management judgment to assess how mortgage rates and prepayment speeds could affect the future values of msrs. hedging results can frequently be less predictable in the short term, but over longer periods of time, they are expected to protect the economic value of the msrs.
for information on how each estimate has changed and a sensitivity analysis of the hypothetical effect of the fair value of msrs to immediate adverse changes in key assumptions, see note 6 goodwill and mortgage servicing rights. for additional information on our residential and commercial msrs, see note 1 accounting policies, note 6 goodwill and mortgage servicing rights and note 15 fair value.
we must use estimates, assumptions and judgments when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at, or adjusted to reflect, fair value. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. when observable price and third-party information is not available, we estimate fair value primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling techniques. changes in underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates in any of these valuation techniques could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations.
we apply asc 820 - fair value measurements. this guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. this guidance requires a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. the classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used in the measurement are observable or unobservable. level 3 assets and liabilities are those where the fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs. while estimating potential sensitivities around fair value measurements is inherently challenging, we provide a summary of the key unobservable inputs in note 15 fair value.
for additional information on level 3 fair value measurements, see note 15 fair value.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information we make statements in this report, and we may from time to time make other statements, regarding our outlook for financial performance, such as earnings, revenues, expenses, tax rates, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position, and other matters regarding or affecting us and our future business and operations, including our sustainability strategy, that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "believe," "plan," "expect," "anticipate," "see," "look," "intend," "outlook," "project," "forecast," "estimate," "goal," "will," "should" and other similar words and expressions.
▪our businesses, financial results and balance sheet values are affected by business and economic conditions, including:
-changes in interest rates and valuations in debt, equity and other financial markets,
-changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or legislative or regulatory initiatives,
-changes in customers', suppliers' and other counterparties' performance and creditworthiness,
-impacts of tariffs and other trade policies of the u.s. and its global trading partners,
-the length and extent of the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including those arising from actions taken to mitigate and manage it,
-impacts of changes in federal, state and local governmental policy, including on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, taxes, infrastructure spending and social programs,
-pnc's ability to attract, recruit and retain skilled employees, and
-commodity price volatility.
▪our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our views that:
-the economy continues to expand in early 2023, but economic growth is slowing in response to the ongoing federal reserve monetary policy tightening to slow inflation. this has led to large increases in both short-and long-term interest rates. with much higher mortgage rates the housing market is already in contraction, with steep drops in existing home sales and single-family housing starts, and a modest decline in house prices. other sectors where interest rates play an outsized role, such as business investment and consumer spending on durable goods, will contract in 2023.
-pnc's baseline outlook is for a recession starting in the second half of 2023, with real gdp contracting a modest 1% before recovery starts in early 2024 as the federal reserve lowers interest rates in response to a deteriorating labor market and slower inflation. the unemployment rate will increase throughout 2023, peaking at above 5% in the first half of 2024. inflation will slow with the recession and be back to the federal reserve's 2% long-term objective by early 2024.
-pnc expects the fomc to increase the federal funds rate by an additional 25 basis points in march. this would bring the federal funds rate to a range of 4.75% to 5.00% by mid-march. pnc expects a federal funds rate cut of 25 basis points in early 2024 as inflation moves toward the fomc's 2% long-term objective.
•pnc's ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to pnc meeting or exceeding an scb established by the federal reserve board in connection with the federal reserve board's ccar process.
•pnc's regulatory capital ratios in the future will depend on, among other things, the company's financial performance, the scope and terms of final capital regulations then in effect and management actions affecting the composition of pnc's balance sheet. in addition, pnc's ability to determine, evaluate and forecast regulatory capital ratios, and to take actions (such as capital distributions) based on actual or forecasted capital ratios, will be dependent at least in part on the development, validation and regulatory review of related models and the reliability of and risks resulting from extensive use of such models.
•legal and regulatory developments could have an impact on our ability to operate our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, reputation or pursuit of attractive acquisition opportunities. reputational impacts could the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2022 form 10-k affect matters such as business generation and retention, liquidity, funding, and ability to attract and retain management. these developments could include:
-changes to laws and regulations, including changes affecting oversight of the financial services industry, consumer protection, bank capital and liquidity standards, pension, bankruptcy and other industry aspects, and changes in accounting and reporting standards.
-results of the regulatory examination and supervision process, including our failure to satisfy requirements of agreements with governmental agencies.
-costs associated with obtaining rights in intellectual property claimed by others and of adequacy of our intellectual property protection in general.
•business and operating results are affected by our ability to identify and effectively manage risks inherent in our businesses, including, where appropriate, through effective use of systems and controls, third-party insurance, derivatives and capital management techniques, and to meet evolving regulatory capital and liquidity standards.
•our reputation and business and operating results may be affected by our ability to appropriately meet or address environmental, social or governance targets, goals, commitments or concerns that may arise.
•we grow our business in part through acquisitions and new strategic initiatives. risks and uncertainties include those presented by the nature of the business acquired and strategic initiative, including in some cases those associated with our entry into new businesses or new geographic or other markets and risks resulting from our inexperience in those new areas, as well as risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition transactions themselves, regulatory issues, and the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing or any failure to execute strategic or operational plans.
•competition can have an impact on customer acquisition, growth and retention and on credit spreads and product pricing, which can affect market share, deposits and revenues. our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes can also impact our ability to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands.
•business and operating results can also be affected by widespread natural and other disasters (including severe weather events), health emergencies, dislocations, geopolitical instabilities or events, terrorist activities, system failures or disruptions, security breaches, cyberattacks, international hostilities, or other extraordinary events beyond pnc's control through impacts on the economy and financial markets generally or on us or our counterparties, customers or third-party vendors and service providers specifically.
we provide greater detail regarding these as well as other factors in this report, including in item 1a risk factors, the risk management section of item 7 and note 21 legal proceedings. our forward-looking statements may also be subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the sec.