item 1a.    risk factors set forth below are material risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business and financial condition and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.
the covid-19 pandemic is continuing to cause an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chain and distribution system and the long-term impact to our business remains unknown. this is due to the numerous uncertainties that have risen from the pandemic, including the likelihood of resurgences and the emergence and spread of variants, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the continued efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the foregoing.
the covid-19 pandemic has also disrupted the global supply chain and availability of raw materials, particularly electronic parts. the disruption in the supply chain has resulted in increased freight costs, raw material costs and labor costs from the ongoing inflationary environment. our business has been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected by disruptions in our ability to timely obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and oem certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part. because the duration of the pandemic is unclear, it is difficult to forecast a precise impact on the company's future results. we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent to which covid-19 will impact our business, supply chain, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
during a prolonged period of significant market disruption in the aerospace and defense industry, such as the adverse impact that the covid-19 pandemic has had and is expected to continue to have on the commercial aerospace market, and other macroeconomic factors such as when recessions occur, our business may be disproportionately impacted compared to peer companies that are more diversified in the industries they serve. a more diversified company with significant sales and earnings derived from outside the aerospace and defense sector may be able to recover more quickly from significant market disruptions such as the covid-19 pandemic.
in fiscal year 2022, no customer individually accounted for 10% or more of the company's net sales; however, our top ten customers for fiscal year 2022 accounted for approximately 41% of our net sales. a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason, including but not limited to the covid-19 pandemic, general economic or aerospace downturn, decreased production, strike or resourcing, could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we generally do not have guaranteed future sales of our products. further, when we enter into fixed price contracts with some of our customers, we take the risk for cost overruns.
as is customary in our business, we do not generally have long-term contracts with most of our aftermarket customers and, therefore, do not have guaranteed future sales. although we have long-term contracts with many of our oem customers, many of those customers may terminate the contracts on short notice and, in most cases, our customers have not committed to buy any minimum quantity of our products. in addition, in certain cases, we must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements, and this anticipated future volume of orders may not materialize.
we also have entered into multi-year, fixed-price contracts with some of our customers, pursuant to which we have agreed to perform the work for a fixed price and, accordingly, realize all the benefit or detriment resulting from any decreases or increases in the costs of making these products. this risk is greater in a high inflationary environment, such as currently. sometimes we accept a fixed-price contract for a product that we have not yet produced, and this increases the risk of cost overruns or delays in the completion of the design and manufacturing of the product. most of our contracts do not permit us to recover increases in raw material prices, taxes or labor costs.
we intend to pursue acquisitions. our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations.
a significant portion of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. we intend to pursue acquisitions that we believe will present opportunities consistent with our overall business strategy. however, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates to purchase or may be unable to acquire desired businesses or assets on economically acceptable terms or may be unable to receive necessary regulatory approvals or support. in addition, we may not be able to raise the capital necessary to fund future acquisitions. because we may actively pursue a number of opportunities simultaneously, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, complications and delays, including regulatory complications or difficulties in employing sufficient staff and maintaining operational and management oversight.
we regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. if we consummate an acquisition, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. future acquisitions could result in margin dilution and further likely result in the incurrence of additional debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest and amortization expenses or periodic impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets as well as significant charges relating to integration costs.
acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. in addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any business we acquire into our existing business. the successful integration of new businesses, with the most significant recent acquisition being the dart aerospace acquisition in the third quarter of fiscal 2022, depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. the successful integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to service, attract customers and develop new products and services or attend to other acquisition opportunities.
our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of september 30, 2022, our total indebtedness, excluding approximately $31 million in letters of credit outstanding, was approximately $20 billion, which was 123.5% of our total book capitalization.
in addition, we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. as of september 30, 2022, we had approximately $779 million of unused commitments under our revolving credit facility. although our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing the various senior secured and senior subordinated notes outstanding (the "indentures") contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. a breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures.
an increase in our indebtedness could also have other important consequences to investors. for example, it could:
•increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development efforts and other general corporate requirements;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and
•limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens.
all of our debt under the senior secured credit facility, which includes $7.3 billion in term loans and a revolving credit facility of $810 million, bears interest at variable rates primarily based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor") for deposits of u.s. dollars. accordingly, if libor or other variable interest rates increase, our debt service expense will also increase. in order to mitigate the interest rate risk of these variable rate borrowings, we entered into interest rate swap and cap agreements that cover a significant portion of the existing variable rate debt. the company's objective is to maintain an allocation of at least 75% fixed rate and 25% variable rate debt thereby limiting its exposure to changes in near-term interest rates. as of september 30, 2022, approximately 85% of our total debt was fixed rate. for information about our interest rate swap and cap agreements, refer to note 21, "derivatives and hedging instruments," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority (the authority that regulates libor) announced that it intended to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. the discontinuation date for submission and publication of rates for the remaining tenors of usd libor (one-month, three-month, six-month and twelve-month) was subsequently extended by the ice benchmark administration (the administrator of libor) until june 30, 2023. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established such that it continues to exist after 2023. similarly, it is not possible to predict whether libor will continue to be viewed as an acceptable market benchmark, what rate or rates may become acceptable alternatives to libor, or what effect these changes in views or alternatives may have on financial markets for libor-linked financial instruments. while the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, has chosen the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the recommended risk-free reference rate for the u.s. (calculated based on repurchase agreements backed by treasury securities), we cannot currently predict the extent to which this index will gain widespread acceptance as a replacement for libor. it is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates. in february 2020, in connection with amendment no. 7 and the refinancing facility agreement (herein, "amendment no. 7") to the second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of june 4, 2014 (the "credit agreement"), we amended our credit agreement to include a provision for the determination of an alternative reference interest rate. additionally, with respect to our derivatives portfolio, we have elected the libor protocols issued by the international swaps and derivatives association, but the discontinuation of libor may also require our derivative agreements to be amended in some way. once the alternative interest rate has replaced libor, our future interest expense could be impacted.
our indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness, including the indentures. we cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness. if we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital.
to service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the indentures, amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts due under our trade receivable securitization facility ("securitization facility"), and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.
we cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, including the amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts borrowed under our securitization facility and the indentures, or to fund our other liquidity needs. if we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. we cannot assure that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. the terms of existing or future debt instruments, the securitization facility, the indentures and the senior secured credit facility may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. in addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms and would otherwise adversely affect the indentures.
the terms of the senior secured credit facility and indentures may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions.
our senior secured credit facility and the indentures contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on td group, transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) and may limit their ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. the senior secured credit facility and indentures include covenants restricting, among other things, the ability of td group, transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) to:
•incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock;
•pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt;
•engage in transactions with affiliates;
•engage in certain business activities.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures. if any such default occurs, the lenders under the senior secured credit facility and the holders of the senior secured and senior subordinated notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under the senior secured credit facility also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, following an event of default under the senior secured credit facility, the lenders under that facility will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the senior subordinated notes. if the debt under the senior secured credit facility or the senior secured or subordinated notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full our debt.
because our products are complicated and highly engineered, we depend on an educated and trained workforce. historically, there has been substantial competition for skilled personnel in the aerospace and defense industry, and we could be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled employees. we may not be able to fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover or attract and retain qualified personnel. we cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there are currently significant inflationary and other pressures on wages.
reduction in force actions, such as the actions primarily taken in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021 to reduce our workforce to align operations with customer demand as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, could result in difficulty in rehiring capable employees to refill the positions eliminated as needed once business recovers.
although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot assure that we will be able to negotiate a satisfactory renewal of collective bargaining agreements or that our employee relations will remain stable. because we strive to limit the volume of finished goods inventory, any work stoppage could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers.
in addition, our success depends in part on our ability to attract and motivate our senior management and key employees. achieving this objective may be difficult due to a variety of factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, competitors' hiring practices, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. competition for qualified personnel can be intense. if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of key personnel, senior management and our executive officers, including our president, chief executive officer and director, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. the company's board of directors continually monitors this risk and we believe that the company's succession plan, together with our straightforward strategy, clear value drivers, decentralized nature and the quality of managers running our operating units helps to mitigate this risk.
our sales to manufacturers of large commercial aircraft, such as boeing, airbus, and related oem suppliers, as well as manufacturers of business jets have historically experienced periodic downturns. in the past, these sales have been affected by airline profitability, which is impacted by, among other things, fuel and labor costs, price competition, interest rates, downturns in the global economy and national and international events. in addition, sales of our products to manufacturers of business jets are impacted by, among other things, downturns in the global economy. in recent years, such as in fiscal 2021 and the second half of fiscal 2020, we have experienced decreased sales across the commercial oem sector driven primarily by the decrease in production by boeing and airbus related to reduced demand in the commercial aerospace industry from the covid-19 pandemic, and airlines deferring or cancelling orders. regulatory and quality challenges, such as with boeing's 737 max aircraft and 787 aircraft, also has an adverse impact. downturns adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our business is dependent on the availability of certain components and raw materials from suppliers.
our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. our business, therefore, could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers (such as the destruction of our suppliers' facilities or their distribution infrastructure, a work stoppage or strike by our suppliers' employees or the failure of our suppliers to provide materials of the requisite quality), or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers.
the covid-19 pandemic has continued to disrupt the global supply chain. we currently are experiencing supply shortages and inflationary pressures for certain components and raw materials that are important to our manufacturing process, particularly electronic parts. expected growth in the global economy may exacerbate these pressures on us and our suppliers, and we expect these supply chain challenges and cost impacts to continue for the foreseeable future. because we strive to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and oem certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part.
we face significant competition.
we operate in a highly competitive global industry and compete against a number of companies. competitors in our product lines are both u.s. and foreign companies and range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately-held entities. we believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. we may have to adjust the prices of some of our products to stay competitive.
climate-related regulations designed to address climate change may result in additional compliance costs.
our operations and the products we sell are currently subject to rules limiting emissions and to other climate-related regulations in certain jurisdictions where we operate. the increased prevalence of global climate change concerns may result in new regulations that may negatively impact us, our suppliers and customers. we are continuing to evaluate short-, medium- and long-term risks related to climate change. we cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or what environmental conditions may be found to exist. compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers, in which case, the costs of raw materials and component parts could increase.
as a whole, because our manufacturing facilities primarily engage in assembly and light manufacturing and because we do not maintain any transportation infrastructure, we have relatively low scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. accordingly, we do not anticipate any material adverse impact from increased carbon regulation directly on our manufacturing operations. further, because of our wide portfolio of hundreds of thousands of products, we do not anticipate any material adverse impact from the reliance on a supplier or group of suppliers that may be subject to climate risks. however, regulation that would have a material adverse impact on air travel could have a material adverse impact on our business. given the political significance and uncertainty around these issues, we cannot predict how legislation, regulation, and increased awareness of these issues will affect our operations and financial condition. we have established a science-aligned greenhouse gas emissions reduction target of at least a 50% reduction in our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions on an absolute basis by the year 2031. fiscal 2019 is the selected baseline year for transdigm that we will compare against as we make progress towards our emissions reduction goal. we continue to evaluate ways to reduce our energy and water consumption and lower our greenhouse gas emissions through energy efficiency measures, the purchase of green power and other actions.
our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production.
our operations and those of our customers and suppliers have been and may again be subject to natural disasters, climate change-related events, pandemics or other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operation and increase our costs and expenses. some of our manufacturing facilities are located in regions that may be impacted by severe weather events, such as increased storm frequency or severity in the atlantic and fires in hotter and drier climates. these could result in potential damage to our physical assets as well as disruptions in manufacturing activities. some of our manufacturing facilities are located in areas that may be at risk due to rising sea levels. moreover, some of our manufacturing facilities are located in areas that could experience decreased access to water due to climate issues.
we are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. disruptions could also occur due to health-related outbreaks and crises, cyber attacks, computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error or process failures. should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms, such as our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
operations and sales outside of the united states may be subject to additional risks.
our net sales to foreign customers were approximately $1.9 billion for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022. a number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including war, sanctions, global health crises, currency fluctuations, difficulties in staffing and managing multinational operations, general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, restrictions on the repatriation of funds, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses and the risk of government financed competition.
issues with the global supply chain can also rise due to some of the aforementioned risks, as well as the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import. such issues are often beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. furthermore, the company is subject to laws and regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act, uk bribery act and similar local anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their employees, agents and contractors from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. failure to comply with these laws could subject the company to civil and criminal penalties that could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are monitoring the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and the related export controls and financial and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors, including the aviation sector, and parties in russia by the u.s., the u.k., the european union and others. although the conflict has not resulted in a direct material adverse impact on transdigm's business to date, the implications of the russia and ukraine conflict in the short-term and long-term are difficult to predict at this time. factors such as increased energy costs, increased freight costs, the availability of certain raw materials for aircraft manufacturers, embargoes on flights from russian airlines, sanctions on russian companies, and the stability of ukrainian customers could impact the global economy and aviation sector.
companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to u.s. government agencies, whether through direct contracts with the u.s. government or as a subcontractor to customers contracting with the u.s. government, are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. these risks include the ability of the u.s. government to unilaterally:
•revoke required security clearances;
•audit our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs.
most of our u.s. government contracts can be terminated by the u.s. government at its convenience without significant notice. termination for convenience provisions provide only for our recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination.
on contracts for which the price is based on cost, the u.s. government may review our costs and performance, as well as our accounting and general business practices. based on the results of such audits, the u.s. government may adjust our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. in addition, under u.s. government purchasing regulations, some of our costs, including most financing costs, amortization of intangible assets, portions of research and development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be subject to reimbursement.
furthermore, even where the price is not based on cost, the u.s. government may seek to review our costs to determine whether our pricing is "fair and reasonable." our subsidiaries are periodically subject to pricing reviews and government buying agencies that purchase some of our subsidiaries' products are periodically subject to audits by the dod office of inspector general ("oig") with respect to prices paid for such products. in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we voluntarily refunded $16.0 million to the u.s. government following an oig audit, and the dod has requested refunds of $20.8 million in response to another oig audit completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. in addition, our defense-related business has been the subject of an ongoing congressional inquiry by the house oversight committee; congressional inquiries are costly and time consuming for our management and could distract from our ability to effectively manage the business. as a result of these reviews, audits and inquiries, we could be subject to providing further refunds to the u.s. government, we could be asked to enter into an arrangement whereby our prices would be based on cost, the dod could seek to pursue alternative sources of supply for our parts, or the u.s. government could take other adverse actions with respect to our contracts. any of those occurrences could lead to a reduction in our revenue from, or the profitability of certain of our supply arrangements with, certain agencies and buying organizations of the u.s. government. further, negative publicity relating to the results of any audit, inquiry or subsequent hearing or the like could negatively impact our stock price.
if a government inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fines, forfeiture of fees, suspension of payment and suspension or debarment from doing business with u.s. government agencies, any of which could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
moreover, u.s. government purchasing regulations contain a number of additional operational requirements, which do not apply to entities not engaged in government contracting. failure to comply with such government contracting requirements could result in civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
the aerospace industry is highly regulated in the u.s. and in other countries. in order to sell our products, we and the products we manufacture must be certified by the faa, the dod and similar agencies in foreign countries and by individual manufacturers. if new and more stringent government regulations are adopted or if industry oversight increases, we might incur significant expenses to comply with any new regulations or heightened industry oversight. in addition, if material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our business would be adversely affected.
in addition to the aviation approvals, we are at times required to obtain approval from u.s. government agencies and similar agencies elsewhere in the world to export our products. u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us include the arms export control act, the international traffic in arms regulations ("itar"), the export administration regulations ("ear") and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the united states department of the treasury's office of foreign assets control ("ofac"). ear restricts the export of commercial and dual-use products and technical data to certain countries, while itar restricts the export of defense products, technical data and defense services.
failure to obtain approval to export or determination by the u.s. government or similar agencies elsewhere in the world that we failed to receive required approvals or licenses could eliminate or restrict our ability to sell our products outside the united states or other country of origin, and the penalties that could be imposed by the u.s. government or other applicable government for failure to comply with these laws could be significant.
the interpretation and application of data protection laws in the u.s. and europe, including but not limited to the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") and the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa"), and elsewhere are uncertain and evolving. it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. complying with these various laws is difficult and could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. further, although we have implemented internal controls and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the gdpr, ccpa and other privacy-related laws, rules and regulations (collectively, the "data protection laws"), there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures will enable us to be fully compliant with all data protection laws.
increased cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime have posed and could continue to pose a risk to our information technology systems and a disruption to or breach in the security of such systems, if material, could have adverse effects on our result of operations and financial condition.
we rely extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate our business, some of which are managed by third parties. the security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. if these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, telecommunications failures, criminal acts, including hardware or software break-ins or extortion attempts, or viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents) and we suffer any resulting interruption in our ability to manage and operate our business or if our products are affected, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in fact, we have experienced data security incidents, although these have not had a material impact on our financial results. furthermore, the company has access to classified, sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other contractually-imposed controls.
despite our use of reasonable and appropriate technical security controls and monitoring, security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming, or employee errors and/or malfeasance have led and could in the future lead to the compromise or improper use of such sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information. such events may result in possible negative consequences, such as fines, ransom demands, penalties, failure to comply with laws governing sensitive data, negative publicity, loss of reputation, loss of intellectual property, loss of competitiveness or customers, increased security and compliance costs or other negative consequences. further, the amount of insurance coverage that we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity incident. depending on the nature and magnitude of these events, they may have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters we could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations.
our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. environmental laws and regulations may require that the company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by subsidiaries of the company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. the company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws.
estimates of the company's environmental liabilities are based on current facts, laws, regulations and technology. these estimates take into consideration the company's prior experience and professional judgment of the company's environmental advisors. estimates of the company's environmental liabilities are further subject to uncertainties regarding the nature and extent of site contamination, the range of remediation alternatives available, evolving remediation standards, imprecise engineering evaluations and cost estimates, the extent of corrective actions that may be required and the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation.
accordingly, as investigations and remediations proceed, it is likely that adjustments in the company's accruals will be necessary to reflect new information. the amounts of any such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or cash flows in a given period. based on currently available information, however, the company does not believe that future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with respect to sites for which the company has been identified as a potentially responsible party are likely to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition.
we may be subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance.
from time to time, we are involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions brought or threatened against us in the ordinary course of business. these actions and proceedings may involve claims for, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, workers' compensation, employment discrimination, or breach of contract. in addition, we may be subject to class action lawsuits, including those involving allegations of violations of consumer product statutes or the fair labor standards act and state wage and hour laws. due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such actions or proceedings. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify, as plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts in these types of lawsuits, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, plaintiffs in many types of actions may seek punitive damages, civil penalties, consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. these proceedings could result in substantial cost and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. the ultimate resolution of these matters through settlement, mediation, or court judgment could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft product that we have designed, manufactured or serviced. while we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, in the event of product liability claims our insurers may attempt to deny coverage or any coverage we have may not be adequate. we also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. any liability not covered by insurance or for which third party indemnification is not available could result in significant liability to us.
in addition, a crash caused by one of our products could damage our reputation for quality products. we believe our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft products. if a crash were to be caused by one of our products, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and attract customers may be materially adversely affected.
mergers and acquisitions have resulted in significant increases in identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. identifiable intangible assets, which primarily include trademarks, trade names, customer relationships, and technology, were approximately $2.8 billion at september 30, 2022, representing approximately 15% of our total assets. goodwill recognized in accounting for the mergers and acquisitions was approximately $8.6 billion at september 30, 2022, representing approximately 48% of our total assets. we may never realize the full value of our identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, and to the extent we were to determine that our identifiable intangible assets or our goodwill were impaired within the meaning of applicable accounting standards, we would be required to write-off the amount of any impairment.
we may be subject to risks relating to changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various non-u.s. jurisdictions. the company's domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. the company's future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the company's effective tax rate as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets, challenges by tax authorities or changes in tax laws or regulations. in addition, the amount of income taxes paid by the company is subject to ongoing audits by u.s. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-u.s. tax authorities. if these audits result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the company's tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
notwithstanding special cash dividends, of which the most recent declaration by the company's board of directors in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 in the amount of $18.50 per outstanding share of common stock, we do not anticipate declaring regular quarterly or annual cash dividends on our common stock or any other equity security in the foreseeable future.
the amounts that may be available to us to pay future special cash dividends are restricted under our debt and other agreements. any payment of special cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. therefore, shareholders should not rely on regular quarterly or annual dividend income from shares of our common stock and should not rely on special dividends with any regularity or at all.
general risks our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers' profitability. these items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions.
our commercial business is directly affected by, among other factors, changes in rpms, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, the percentage of the fleet that is out-of-warranty and changes in the profitability of the commercial airline industry. rpms and airline profitability have historically been correlated with the general economic environment, although national and international events also play a key role. for example, in addition to the current covid-19 pandemic and the adverse impact it has had on the airline industry, past examples in which the airline industry has been negatively affected include downturns in the global economy, higher fuel prices, increased security concerns among airline customers following the events of september 11, 2001, the severe acute respiratory syndrome ("sars") epidemic, and conflicts abroad. additional examples include future geopolitical or other worldwide events, such as war, terrorist acts, or additional worldwide infectious disease outbreaks.
in addition, global market and economic conditions have been challenging due to turbulence in the u.s. and international markets and economies and have prolonged declines in business and consumer spending. as a result of the substantial reduction in airline traffic resulting from the aforementioned events, the airline industry incurred large losses and financial difficulties. some carriers parked or retired a portion of their fleets and reduced workforces and flights. during periods of reduced airline profitability, some airlines may delay purchases of spare parts, preferring instead to deplete existing inventories, and delay refurbishments and discretionary spending. if demand for spare parts decreases, there would be a decrease in demand for certain products. an adverse change in demand could impact our results of operations, collection of accounts receivable and our expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses which may adversely impact our financial condition and access to capital markets.
u.s. military spending is dependent upon the u.s. defense budget.
the military and defense market is significantly dependent upon government budget trends, particularly the dod budget. in addition to normal business risks, our supply of products to the u.s. government is subject to unique risks largely beyond our control. dod budgets could be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, a change in defense spending policy as a result of the presidential election or otherwise, the u.s. government's budget deficits, spending priorities (e.g., shifting funds to efforts to combat the impact of the pandemic or efforts to assist ukraine in the russia and ukraine conflict), the cost of sustaining the u.s. military presence internationally and possible political pressure to reduce u.s. government military spending, each of which could cause the dod budget to remain unchanged or to decline. a significant decline in u.s. military expenditures could result in a reduction in the amount of our products sold to the various agencies and buying organizations of the u.s. government.
there has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity securities, which is unrelated to the operating performance of the companies issuing the securities. these market fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at or above the purchase price due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. such changes could be caused by changes in our operating performance or prospects, including possible changes due to the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry and other factors such as fluctuations in oem and aftermarket ordering, which could cause short-term swings in profit margins. or such changes could be unrelated to our operating performance, such as changes in market conditions affecting the stock market generally or the stocks of aerospace companies or changes in the outlook for our common stock, such as changes to or the confidence in our business strategy, changes to or confidence in our management, or expectations for future growth of the company. global health crises such as the covid-19 pandemic could also cause significant volatility in the market price.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with td group's consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. the following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report. these risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future performance suggested below.
overview for fiscal year 2022, we generated net sales of $5,429 million, gross profit of $3,099 million or 57.1% of net sales, and net income attributable to td group of $866 million. the covid-19 pandemic has continued to have an adverse impact on our net sales, net income and ebitda as defined when compared to pre-pandemic levels. pre-pandemic, and as our business continues to recover from the pandemic, we believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. more specifically, we believe that focusing our businesses on our value-driven operating strategy of obtaining profitable new business, carefully controlling the cost structure and pricing our highly engineered value-added products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so has historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long-term.
our selective acquisition strategy has also been an important contribution to the growth of our business. the integration of acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business.
we believe our key competitive strengths include:
large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. we provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. we estimate that our products are installed on over 100,000 commercial transport, regional transport, military and general aviation fixed wing turbine aircraft and rotary wing aircraft.
diversified revenue base. we believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. our products are installed on almost all of the major commercial aircraft platforms now in production. we expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. our current initiatives include creating new products that are more environmentally friendly, such as radiation-free exciters, and creating new products that will help further improve commercial airlines' efforts to keep passengers healthy and safe, such as touch-free aircraft lavatory suite products.
our business strategy is made up of two key elements: (1) a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and (2) a selective acquisition strategy.
•obtaining profitable new business. we attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. we have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and oem products to drive our growth.
•improving our cost structure. we are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each.
selective acquisition strategy. we selectively pursue the acquisition of proprietary aerospace component businesses when we see an opportunity to create value through the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies. the aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. we have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. as of the date of this report, we have successfully acquired approximately 87 businesses and product lines since our formation in 1993. many of these acquisitions have been integrated into an existing transdigm production facility, which enables a higher production capacity utilization, which in turn improves gross profit levels due to the ability to spread the fixed manufacturing overhead costs over higher production volume. in the case of larger acquisitions that consist of multiple operating units (such as the esterline acquisition), we may pursue opportunities to divest certain acquired operating units that are not in line with our long-term acquisition strategy.
acquisitions and divestitures during the most recent three fiscal years are described in note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
the commercial aerospace industry, in particular, has been significantly disrupted, both domestically and internationally, by the pandemic. the pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments and other measures. as a result, demand for travel declined at a rapid pace beginning in the second half of fiscal 2020 and has remained depressed compared to pre-pandemic levels. although worldwide air traffic remains significantly lower than pre-pandemic levels, rpms continued to steadily improve in fiscal 2022 and many aircraft parked by airlines have been returned to service. commercial air travel in domestic markets continued to lead the air traffic recovery in fiscal 2022 with certain domestic markets nearing pre-pandemic air traffic levels. the pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slower than the domestic recovery, but international rpms made positive strides in fiscal 2022 and are catching up to the domestic air traffic recovery. the commercial oem market is continuing to show signs of recovery with airlines returning to the commercial oems to place orders; however, the commercial oem supply chain challenges impacting manufacturers such as boeing and airbus are slowing the pace of new aircraft manufacturing. the exact pace and timing of the commercial air travel recovery remains uncertain and continues to evolve.
the defense aerospace market has been impacted by the covid-19 pandemic to a lesser extent than the commercial aerospace market with this impact arising primarily from supply chain shortages. additionally, within the defense market, the pace of u.s. government defense spending outlays and government funding reprioritization provides for uncertainty.
the covid-19 pandemic has also disrupted the global supply chain and availability of raw materials. the disruption in the supply chain has resulted in increased freight costs, raw material costs and labor costs from the ongoing inflationary environment. our business has been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected by disruptions in our ability to timely obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and oem certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part.
because the duration of the pandemic is unclear, it is difficult to forecast a precise impact on the company's future results. we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent to which covid-19 will impact our business, supply chain, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we are also monitoring the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and the related export controls and financial and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors, including the aviation sector, and parties in russia by the u.s., the u.k., the european union and others. although the conflict has not resulted in a direct material adverse impact on transdigm's business to date, the implications of the russia and ukraine conflict in the short-term and long-term are difficult to predict at this time. factors such as increased energy costs, the availability of certain raw materials for aircraft manufacturers, embargoes on flights from russian airlines, sanctions on russian companies, and the stability of ukrainian customers could impact the global economy and aviation sector.
ebitda                                                                     $2,456                                   (3)                  $2,027                                   (3)
ebitda as defined                                                          $2,646              (3)          48.7      %                  $2,189              (3)          45.6      %
(1)net income applicable to td group common stockholders represents net income attributable to td group less special dividends paid on participating securities, including dividend equivalent payments of $86 million and $73 million for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(3)refer to "non-gaap financial measures" in this discussion and analysis for additional information and limitations regarding these non-gaap financial measures, including a reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure.
fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2021
•net sales. net organic sales and acquisition and divestiture sales and the related dollar and percentage changes for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (amounts in millions):
acquisition and divestiture sales                      74            133                                          (59)                     (1.2)     %
organic sales represent net sales from existing businesses owned by the company, excluding sales from acquisitions and divestitures. acquisition sales represent net sales from acquired businesses for the period up to one year subsequent to their respective acquisition date. therefore, beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2022, cobham aero connectivity's ("cac's") net sales, including the comparable period in the prior year, are included in the organic growth calculation (acquisition date was january 2021). beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2022, dart aerospace ("dart") is included in the acquisitions and divestitures classification due to the completion of the acquisition by transdigm. divestiture sales represent net sales from businesses up to the date the respective divestiture was completed. acquisition and divestiture sales are excluded from organic sales due to the variability in the nature, timing and extent of acquisitions and divestitures and resulting variable impact on underlying trends. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information on the company's recent acquisition and divestiture activity.
the increase in organic sales of $690 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 is primarily related to increases in commercial aftermarket sales ($478 million, an increase of 44.8%) and commercial oem sales ($221 million, an increase of 23.8%); partially offset by a decrease in defense sales ($52 million, a decrease of 2.2%). the increase in commercial aftermarket sales is primarily attributable to the continued recovery in commercial air travel demand, particularly the increase in the utilization of narrow-body aircraft, and air cargo demand and the resulting higher flight hours in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. the increase in oem sales is primarily attributable to a higher volume of narrow-body aircraft deliveries by aircraft manufacturers to airlines and also production rate increases of narrow-body aircraft compared to fiscal 2021. partially offsetting the oem sales growth are wide-body aircraft production and delivery slowdowns due to the covid-19 pandemic adversely impacting international travel particularly in the first half of fiscal 2022 and also due to boeing's ongoing regulatory and quality challenges with the 737 max aircraft (particularly in china) and the 787 aircraft. the decrease in defense sales is attributable to continued supply chain shortages resulting in shipment delays and delays in u.s. government defense spend outlays.
the decrease in acquisition and divestiture sales for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 is primarily attributable to the divestitures of scioteq and treality simulation visual systems ("scioteq and treality"), technical airborne components ("tac"), racal acoustics ("racal") and avista, inc. ("avista"), all of which were completed in fiscal 2021, partially offset by the acquisitions of cac and dart.
•cost of sales and gross profit. cost of sales increased by $45 million, or 2.0%, to $2,330 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared to $2,285 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. cost of sales and the related percentage of net sales for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (amounts in millions):
acquisition integration costs                                          4                                         4                           -                         -    %
inventory acquisition accounting adjustments                           3                                         6                         (3)                    (50.0)    %
gross profit (net sales less total cost of sales)                 $3,099                                    $2,513                        $586                      23.3    %
gross profit percentage (gross profit / net sales)                  57.1        %                             52.4        %
excluding the specific components to cost of sales listed above, the change in cost of sales during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, which decreased as a percentage of net sales, was primarily driven by a favorable sales mix, specifically, higher commercial aftermarket sales as a percentage of net sales compared to commercial oem net sales in the prior fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. in addition, despite increased freight, raw material, and labor costs resulting from the ongoing inflationary environment and disruption within the global supply chain and labor markets, the continued application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers) coupled with fixed overhead costs incurred being spread over a higher production volume, resulted in gross profit as a percentage of net sales increasing by 4.7 percentage points to 57.1% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 from 52.4% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
regarding the specific components to cost of sales listed above, covid-19 pandemic restructuring costs were not material in fiscal 2022 and foreign exchange rates, particularly the u.s. dollar compared to the british pound and the euro, strengthened considerably in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, resulting in favorable movement compared to the prior year when the u.s. dollar depreciated against both the british pound and euro resulting in foreign currency losses.
non-cash stock and deferred compensation expense is higher due to the adoption of a new deferred compensation plan for certain members of non-executive management in fiscal 2022, the impact of the new stock option grants awarded in fiscal 2022 and the impact of a modification approved by the board of directors of the performance criteria for the fiscal 2021 and 2020 grants. refer to note 18, "stock-based compensation," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
acquisition integration costs                                                   7                                        10                         (3)                       (30.0)    %
acquisition and divestiture transaction-related expenses                        4                                        15                        (11)                       (73.3)    %
excluding the specific components to selling and administrative expenses listed above, the change in selling and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 improved as a percentage of net sales compared to the prior fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. this is a result of the continued realization of the cost mitigation measures that were enacted in the second half of fiscal 2020 and in fiscal 2021 in response to the covid-19 pandemic partially offset by increased costs incurred for labor, travel and other sales support and administrative costs due to the ongoing inflationary environment and the lessening of travel restrictions from the pandemic enabling a return to conducting meetings and other business-related matters in person.
non-cash stock and deferred compensation expense is higher due to the adoption of a new deferred compensation plan for certain members of non-executive management in fiscal 2022, the impact of the new stock option grants awarded in fiscal 2022 and the impact of a modification approved by the board of directors of the performance criteria for the fiscal 2021 and 2020 grants. refer to note 18, "stock-based compensation," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
the increase in bad debt expense is primarily attributable to certain non-u.s. customers and also the russia and ukraine conflict. the decrease in acquisition and divestiture transaction-related expenses is due to the lack of divestitures occurring in fiscal 2022.
•amortization of intangible assets. amortization of intangible assets was $136 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared to $137 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the slight decrease in amortization expense of $1 million was due to the amortization expense recognized on intangible assets from the fiscal 2022 acquisition of dart being offset by sales order backlog recorded in connection with the cac acquisition becoming fully amortized in the first quarter of fiscal 2022.
•interest expense-net. interest expense-net includes interest on borrowings outstanding, amortization of debt issuance costs, original issue discount and premium, revolving credit facility fees, finance leases and interest income. interest expense-net increased $17 million, or 1.6%, to $1,076 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 from $1,059 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the increase in interest expense-net was primarily due to an increase in libor compared to the prior year, which adversely impacted the interest expense on the approximately 15% of gross debt that is variable rate and not hedged via an interest rate swap or cap. this was partially offset by a $12 million increase in interest income, the repayment of $200 million previously drawn on the revolving credit facility in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and the favorable impact from refinancing activities executed in fiscal 2021. the weighted average interest rate for cash interest payments on total borrowings outstanding for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was 5.3%.
•other expense (income). other expense (income) was $18 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared to $(51) million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. other expense for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was primarily driven by a pension settlement charge of approximately $22 million for the esterline retirement plan. refer to note 13, "retirement plans," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information. partially offsetting this expense was the non-service related components of net periodic benefit costs on the company's defined benefit pension plans ($3 million). other income for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was primarily driven by $24 million recorded for the settlement of the insurance claim for leach international europe's niort, france operating facility fire in august 2019. this primarily represents the insurance proceeds received in excess of the carrying value of the damaged fixed assets and inventory and proceeds from the business interruption settlement. the remaining $27 million is primarily driven by non-service related components of net periodic benefit income on the company's defined benefit pension plans ($14 million), receipt of payment of canadian governmental subsidies ($7 million) and the release of a litigation reserve ($3 million).
•gain on sale of businesses-net. gain on sale of businesses-net of $7 million was recorded for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, and is primarily driven by cash proceeds received from a final working capital settlement for the scioteq and treality divestiture ($3 million). gain on sale of businesses-net of $69 million was recorded for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, and is primarily related to the net gain on sale recognized on the scioteq and treality and tac divestitures. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
•income tax provision. income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was approximately 23.2% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared to 4.8% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the company's significantly lower effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was primarily due to a one time benefit from a tax election made on the company's fiscal 2020 u.s. federal income tax return enabling the company to utilize its net interest deduction limitation carryforward pursuant to irc section 163(j) resulting in the release of the valuation allowance applicable to such carryforward during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021.
•income from discontinued operations, net of tax. income from discontinued operations, net of tax, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was $1 million, which was driven by cash proceeds received during the first quarter of fiscal 2022 from a final working capital settlement for the souriau-sunbank connection technologies ("souriau-sunbank") divestiture. there was no income from discontinued operations, net of tax, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. refer to note 23, "discontinued operations," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
net sales for the power & control segment increased $323 million, an increase of 12.7%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022. the sales increase resulted primarily from increases in organic sales in commercial aftermarket ($241 million, an increase of 43.5%) and commercial oem ($83 million, an increase of 18.7%); partially offset by a decrease in organic defense sales ($28 million, a decrease of 1.9%). the increase in commercial aftermarket sales is primarily attributable to the continued recovery in commercial air travel demand, particularly the increase in the utilization of narrow-body aircraft, and air cargo demand and the resulting higher flight hours compared to fiscal 2021. the increase in commercial oem sales is primarily attributable to a higher volume of narrow-body aircraft deliveries by aircraft manufacturers to airlines and also production rate increases of narrow-body aircraft compared to fiscal 2021. partially offsetting the commercial oem sales growth are wide-body aircraft production and delivery slowdowns due to the covid-19 pandemic adversely impacting international travel particularly in the first half of fiscal 2022 and also due to boeing's ongoing regulatory and quality challenges with the 737 max aircraft (particularly in china) and the 787 aircraft. the decrease in defense sales is attributable to continued supply chain shortages resulting in shipment delays and delays in u.s. government defense spend outlays. the change in acquisition and divestiture sales was not material.
net sales for the airframe segment increased $308 million, an increase of 14.8%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022. the sales increase resulted primarily from increases in organic sales in commercial aftermarket ($237 million, an increase of 46.2%) and commercial oem ($138 million, an increase of 29.3%); partially offset by a decrease in organic defense sales ($23 million, a decrease of 2.6%). the increase in commercial aftermarket sales is primarily attributable to the continued recovery in commercial air travel demand, particularly the increase in the utilization of narrow-body aircraft, and air cargo demand and the resulting higher flight hours compared to fiscal 2021. the increase in commercial oem sales is primarily attributable to a higher volume of narrow-body aircraft deliveries by aircraft manufacturers to airlines and also production rate increases of narrow-body aircraft compared to fiscal 2021. partially offsetting the commercial oem sales growth are wide-body aircraft production and delivery slowdowns due to the covid-19 pandemic adversely impacting international travel particularly in the first half of fiscal 2022 and also due to boeing's ongoing regulatory and quality challenges with the 737 max aircraft (particularly in china) and the 787 aircraft. the decrease in defense sales is attributable to continued supply chain shortages resulting in shipment delays and delays in u.s. government defense spend outlays. acquisition and divestiture sales decreased $52 million primarily due to the divestitures completed during fiscal 2021, partially offset by the impact of cac's sales being included in acquisition and divestiture sales through the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and dart's sales beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2022.
•ebitda as defined. refer to "non-gaap financial measures" in this discussion and analysis for additional information and limitations regarding these non-gaap financial measures, including a reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure. ebitda as defined by segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (amounts in millions):
total segment ebitda as defined                  2,717                          50.0      %                   2,259                          47.1      %                   458                    20.3    %
total company ebitda as defined                 $2,646                          48.7      %         (1)      $2,189                          45.6      %         (1)      $457                    20.9    %
organic ebitda as defined represents ebitda as defined from existing businesses owned by the company as of september 30, 2022, excluding ebitda as defined from acquisitions and divestitures. ebitda as defined from acquisitions and divestitures represents ebitda as defined from acquired businesses for the period up to one year subsequent to the respective acquisition date and from businesses up to the date the respective divestiture was completed. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information on the company's recent acquisition and divestiture activity.
ebitda as defined for the power & control segment increased approximately $212 million, an increase of 16.1%, resulting from higher organic sales, particularly in the commercial aftermarket and oem channels. also contributing to the increase in ebitda as defined was the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume despite the ongoing inflationary environment for freight, labor and certain raw materials. the change in ebitda as defined for the power & control segment from acquisitions and divestitures was not material for fiscal 2022.
ebitda as defined for the airframe segment increased approximately $243 million, an increase of 27.7%, resulting primarily from higher organic sales, particularly in the commercial aftermarket and oem channels. also contributing to the increase in ebitda as defined was the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume despite the ongoing inflationary environment for freight, labor and certain raw materials. ebitda as defined for the airframe segment from acquisitions and divestitures decreased by $9 million, primarily due to the impact on the comparable period from the divestitures completed in fiscal year 2021, partially offset by the impact of cac (only through the first quarter of fiscal 2022) and dart (beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2022).
the change in non-aviation ebitda as defined compared to the prior fiscal year was not material.
corporate expenses consist primarily of compensation, benefits, professional services and other administrative costs incurred by the corporate offices. an immaterial amount of corporate expenses is allocated to the operating segments. the change in corporate expenses compared to the prior fiscal year was not material.
fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2020
for our results of operations for fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020, refer to the discussion in item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" of form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, as filed with the securities and exchange commission on november 16, 2021.
liquidity and capital resources we have historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing. we vary our leverage both to optimize our equity return and to pursue acquisitions. we expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt.
the following tables present selected balance sheet, cash flow and other financial data relevant to the liquidity or capital resources of the company for the periods specified below (amounts in millions):
working capital (total current assets less total current liabilities)                   4,223                      5,367
td group stockholders' deficit                                                        (3,773)                    (2,916)
(1)includes debt issuance costs and original issue discount and premiums. reference note 12, "debt," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information.
operating activities                                    $948                                $913
investing activities                                   (553)                               (785)
financing activities                                 (2,148)                                (70)
capital expenditures                                     119                                 105
if the company has excess cash, it generally prioritizes allocating the excess cash in the following manner: (1) capital spending at existing businesses, (2) acquisitions of businesses, (3) payment of a special dividend and/or repurchases of our common stock and (4) prepayment of indebtedness or repurchase of debt.
in fiscal 2022, the company returned approximately $2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and a special dividend payment. in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2022, the company repurchased 1,490,413 shares of common stock at an average price of $612.13 per share, aggregating to approximately $912 million in repurchases. in august 2022, transdigm's board of directors authorized and declared a special cash dividend of $18.50 on each outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments on vested options outstanding under its stock incentive plans. the total cash payment of the special dividend, using existing cash on hand, was approximately $1,045 million. whether the company undertakes additional share repurchases, special dividends or other aforementioned activities in fiscal 2023 will depend on prevailing market conditions, the company's liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors.
the company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. this is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control, including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
the company is continuing to strategically manage the company's cash and cash equivalents in response to the ongoing inflationary environment, covid-19 pandemic and related uncertainty of the duration and impact on the company's business. in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the company entered into amendment no. 9 and incremental revolving credit assumption agreement (herein, "amendment no. 9") to the credit agreement, increasing the capacity under the revolving credit facility from $760 million to $810 million. the company also repaid $200 million previously drawn on the revolving credit facility. in fiscal 2021, due to favorable market conditions in the high yield bond market, the company refinanced $1,950 million of its senior subordinated notes resulting in a reduced interest rate (estimated $35 million reduction in annual interest payments) and an extended maturity date.
as of september 30, 2022, the company has significant cash liquidity as illustrated in the table presented below (in millions):
availability on revolving credit facility                       779
cash liquidity                                               $3,780
we believe our significant cash liquidity will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. we expect to meet our short-term cash liquidity requirements (including interest obligations and capital expenditures) through net cash from operating activities, cash on hand and, if needed, draws on the revolving credit facility. long-term cash liquidity requirements consist primarily of obligations under our long-term debt agreements. there is no maturity on any tranche of term loans or notes until august 2024.
in connection with the continued application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers), we expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. we believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business acquisitions, such as the dart acquisition completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 for $359 million, pay dividends to our shareholders and make opportunistic investments in our own stock, subject to any restrictions in our existing credit agreement and market conditions.
the company may issue additional debt if prevailing market conditions are favorable to doing so. in addition, the company may increase its borrowings in connection with acquisitions, if cash flow from operating activities becomes insufficient to fund current operations or for other short-term cash needs or for common stock repurchases or dividends. our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets.
operating activities. the company generated $948 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2022 compared to $913 million during fiscal 2021.
the change in trade accounts receivable during fiscal 2022 was a use of cash of $190 million compared to a use of cash of $78 million in fiscal 2021. the increase in the use of cash of $112 million is primarily attributable to the timing of cash receipts as there were higher sales in the month of september 2022 compared to september 2021. the company continues to actively manage its accounts receivable, the related agings and collection efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic and other factors, such as the russia and ukraine conflict.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $553 million during fiscal 2022, consisting of the acquisitions of dart and certain product line acquisitions made by our extant aerospace subsidiary for a total of $437 million and capital expenditures of $119 million. this was slightly offset by $3 million in proceeds received from the final working capital settlement for the scioteq and treality divestiture. the company estimates its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2023 to be approximately 2% to 3% of net sales, which is consistent with its historical annual spend as a percentage of net sales. the company's capital expenditures incurred from year-to-year are funded using existing cash on hand and are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers).
net cash used in investing activities was $785 million during fiscal 2021, consisting primarily of the acquisition of cac for $963 million and capital expenditures of $105 million. this was partially offset by proceeds of $259 million from the completion of the divestiture of certain businesses and $24 million of insurance proceeds received from the leach international europe fire property claim.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities was $2,148 million during fiscal 2022. the use of cash was primarily attributable to $1,091 million of dividends and dividend equivalent payments, $912 million in common stock repurchases, the $200 million repayment of a previous draw on the revolving commitments and repayment on term loans of $75 million. this was partially offset by $132 million in proceeds from stock option exercises.
net cash used in financing activities was $70 million during fiscal 2021. the use of cash was primarily attributable to the redemption of the 2024 notes and 2025 notes for $1,220 million and $762 million, respectively, repayments on term loans of $75 million and dividend equivalent payments of $73 million. this was partially offset by $1,189 million in net proceeds from the completion of the 4.625% senior subordinated notes due 2029 (the "4.625% 2029 notes") offering, $743 million in net proceeds from the completion of the 4.875% senior subordinated notes due 2029 (the "4.875% 2029 notes") offering and $128 million in proceeds from stock option exercises.
description of senior secured term loans and indentures senior secured term loans facility transdigm has $7,298 million in fully drawn term loans (the "term loans facility") and an $810 million revolving credit facility. the term loans facility consists of three tranches of term loans as follows (aggregate principal amount disclosed is as of september 30, 2022):
term loans facility             aggregate principal   maturity date           interest rate tranche e                            $2,155 million   may 30, 2025            libor plus 2.25%
the term loans facility requires quarterly aggregate principal payments of $19 million. the revolving commitments consist of two tranches which include up to $152 million of multicurrency revolving commitments. at september 30, 2022, the company had $31 million in letters of credit outstanding and $779 million in borrowings available under the revolving commitments. draws on the revolving commitments are subject to an interest rate of 2.50% per annum. the unused portion of the revolving commitments is subject to a fee of 0.5% per annum.
the interest rates per annum applicable to the loans under the credit agreement are, at transdigm's option, equal to either an alternate base rate or an adjusted libor for one, two, three or six-month (or to the extent agreed to by each relevant lender, nine or twelve-month) interest periods chosen by transdigm, in each case plus an applicable margin percentage. the adjusted libor related to tranche e, tranche f and tranche g term loans are not subject to a floor. at september 30, 2022 and 2021, the applicable interest rates for all existing tranches (which excludes the impact of our interest rate swaps and caps) were 5.92% and 2.33%, respectively, with the increase due to higher libor particularly in the second half of fiscal 2022. refer to note 21, "derivatives and hedging activities," for information about how our interest rate swaps and cap agreements are used to hedge and offset, respectively, the variable interest rates on the credit facility.
fiscal 2022 amendment to the credit agreement on december 29, 2021, the company entered into amendment no. 9 and incremental revolving credit assumption agreement (herein, "amendment no. 9") to the credit agreement, which increases the capacity under the revolving credit facility from $760 million to $810 million. the terms and conditions that apply to amendment no. 9 are the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the existing dollar revolving commitments and term loans under the credit agreement.
description        aggregate principal   maturity date                interest rate
the 6.375% 2026 notes, the 7.50% 2027 notes, the 5.50% 2027 notes, the 4.625% 2029 notes and the 4.875% 2029 notes (collectively, the "transdigm inc. notes") were issued at a price of 100% of the principal amount. the 6.875% 2026 notes (the "transdigm uk notes" and together with the transdigm inc. notes, the "notes," are further described below) offered in may 2018 were issued at a price of 99.24% of the principal amount, resulting in gross proceeds of $496 million. the 2025 secured notes were issued at a price 100% of the principal amount. the initial $3,800 million offering of the 2026 secured notes (which, along with the 2025 secured notes, are collectively referred to as the "secured notes") was issued at a price of 100% of its principal amount and the subsequent $200 million and $400 million offerings of the 2026 secured notes in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and the third quarter of fiscal 2020, respectively, were issued at a price of 101% of their principal amount, resulting in gross proceeds of $4,411 million.
the notes do not require principal payments prior to their maturity. interest under the notes is payable semi-annually. the notes represent our unsecured obligations ranking subordinate to our senior debt, as defined in the applicable indentures. the notes contain many of the restrictive covenants included in the credit agreement. transdigm is in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the notes.
guarantor information the notes are subordinated to all of our existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of our existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of our future debt that is expressly subordinated to the notes. the transdigm inc. notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior subordinated unsecured basis by td group and transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the applicable indentures). the transdigm uk notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by transdigm inc., td group and transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. the guarantees of the notes are subordinated to all of the guarantors' existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of their existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of their future debt that is expressly subordinated to the guarantees of the notes. the notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of td group's non-guarantor subsidiaries.
the secured notes are senior secured obligations of transdigm and rank equally in right of payment with all of transdigm's existing and future senior secured debt, including indebtedness under transdigm's existing senior secured credit facilities, and are senior in right of payment to all of transdigm's existing and future senior subordinated debt, including the notes, transdigm's other outstanding senior subordinated notes and transdigm's guarantees in respect of transdigm uk's outstanding senior subordinated notes. the secured notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by td group, transdigm uk and transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries named in the secured notes indenture. the guarantees of the secured notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the guarantors' existing and future senior secured debt and are senior in right of payment to all of their existing and future senior subordinated debt. the secured notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of transdigm's non-guarantor subsidiaries. the secured notes contain many of the restrictive covenants included in the credit agreement. transdigm is in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the secured notes.
separate financial statements of transdigm inc. are not presented because the secured notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by td group, transdigm uk and all of transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. td group has no significant operations or assets separate from its investment in transdigm inc.
separate financial statements of transdigm uk are not presented because transdigm uk's 6.875% 2026 notes, issued in may 2018, are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by td group, transdigm inc. and all of transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. td group has no significant operations or assets separate from its investment in transdigm inc.
the financial information presented is that of td group and the guarantors, which includes transdigm inc. and transdigm uk, on a combined basis and the financial information of non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries has been excluded. intercompany balances and transactions between td group and guarantors have been eliminated, and amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries have been presented separately.
current liabilities                                                                                735
non-current liabilities                                                                         20,077
certain restrictive covenants in our debt documents the credit agreement and the indentures governing the notes and secured notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the payment of special dividends, transactions with affiliates, asset sales, acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, liens and encumbrances, and prepayments of certain other indebtedness.
the restrictive covenants included in the credit agreement are subject to amendments executed periodically. the most recent amendment that impacted the restrictive covenants contained in the credit agreement is amendment no. 7.
under the terms of the credit agreement, transdigm is entitled, on one or more occasions, to request additional term loans or additional revolving commitments to the extent that the existing or new lenders agree to provide such incremental term loans or additional revolving commitments provided that, among other conditions, our consolidated net leverage ratio would be no greater than 7.25x and the consolidated secured net debt ratio would be no greater than 5.00x, in each case, after giving effect to such incremental term loans or additional revolving commitments.
if any such default occurs, the lenders under the credit agreement and the holders of the notes and secured notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under the credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, following an event of default under the credit agreement, the lenders thereunder and the holders of the secured notes will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the notes.
with the exception of the revolving credit facility, the company has no maintenance covenants in its existing term loan and indenture agreements. under the credit agreement, if the usage of the revolving credit facility exceeds 35%, or $284 million, of the total revolving commitments, the company is required to maintain a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio of net debt to trailing four-quarter ebitda as defined of 7.25x as of the last day of the fiscal quarter.
as of september 30, 2022, the company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants and expects to remain in compliance with its debt covenants in subsequent periods.
trade receivable securitization facility during fiscal 2014, the company established a trade receivable securitization facility (the "securitization facility"). the securitization facility effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of the domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. the securitization facility includes the right for the company to exercise annual one year extensions as long as there have been no termination events as defined by the agreement. the company uses the proceeds from the securitization facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs.
on july 25, 2022, the company amended the securitization facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date to july 25, 2023 and bear interest at a rate of sofr plus 1.30%, compared to an interest rate of libor plus 1.20% that applied prior to the amendment. the securitization facility is collateralized by substantially all of the company's domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. as of september 30, 2022, the company has borrowed $350 million under the securitization facility, which is fully drawn. at september 30, 2022, the applicable interest rate was 3.84%.
any future declaration of special cash dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions under the credit agreement and indentures, the availability of surplus under delaware law and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. td group is a holding company and conducts all of its operations through direct and indirect subsidiaries. unless td group receives dividends, distributions, advances, transfers of funds or other payments from our subsidiaries, td group will be unable to pay any dividends on our common stock in the future. the ability of any subsidiaries to take any of the foregoing actions is limited by the terms of our term loans facility and indentures and may be limited by future debt or other agreements that we may enter into.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table summarizes the company's cash requirements from all significant contractual obligations as of september 30, 2022 (in millions):
term loans facility (2)                                      7,298                         75                         3,910                         3,313                             -
securitization facility                                        350                        350                             -                             -                             -
(1)represents principal maturities which excludes interest, debt issuance costs, original issue discount and premiums.
(2)the tranche g term loans mature in august 2024, the tranche e term loans mature in may 2025 and the tranche f term loans mature in december 2025. the term loans facility requires quarterly aggregate principal payments of $19 million.
(3)assumes that the variable interest rate on our tranche e, tranche f and tranche g term loans under our term loans facility range from approximately 5.82% to 7.21% based on anticipated movements in the libor, which given the ongoing volatility in rates, are highly uncertain. in addition, interest payments include the impact of the existing interest rate swap and cap agreements described in note 21, "derivatives and hedging activities," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
(4)represents future benefit payments expected to be paid from the pension and post-retirement benefit plans or from the company's assets.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. letters of credit are subject to limits based on amounts outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility. as of september 30, 2022, the company had $31 million in letters of credit outstanding.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap, which often requires the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. management believes that the quality and reasonableness of our most critical policies enable the fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations. however, investors are cautioned that the sensitivity of financial statements to these methods, assumptions and estimates could create materially different results under different conditions or using different assumptions.
below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. for additional significant accounting policies, see note 3, "summary of significant accounting policies," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
revenue recognition - revenue is recognized from the sale of products when control transfers to the customer, which is demonstrated by our right to payment, a transfer of title, a transfer of the risk and rewards of ownership, or the customer acceptance, but most frequently upon shipment where the customer obtains physical possession of the goods. the majority of the company's revenue is recorded at a point in time. sales recognized over time are generally accounted for using an input measure to determine progress completed at the end of the period. sales for service contracts generally are recognized as the services are provided. for agreements with multiple performance obligations, judgment is required to determine whether performance obligations specified in these agreements are distinct and should be accounted for as separate revenue transactions for recognition purposes based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation. the primary method used to estimate a standalone selling price is the price observed in standalone sales to customers for the same product or service. we consider the contractual consideration payable by the customer and assesses variable consideration that may affect the total transaction price. variable consideration is included in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount, including whether the estimate should be constrained in order to avoid a significant reversal of revenue in a future period. these estimates are based on historical experience, anticipated performance under the terms of the contract and our best judgment at the time.
inventories - inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost of inventories is generally determined by the average cost and the first-in, first-out ("fifo") methods and includes material, labor and overhead related to the manufacturing process. because the company sells products that are installed on airframes that can be in-service for 25 or more years, it must keep a supply of such products on hand while the airframes are in use. where management estimated that the net realizable value was below cost or determined that future demand was lower than current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value was made by recording a provision included in cost of sales. additionally, management believes that the company's estimates of excess and obsolete inventory are reasonable and material changes in future estimates or assumptions used to calculate our estimate is unlikely. however, actual results may differ materially from the estimates and additional provisions may be required in the future. a 10% change in our excess and obsolete inventory reserve at september 30, 2022 would not have a material impact on our results. in accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as current assets as all inventories are available and necessary to support current sales, even though a portion of the inventories may not be sold within one year.
goodwill and other intangible assets - in accordance with asc 805, "business combinations," the company uses the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. the excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized as goodwill. the valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, revenue growth rates and ebitda margins, discount rates, customer attrition rates, royalty rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. we determine the fair values of intangible assets acquired generally in consultation with third-party valuation advisors. fair value adjustments to the company's assets and liabilities are recognized and the results of operations of the acquired business are included in our consolidated financial statements from the effective date of the merger or acquisition.
intangible assets other than goodwill are recognized if the benefit of the intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the intangible asset can be sold, transferred, licensed or exchanged, regardless of the company's intent to do so. goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded at their estimated fair value on the date of acquisition and are reviewed at least annually for impairment based on cash flow projections and fair value estimates.
u.s. gaap requires that the annual, and any interim, goodwill impairment assessment be performed at the reporting unit level. our reporting units have been identified at the operating unit level, which is one level below our operating segments. substantially all goodwill was determined and recognized for each reporting unit pursuant to the accounting for the merger or acquisition as of the date of each transaction. with respect to acquisitions integrated into an existing reporting unit, any acquired goodwill is combined with the goodwill of the reporting unit.
at the time of goodwill impairment testing, the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, and whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. the quantitative test is required only if the company concludes that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, or if the company elects not to perform a qualitative assessment of a reporting unit. for the quantitative test, management determines the estimated fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. if the calculated estimated fair value is less than the current carrying value, impairment of goodwill of the reporting unit may exist. the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common practice in impairment testing. the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing includes discount rates, revenue growth rates and ebitda margins, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. discount rates are set by using the weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") methodology. the wacc methodology considers market and industry data as well as company specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. the company utilizes a third party valuation firm to assist in the determination of the wacc. the discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business.
management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. terminal value rate determination follows a common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates.
management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset valuation at the time of acquisition. the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison between the estimated fair values and carrying values. if the carrying amounts of intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives exceed their estimated fair values, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the difference. management utilizes the royalty savings valuation method to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset. in this method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from the ownership of the intangible asset. the key assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections and terminal value rates. discount rates used are similar to the rates developed by the wacc methodology considering any differences in company-specific risk factors between reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets. royalty rates are established by management with the advice of valuation experts. management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections for each significant intangible asset. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates.
the discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation methodologies require management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed. actual results could differ from these assumptions. management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions.
the company had 47 reporting units with goodwill and 44 reporting units with indefinite-lived intangible assets as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the date of the annual impairment test. based on its initial qualitative assessment over each of the reporting units, the company identified 13 reporting units to test for impairment using a quantitative test for both goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. the 13 reporting units selected for quantitative testing have higher commercial aerospace content and, as a result, have been more adversely impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. the estimated fair values of each of these reporting units and other indefinite-lived intangible assets were in excess of their respective carrying values. the company performed a sensitivity analysis on certain company-specific projected data, specifically earnings before taxes and net sales, which are significant assumptions in the discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value. with a ten percentage point decrease in earnings before taxes and net sales data, all of the reporting units would continue to have fair values in excess of their respective carrying values of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets.
stock-based compensation - the cost of the company's stock-based compensation is recorded in accordance with asc 718, "stock compensation." the company uses a black-scholes pricing model to estimate the grant-date fair value of the stock options awarded. the black-scholes pricing model requires assumptions regarding the expected volatility of the company's common shares, the risk-free interest rate, the expected life of the stock options award and the company's dividend yield. the company primarily utilizes historical data in determining the assumptions. an increase or decrease in the assumptions or economic events outside of management's control could, and do, have an impact on the black-scholes pricing model. the company estimates stock option forfeitures based on historical data. the total number of stock options expected to vest is adjusted by actual and estimated forfeitures. changes to the actual and estimated forfeitures will result in a cumulative adjustment in the period of change. the company also evaluates any subsequent changes to the respective option holders terms under the modification rules of asc 718. if determined to be a modification, the black-scholes pricing model is updated as of the date of the modification resulting in a cumulative catch-up to expense.
income taxes - the company estimates income taxes in each jurisdiction in which it operates. this involves estimating taxable earnings, specific taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and possible exposures related to future tax audits. to the extent these estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income taxes are made in the period in which the changes occur. historically, such adjustments have not been significant.
non-gaap financial measures we present below certain financial information based on our ebitda and ebitda as defined. references to "ebitda" mean earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and references to "ebitda as defined" mean ebitda plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliations of income from continuing operations to ebitda and ebitda as defined and the reconciliations of net cash provided by operating activities to ebitda and ebitda as defined presented below.
neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined is a measurement of financial performance under u.s. gaap. we present ebitda and ebitda as defined because we believe they are useful indicators for evaluating operating performance and liquidity.
our management believes that ebitda and ebitda as defined are useful as indicators of liquidity because securities analysts, investors, rating agencies and others use ebitda to evaluate a company's ability to incur and service debt. in addition, ebitda as defined is useful to investors because the revolving credit facility under our senior secured credit facility requires compliance under certain circumstances, on a pro forma basis, with a financial covenant that measures the ratio of the amount of our secured indebtedness to the amount of our consolidated ebitda defined in the same manner as we define ebitda as defined herein.
in addition to the above, our management uses ebitda as defined to review and assess the performance of the management team in connection with employee incentive programs and to prepare its annual budget and financial projections. moreover, our management uses ebitda as defined to evaluate acquisitions.
although we use ebitda and ebitda as defined as measures to assess the performance of our business and for the other purposes set forth above, the use of these non-gaap financial measures as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider any of them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap. some of these limitations are:
•neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined reflects the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements, necessary to service interest payments on our indebtedness;
•although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined reflects any cash requirements for such replacements;
•the omission of the substantial amortization expense associated with our intangible assets further limits the usefulness of ebitda and ebitda as defined;
•neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined includes the payment of taxes, which is a necessary element of our operations; and
•ebitda as defined excludes the cash expense we have incurred to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, which is a necessary element of certain of our acquisitions.
because of these limitations, ebitda and ebitda as defined should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. management compensates for these limitations by not viewing ebitda or ebitda as defined in isolation and specifically by using other u.s. gaap measures, such as net income, net sales and operating profit, to measure our operating performance. neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined is a measurement of financial performance under u.s. gaap, and neither should be considered as an alternative to net income or cash flow from operations determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. our calculation of ebitda and ebitda as defined may not be comparable to the calculation of similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of income from continuing operations to ebitda and ebitda as defined (in millions):
ebitda                                                                   2,456                               2,027
inventory acquisition accounting adjustments (1)                             3                                   6
acquisition integration costs (2)                                           11                                  14
acquisition and divestiture transaction-related expenses (3)                 4                                  15
ebitda as defined                                                       $2,646                              $2,189
(1)   represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when inventory was sold.
(2)   represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into td group's operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs.
(3)   represents transaction-related costs for both acquisitions and divestitures comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses, and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred.
(5)   represents costs expensed related to debt financing activities, including new issuances, extinguishments, refinancings and amendments to existing agreements.
(6)   represents restructuring costs related to the company's cost reduction measures in response to the covid-19 pandemic of $36 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. these are costs related to the company's actions to reduce its workforce and consolidate certain facilities to align with customer demand. this also includes $4 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 of incremental costs related to the pandemic that are not expected to recur once the pandemic has subsided and are clearly separable from normal operations (e.g., additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements, personal protective equipment, etc.). restructuring costs incurred in response to the covid-19 pandemic for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 were not material.
(7)   represents the net gain on sale of businesses. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
(8)   primarily represents foreign currency transaction gain or loss, payroll withholding taxes related to special dividend and dividend equivalent payments and stock option exercises, non-service related pension costs, including the pension settlement charge for the esterline retirement plan (further detailed in note 15, "retirement plans") and gain or loss on sale of fixed assets.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to ebitda and ebitda as defined (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                                                               $948                                $913
changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and sales of businesses              288                                  98
ebitda                                                                                                 2,456                               2,027
inventory acquisition accounting adjustments (5)                                                           3                                   6
acquisition integration costs (6)                                                                         11                                  14
acquisition and divestiture transaction-related expenses (7)                                               4                                  15
ebitda as defined                                                                                     $2,646                              $2,189
(3)   represents costs expensed related to debt financing activities, including new issuances, extinguishments, refinancings and amendments to existing agreements.
(4)   represents the net gain on sale of businesses. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
(5)   represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when inventory was sold.
(6)   represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into td group's operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs.
(7)   represents transaction-related costs for both acquisitions and divestitures comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses, and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred.
(8)   represents restructuring costs related to the company's cost reduction measures in response to the covid-19 pandemic of $36 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. these are costs related to the company's actions to reduce its workforce and consolidate certain facilities to align with customer demand. this also includes $4 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 of incremental costs related to the pandemic that are not expected to recur once the pandemic has subsided and are clearly separable from normal operations (e.g., additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements, personal protective equipment, etc.). restructuring costs incurred in response to the covid-19 pandemic for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 were not material.
(9)   primarily represents foreign currency transaction gain or loss, payroll withholding taxes related to special dividend and dividend equivalent payments and stock option exercises, non-service related pension costs, including the pension settlement charge for the esterline retirement plan (further detailed in note 15, "retirement plans") and gain or loss on sale of fixed assets.