item 1a. risk factors summary of risk factors market risks
•changes in interest rates could adversely affect revenue and expenses, the value of assets and liabilities, as well as the availability and cost of capital, and liquidity.
•the monetary and fiscal policies of the u.s. federal government could have a material adverse effect on profitability.
•inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price.
•financial results, lending or other business activities could be materially affected by a deterioration of economic conditions.
•instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition.
•the replacement of libor could adversely affect truist's profitability and financial condition.
credit risks
•the company is subject to credit risk by lending, committing to lend money, or entering into a letter of credit or other types of contracts with counterparties.
•the company may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent that loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral.
•the company may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions.
liquidity risks
•loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase truist's funding costs.
•truist's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access short-term funding, an unforeseen outflow of cash, or the inability to monetize liquid assets.
•truist relies on the mortgage secondary market and gses for some of the company's liquidity.
•any reduction in the company's credit ratings could increase the company's cost of funding or reduce its access to the capital markets.
•the parent company could have less access to funding sources and its liquidity could be constrained if the bank becomes unable to pay dividends during a time of stress.
•truist may be impacted by the soundness of other financial institutions.
•the company faces cybersecurity risks, including denial of service, phishing, malware and ransomware attacks, potential insider threats, and third-party cybersecurity incidents, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect the company's operations, cause reputational damage, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
•the company's operational capabilities managed or supplied by third parties could fail, be compromised, or be breached, which could disrupt the company's business and adversely impact the company's results of operations, and financial condition, as well as cause legal exposure or reputational harm.
•the company faces risks associated with quality, availability, and retention of key data for operational, strategic, regulatory, and compliance purposes.
•physical, transition, or other risks associated with climate change have the potential to negatively impact operations, business results, and clients.
•natural disasters and other catastrophic events, which may increase in frequency and intensity due to climate change, could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations or the company's financial condition and results.
•an outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the u.s. economy and on truist's businesses.
•truist is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which could increase the cost of doing business, limit truist's ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions.
•truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect the company's business, operations, and ability to pay dividends, or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
•differences in regulation can affect the company's ability to compete effectively.
•competition may reduce truist's client base or cause truist to modify pricing for products and services.
•truist may not be able to complete future mergers or acquisitions.
•truist depends on the expertise of key teammates. if these individuals leave or change their roles without effective replacements, operations may suffer.
•the company depends on the ability to attract and retain qualified teammates while effectively managing recruiting and compensation costs amid highly competitive and rapidly changing market conditions in order to implement and execute upon business strategies.
•the company's operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees.
•the company's accounting policies and processes are critical to how the company reports its financial condition and results of operations and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.
•depressed market values for the company's stock and adverse economic conditions sustained over a period of time may require the company to write down all or some portion of the company's goodwill.
•truist can be negatively affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services, and delivery platforms.
the following discussion sets forth some of the more important risk factors that could materially affect truist's financial condition and operations. when a risk factor spans several risk categories, the risks have been listed by their primary risk category. the risks described are not all inclusive. additional risks that are not presently known or risks deemed immaterial may have a material adverse effect on truist's financial condition, results of operations, business, and prospects.
market risks changes in interest rates could adversely affect revenue and expenses, the value of assets and liabilities, as well as the availability and cost of capital, and liquidity.
truist's balance sheet can be sensitive to movements in market interest rates and spreads. in addition to the impact of the general economy, changes in interest rates or in valuations in the debt or equity markets could directly impact the company in one or more of the following ways:
•the yield on earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities may change in disproportionate ways; or
national, regional, and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities affect interest income and interest expense. when interest rates rise, funding costs may rise faster than the yield the company earns on assets, causing net interest margin to contract. higher interest rates may also result in lower mortgage production income and elevated charge-offs in certain categories of the loan portfolio. conversely, when interest rates fall, the yield the company earns on assets may fall faster than the company's ability to lower rates paid on deposits or borrowings.
certain investment securities, notably mbs, are very sensitive to changes in rates. generally, when rates rise, market values will decline, prepayments will decrease and the duration of mbs will increase. conversely, when rates fall, market values will rise, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mbs will decrease.
the monetary and fiscal policies of the u.s. federal government could have a material adverse effect on profitability.
changes in monetary and fiscal policies, including frb policies, can adversely affect profitability and cannot be controlled or predicted by the company. frb policies can:
•materially affect the value of financial assets and liabilities;
the frb raised interest rates significantly and began shrinking its balance sheet during 2022 in response to inflation measures that were well above the frb's two percent target. the federal reserve may further increase interest rates in the near term. sustained higher interest rates and continued frb asset reductions may adversely affect market stability, market liquidity and the company's financial performance and condition. truist cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects such changes may have on the company's activities and financial results.
20 truist financial corporation inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price.
prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention. additionally, inflation may lead to a decrease in consumer and clients' purchasing power and negatively affect the need or demand for our products and services. if significant inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease our appetite for new credit extensions. these inflationary pressures could result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing our stock price to suffer.
financial results, lending or other business activities could be materially affected by a deterioration of economic conditions.
a prolonged period of slow growth in the u.s. economy as a whole or in any regional markets that truist serves, or any deterioration in economic conditions or the financial markets may disrupt or dampen the economy, which could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results.
if economic conditions deteriorate, the company may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy clients, reducing the company's interest income. in addition, if unemployment levels increase or if real estate prices decrease, the company could incur higher charge-offs and may incur higher expenses in connection with adverse conditions in the reasonable and supportable forecasts used to estimate the allowance for credit losses in accordance with cecl requirements. these conditions may adversely affect not only consumer borrowers but also commercial and industrial and commercial real estate borrowers, especially for those businesses that rely on the health of industries or properties that may suffer from deteriorating economic conditions. the ability of these borrowers to repay their loans may be reduced, causing the company to incur higher credit losses.
the deterioration of economic conditions also could adversely affect financial results for the company's fee-based businesses. truist earns fee income from, among other activities, managing assets for clients, and providing brokerage and other investment advisory and wealth management services. investment management fees are often based on the value of assets under management and a decrease in the market prices of those assets could reduce the company's fee income. changes in stock or fixed income market prices or client preferences could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees earned from the company's brokerage business. poor economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets would likely adversely affect the company's capital markets-related businesses.
instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition.
instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. the macroeconomic environment in the united states is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets. for example, trade negotiations between the u.s. and other nations remain uncertain and could adversely impact economic and market conditions for the company and its clients and counterparties. the war in ukraine presents destabilizing forces, including higher and more volatile commodity and food prices, which may cause international and domestic economic deterioration. in addition, global demand for products may exceed supply during the economic recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, and such shortages may cause inflation, adversely impact consumer and business confidence, and adversely affect the economy as well as the company's financial condition and results. financial markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the war in ukraine, terrorism, or other geopolitical events. this could magnify inflationary pressure resulting from the pandemic and other sources and extend any prolonged period of higher inflation.
the replacement of libor could adversely affect truist's profitability and financial condition.
a transition away from the widespread use of libor to alternative rates and other potential interest rate benchmark reforms will continue over the course of the next year. the publication of the one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor settings ceased as of december 31, 2021, while certain u.s. dollar libor tenors are expected to continue to be published until june 30, 2023.
a group of market participants convened by the frb, the arrc, has selected sofr as its recommended alternative to u.s. dollar libor. truist offers sofr-based lending solutions to wholesale and consumer clients and enters into sofr-based derivative contracts. the passage of the adjustable interest rate (libor) act by congress, and the federal reserve's implementing rule, should decrease the risk of contracts that are not remediated prior to the cessation deadline by providing the terms for a transition to sofr. truist is also supporting "credit sensitive" alternatives, such as bloomberg short-term bank yield and other alternatives as they develop in the market.
sofr or other alternative reference rates may perform differently than libor in response to changing market conditions. for example, sofr could experience greater decreases during times of economic stress, which could require the company to lend at lower rates at times when the company's borrowing costs are increasing.
the market transition away from libor to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations. in particular, any such transition could:
•adversely affect the interest rates received or paid on the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of the company's libor-based assets and liabilities;
•adversely affect the interest rates received or paid on the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of other securities or financial arrangements, given libor's role in determining market interest rates globally;
•prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of the company's preparation and readiness for the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate; and
•result in disputes, litigation, or other actions with borrowers or counterparties about the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in libor-based contracts and securities.
the transition away from libor to alternative reference rates has required the transition to or development of appropriate systems, models, and analytics to effectively transition the company's risk management and other processes from libor-based products to those based on the applicable alternative reference rate, such as sofr. truist has developed a libor transition team and project plan to address the transition. truist has largely completed its assessment of risks related to the transition from libor and continues its remediation efforts. there can be no guarantee that these efforts will successfully mitigate the operational risks associated with the transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate.
the manner and impact of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, as well as the effect of these developments on the company's funding costs, loan, investment securities, and derivative portfolios, as well as alm, is uncertain.
credit risks the company is subject to credit risk by lending, committing to lend money, or entering into a letter of credit or other types of contracts with counterparties.
truist incurs credit risk, which is the risk of loss if the company's borrowers or counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of their contracts. a number of products expose the company to credit risk, including loans and leases, lending commitments, derivatives, trading assets, and investment securities. changes in credit quality can have a significant impact on the company's earnings and capital position. the company estimates and establishes contractual lifetime reserves for credit risks and credit losses inherent in its determination of credit exposure. this process, which is critical to the company's financial results and condition, requires complex calculations and extensive use of judgment, considering both external and borrower-specific factors that might impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. as is the case with any such assessments, there is always the chance that the company will fail to identify all pertinent factors or that the company will fail to accurately estimate the impacts of factors identified.
credit losses may exceed the amount of the company's reserves due to changing economic conditions, falling real estate prices, falling commodity prices, higher unemployment, or other factors such as changes in borrower behavior. there is no assurance that reserves will be sufficient to cover all credit losses. in the event of significant deterioration in current or projected future economic conditions, the company may be required to increase reserves in future periods, which would reduce the company's earnings and potentially impact its capital.
the company may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent that loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral.
the company's credit risk and credit losses can increase if the company's loans are concentrated in borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or in borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic, market conditions, or climate change.
deterioration in economic conditions, housing conditions, or real estate values, including as a result of climate change or natural disasters, in the markets in which the company operates could result in materially higher credit losses. the company is also subject to physical risks of climate change, which could manifest in the form of asset quality deterioration and could be exacerbated by specific portfolio concentrations, and transition risks of climate change, which could manifest through longer-term shifts in market dynamics and consumer preferences and could be exacerbated in specific industries that may be more sensitive or vulnerable to a transition to a low carbon economy.
22 truist financial corporation the company may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions.
during periods of market stress or illiquidity, the company's credit risk may be further increased when it fails to realize the expected value of the collateral it holds; collateral is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount owed to truist; or counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons. furthermore, disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral may increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and truist could suffer losses during these periods if it is unable to realize the expected value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral.
liquidity risks loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase truist's funding costs.
deposits are a low cost and stable source of funding. truist competes with banks and other financial institutions for deposits and as a result, the company could lose deposits in the future, clients may shift their deposits into higher cost products, or the company may need to raise interest rates to avoid deposit attrition. funding costs may also increase if deposits lost are replaced with wholesale funding. higher funding costs reduce truist's net interest margin, net interest income, and net income. in recent months, the environment for maintaining and growing deposits has become more challenging as the frb reduces the size of its balance sheet through quantitative tightening and continues to increase interest rates giving clients an incentive to move deposits to money market funds and other higher-yielding alternatives, which could lead to an increase in the reliance on higher cost wholesale funding.
truist's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access short-term funding, an unforeseen outflow of cash, or the inability to monetize liquid assets.
liquidity is essential to truist's businesses. when volatility or disruptions occur in the wholesale funding markets, the company's ability to access short-term liquidity could be materially impaired. in addition, idiosyncratic factors, as well as other factors outside of the company's control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties, could impair the company's ability to access short-term funding or create an unforeseen outflow of cash due to, among other factors, draws on unfunded commitments or deposit attrition. the company's inability to monetize liquid assets or to access short-term funding or capital markets could constrain the company's ability to make new loans or meet existing lending commitments and could ultimately jeopardize the company's overall liquidity and capitalization.
truist relies on the mortgage secondary market and gses for some of the company's liquidity.
truist sells a portion of the mortgage loans that it originates to reduce the company's retained credit risk and to provide funding capacity for originating additional loans. gses could limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints or other changes in their criteria for conforming loans (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). this potential reduction in purchases could limit the company's ability to fund new loans.
any reduction in the company's credit ratings could increase the company's cost of funding or reduce its access to the capital markets.
credit ratings are influenced by many factors, including the company's profitability, asset quality, capital levels, liquidity, business mix, operations, and risk management practices. credit ratings may also be influenced by other factors, some of which are outside the company's control, such as recent and anticipated economic trends, geopolitical risk, legislative and regulatory developments, including implied levels of government support during a crisis, environmental, social, and governance considerations, and litigation, as well as changes to the rating agencies' methodologies, among others. truist's failure to maintain credit ratings could adversely affect funding costs and increase the company's cost of capital. a downgrade to truist's credit ratings might also adversely impact the company's ability to conduct derivatives business with certain clients and counterparties and could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments to certain clients and counterparties. additionally, a ratings downgrade could affect the company's ability to attract or retain funding, including deposits from commercial and corporate clients.
the parent company could have less access to funding sources and its liquidity could be constrained if the bank becomes unable to pay dividends during a time of stress.
the parent company relies upon capital markets access and dividends from affiliates for funding and has less access to contingent funding sources than the bank. if the bank were subject to a financial stress, its dividends to the parent company could be reduced or eliminated in order to support bank capital ratios or other regulatory requirements. this would increase the parent company's reliance on capital markets at a time when spreads and funding costs are likely elevated due the stress impacting the bank.
truist may be impacted by the soundness of other financial institutions.
the company's ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. truist has exposure to many different industries and counterparties and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, central counterparties, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional investors and clients. as a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions or the financial services industry generally, in the past have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by truist or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose the company to credit risk in the event of default of the company's counterparty or client. in addition, the company's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by truist cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the company's exposure. any such losses could materially and adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition.
technology risks the company faces cybersecurity risks, including denial of service, phishing, malware and ransomware attacks, potential insider threats, and third-party cybersecurity incidents, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect the company's operations, cause reputational damage, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
the company's computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties are targeted in cyberattacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, malware or ransomware intrusion, data corruption attempts, terrorist activities, or identity theft. the company's business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in the company's information systems and that of third parties. in addition, to access the company's network, products, and services, the company's clients and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of the company's network environment and can introduce added cybersecurity risks.
truist and truist's clients, regulators and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to and are likely to continue to be the target of cyberattacks and similar incidents. cyberattacks may expose security vulnerabilities in the company's systems or the systems of third parties or other security measures that could result in the unauthorized gathering, monitoring, misuse, release, loss, or destruction of confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information. a cyberattack could also damage the company's systems by introducing material disruptions to the company's or the company's clients' or other third parties' network access or business operations. as cyber threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance the company's protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of the company's systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, the company may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may the company be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences to truist.
cybersecurity risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies to facilitate and conduct financial transactions. for example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as truist continues to evolve its internal and external digital offerings and capabilities. in addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled teammates or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and may not be recognized until launched or well after a breach has occurred. in addition, the existence of cyberattacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to the company's data may not be disclosed to the company in a timely manner.
24 truist financial corporation the company also faces indirect technology, cybersecurity and other operational risks relating to clients and other third parties that the company relies upon to facilitate or enable business activities, including, financial counterparties, regulators, and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. as a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence, and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyberattack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes, or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants. this consolidation, interconnectivity, and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. any third-party technology failure, cyberattack, other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect the company's ability to conduct transactions, service the company's clients, manage the company's exposure to risk or expand the company's business.
a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause serious negative consequences, including loss of clients and business opportunities; costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant disruption to the company's operations and business; misappropriation, exposure or destruction of the company's confidential information, intellectual property, funds and those of the company's clients; damage to the company's or the company's clients' or third parties' computers or systems; or a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws. this could result in litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties, loss of confidence in the company's security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, and additional compliance costs, which could adversely impact the company's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. in addition, the company may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.
the company's operational capabilities managed or supplied by third parties could fail, be compromised, or be breached, which could disrupt the company's business and adversely impact the company's results of operations, and financial condition, as well as cause legal exposure or reputational harm.
the potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout the company's business and, as a result of the company's interactions with and reliance on third parties, is not limited to the company's own internal operational functions. the company's operational and security systems and infrastructure, including computer systems, data management and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to the company's performance. truist relies on numerous third-party service providers to conduct aspects of its business operations and faces operational risks relating to them. third-party cybersecurity incidents, such as system breakdowns or failures, misconduct by the employees of such parties, or cyberattacks, including ransomware, and supply-chain compromises, could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the company or result in lost or compromised information of the company or its clients. truist cannot be certain that we will receive timely notification of such cyberattacks or other security breaches. like other large enterprises, truist experiences malicious cyber activity directed at our vendors and other service providers. there is no guarantee that the measures the company takes will provide absolute security or recoverability given that the techniques used in cyberattacks are complex and frequently change and are difficult to anticipate. truist teammates and third parties may expose the company to risk as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, or a failure or breach of systems and infrastructure. for example, the company's ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions, including to third parties with whom the company interacts or relies upon.
the financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. truist has invested in technology to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of clients to engage in financial transactions and otherwise to enhance the client experience with respect to the company's products and services. truist expects to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. these changes allow the company to better serve the company's clients and to reduce costs.
the company's continued success depends, in part, upon the company's ability to address clients' needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in the company's operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms. a failure to maintain or enhance the company's competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations, a failure in the performance of technological developments or an untimely roll out of developments, may cause the company to lose market share or incur additional expense.
the company faces risks associated with quality, availability, and retention of key data for operational, strategic, regulatory, and compliance purposes.
the company's financial and regulatory reporting and key business decisions are reliant on the quality, availability, and retention of data. while truist has implemented a robust data management control framework to mitigate the risks associated with data while at rest, in motion, and in use, a control failure may lead to data loss, data misuse, and data quality risks. these failures may ultimately result in inaccuracies in financial and regulatory reports, inhibited management decision-making, financial loss, reputational risk, and regulatory compliance risk, including privacy compliance risks to the extent that the company has ineffective or flawed consumer data management processes and monitoring.
in addition, a significant portion of the company's workforce continues to work remotely at least on a part-time basis, which may increase cybersecurity risks to the company. commercial clients have experienced varying levels of disruptions on their supply chains or decreases in demand for their products and services. consumer clients have experienced interrupted income or unemployment. certain industries have been particularly susceptible to the effects of the pandemic, including industries where truist has outstanding loans to clients.
the effects of the pandemic initially resulted in an increase in the allowance for credit losses, a reduction of fee income, a reduction of net interest margin, a decrease in demand for certain types of loans, and an increase in expenses. a resurgence of pandemic conditions could reintroduce these impacts and also affect the company's capital and liquidity position, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause an outflow of deposits, influence the recognition of credit losses on loans and securities and increase the allowance for credit losses, result in additional lost revenue, cause additional increases in expenses, result in goodwill impairment charges, result in the impairment of other financial and nonfinancial assets, and increase the company's cost of capital.
physical, transition, or other risks associated with climate change have the potential to negatively impact operations, business results, and clients.
there is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. climate change presents (i) physical risks from the direct impacts of changing climate patterns and acute weather events, such as damage to physical assets and service disruptions, and (ii) transition risks from changes in regulations, disruptive technologies, and shifting market dynamics towards a lower carbon economy. the physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes, and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. physical risks may alter the company's strategic direction in order to mitigate certain financial risks. such events could also disrupt the company's operations or those of its clients or third parties the company relies on, not only through direct damage to assets, but also from indirect impacts due to supply chain disruption and market volatility.
transition risks, including changes in consumer preferences, additional regulatory requirements or taxes and additional counterparty or client requirements, could have a material adverse impact on asset values and the financial performance of truist's businesses, and those of its clients. climate change could also present incremental risks to the execution of the company's long-term strategy. while material impact from climate change is expected to occur over a longer time horizon, the acceleration of a transition to a low-carbon economy could present idiosyncratic risks for individual companies. additionally, transitioning to a low-carbon economy will entail extensive policy, legal, technology, and market initiatives.
additionally, the company faces potential reputational risks as a result of its practices related to climate change, including as a result of the company's direct or indirect involvement in certain industries, as well as any decisions management makes in response to managing climate risk, especially as views on climate-related matters become subject to increased polarization. as climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, truist continues to embed climate risk considerations into risk management strategies. due to the level of uncertainty around the future path of climate change, the company's risk management strategies may not be effective in fully mitigating climate risk exposures.
fraud attacks across the banking sector have significantly increased in recent years. bad actors have industrialized the execution of fraud attacks with ever increasing sophistication and speed. bad actors increasingly use sophisticated applications and techniques to perpetrate the fraud. in some cases, these individuals are associated with large criminal organizations that share tactics and strategies. fraud schemes are wide ranging, including: counterfeit and forged checks; debit and credit card fraud; social engineering; atm attacks through the use of skimmers to obtain client data; and phishing to obtain client account credentials. these schemes make use of a variety of products and services to steal funds, such as real-time payments, ach and wire transfers. bad actors perpetuate fraudulent activity by impersonating real clients with stolen identities and account credentials, use other individuals, known as mules, to interact with truist, or create new identities, referred to as synthetic identities. in some instances, the fraud is committed by existing clients.
natural disasters and other catastrophic events, which may increase in frequency and intensity due to climate change, could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations or the company's financial condition and results.
the occurrence of catastrophic weather events or pandemics could adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operations. truist has significant operations and clients along the gulf and atlantic coasts as well as other regions of the u.s., which could be adversely impacted by hurricanes, tornadoes and other severe weather in those areas. truist and its clients could also be disrupted by the physical effects of climate change, which may become more frequent and severe. natural and other types of disasters, including as a result of climate change, could have an adverse impact on truist's businesses in that such events could materially disrupt the company's operations or the ability or willingness of the company's clients to access the financial services offered by truist, including adverse impacts on the company's borrowers to timely repay their loans and the value of any collateral held. these events could reduce the company's earnings and cause volatility in the company's financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
although truist has business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, the company's operations and communications may be adversely affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events, and there can be no assurance that such business continuity plans will be effective.
an outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the u.s. economy and on truist's businesses.
aggressive actions by hostile governments or groups, including armed conflict or intensified cyberattacks, could expand in unpredictable ways by drawing in other countries or escalating into full-scale war with potentially catastrophic consequences, particularly if one or more of the combatants possess nuclear weapons. depending on the scope of the conflict, the hostilities could result in worldwide economic disruption, heightened volatility in financial markets, severe declines in asset values, disruption of global trade and supply chains, and diminished consumer, business and investor confidence. any of the above consequences could have significant negative effects on the u.s. economy, and, as a result, truist's operations and earnings. truist could also experience more numerous and aggressive cyberattacks launched by or under the sponsorship of one or more of the adversaries in such a conflict.
compliance risks truist is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which could increase the cost of doing business, limit truist's ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions.
the banking and financial services industries are highly regulated. truist is subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by regulators, including the frb, fdic, nccob, sec, cftc, cfpb, finra, nfa, and various other federal and state regulatory agencies. the statutory and regulatory framework governing truist is generally intended to protect depositors, the dif, clients, and the u.s. financial system as a whole, and not truist's debt holders or shareholders. truist is also subject to heightened requirements under the enhanced prudential standards and expects increased supervisory scrutiny, including, for example, single counterparty credit limits, heightened expectations with respect to governance, risk management and internal controls and additional capital and liquidity requirements. reform of the financial services industry resulting from the dodd-frank act, including the egrrcpa and other legislative, regulatory, and technological changes, affect the company's operations.
these laws and regulations and truist's inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval affect truist's lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among other activities. changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or their interpretation or implementation and the continued heightening of regulatory requirements could affect truist in substantial and unpredictable ways. federal and state banking regulators also possess broad powers to take supervisory actions as they deem appropriate. these supervisory actions may result in higher capital requirements, higher deposit insurance premiums, higher compliance expenses, and limitations on the company's activities that could have a material adverse effect on operations or profitability.
in recent years, both congress and the federal banking regulators have engaged in a rebalancing of the post financial crisis legal and regulatory framework, particularly by tailoring enhanced prudential standards to the size, risk profile, and complexity of the banking organization. under the current presidential administration and congress, the company and other large financial institutions are becoming subject to increased scrutiny, more intense supervision and regulation, and a higher risk of enforcement action, with increased fines and penalties which we expect to continue. truist expects that its businesses will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. any potential new regulations or modifications to existing regulations would likely necessitate changes to truist's existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. compliance with new regulations and supervisory initiatives may increase costs. in addition, concerns over climate change may prompt changes in regulations that, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on asset values and the financial performance of truist's businesses and its clients.
financial regulators' prudential and supervisory authority gives them broad power and discretion to direct truist's actions, and they have assumed an active oversight, examination, and enforcement role across the financial services industry on both the federal and state levels. areas of focus in the recent past have been with respect to mortgage-related practices, student lending practices, auto lending practices, complaints management, sales practices and related incentive compensation programs, consumer privacy, fair banking, overdraft and other fees, retention and recordkeeping of electronic communications, and other consumer compliance matters. truist continues to be subject to examinations and ongoing monitoring to assess compliance with bsa/aml laws and regulations, as well as sanctions compliance administered by the ofac. additionally, actual or alleged misconduct by teammates, including unethical, fraudulent, improper, or illegal conduct, or unfair, deceptive, abusive, or discriminatory practices, can result in litigation, or government investigations and enforcement actions, and cause significant reputational harm, even if ultimately unsubstantiated.
truist also relies upon third parties who may expose the company to compliance and legal risk. new or existing legal requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of perceived misuses of customer data by the company and third parties. see additional disclosures in the "regulatory considerations" section.
truist could become subject to future legislation and regulatory requirements beyond those currently proposed, adopted, or contemplated, including policies and rulemaking related to the dodd-frank act, limits on acquisitions, and more stringent capital and liquidity requirements. the cumulative effect of such legislation and regulations on truist's' business, operations, and profitability cannot be accurately predicted. such regulatory changes may reduce truist's revenues, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products.
truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect the company's business, operations, and ability to pay dividends, or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the frb and the fdic. these regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are typically developed at an international level by the bcbs and then applied, with adjustments, in each country by the appropriate domestic regulatory bodies. domestic regulatory agencies have the ability to apply stricter capital and liquidity standards than those developed by the bcbs. in several instances, the u.s. banking agencies have done so with respect to u.s. banking organizations.
requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity and regulatory expectations as to the quality of the company's capital and liquidity may prevent the company from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force the company to take actions contrary to their interests. for example, truist may be limited in its ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. in addition, these requirements may impact the amount and type of loans the company is able to make. truist may be constrained in its ability to expand, either organically or through mergers and acquisitions. these requirements may cause the company to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets' underlying risks. in addition, liquidity standards require the company to maintain holdings of highly liquid investments, thereby reducing the company's ability to invest in less liquid assets, even if more desirable from a balance sheet return or interest rate risk management perspective. as a category iii banking organization, truist is subject to additional capital and liquidity requirements.
28 truist financial corporation the liquidity standards applicable to large u.s. banking organizations have been supplemented in recent years. the nsfr rule, which is designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities, became effective on july 1, 2021. public disclosure of the nsfr will begin in 2023.
in addition to the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to truist and truist bank, the company's broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements established by the sec.
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements receive periodic review and revision by the bcbs and the u.s. banking agencies. changes to capital and liquidity requirements may require truist or truist bank to maintain more or higher quality capital or greater liquidity and could increase some of the potential adverse effects described above.
truist is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated when selling mortgage loans or loan securitizations. an increase in the number of repurchase and indemnity demands from purchasers related to representations and warranties on loans sold could result in an increase in the amount of losses for loan repurchases. truist also bears a risk of loss from borrower defaults for multi-family commercial mortgage loans sold to fnma.
in addition to repurchase claims from gses, truist could be subject to indemnification claims from non-gse purchasers of the company's loans. claims could be made if the loans sold fail to conform to statements about their quality, the manner in which the loans were originated and underwritten or their compliance with state and federal law.
the company acts as servicer and master servicer for mortgage loans included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. as a servicer or master servicer for those loans, the company has certain contractual obligations to the securitization trusts, investors, or other third parties. as a servicer, truist's obligations include foreclosing on defaulted mortgage loans or, to the extent consistent with the applicable securitization or other investor agreement, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short sales. in the company's capacity as a master servicer, obligations include overseeing the servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. generally, the company's servicing obligations are set by contract, for which the company receives a contractual fee. however, gses can amend their servicing guidelines unilaterally, which can increase the scope or costs of the services required without any corresponding increase in the company's servicing fee. further, the cfpb has implemented national servicing standards, which have increased the scope and cost of services that the company is required to perform. in addition, there has been a significant increase in state laws that impose additional servicing requirements that increase the scope and cost of the company's servicing obligations. as a servicer, the company also advances expenses on behalf of investors, which it may be unable to collect.
a material breach of the company's obligations as servicer or master servicer may result in contract termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice, which can generally be given by the securitization trustee or a specified percentage of security holders, causing the company to lose servicing income. in addition, the company may be required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses from any failure by the company, as a servicer or master servicer, to perform the company's servicing obligations or any act or omission on the company's part that involves willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence. for certain investors and certain transactions, truist may be contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan. the company may be subject to increased repurchase obligations as a result of claims made that the company did not satisfy its obligations as a servicer or master servicer. the company may also experience increased loss severity on repurchases, which may require a material increase to the company's repurchase reserve.
the company has and may continue to receive indemnification requests related to the company's servicing of loans owned or insured by other parties, primarily gses. typically, such a claim seeks to impose a compensatory fee on the company for departures from gse service levels. in most cases, this is related to delays in the foreclosure process. additionally, the company has received indemnification requests where an investor or insurer has suffered a loss due to a breach of the servicing agreement. while the number of such claims has been small, these could increase in the future.
truist's businesses are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information of individuals. individuals whose personal information may be protected by law can include the company's clients (and in some cases its clients' clients), prospective clients, job applicants, teammates, and the employees of the company's vendors, and third parties. complying with the laws, rules and regulations applicable to the company's disclosure, collection, use, sharing and storage of personal information can increase operating costs, impact the development of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency. any mishandling or misuse of personal information by the company or a third-party affiliated with the company could expose the company to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions.
additional risks could arise from the failure of the company or third parties to provide adequate disclosure or transparency to the company's clients about the personal information collected from them and the use of such information; to receive, document, and honor the privacy preferences expressed by the company's clients; to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure; or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all teammates or third parties who have access to personal information. concerns regarding the effectiveness of truist's measures to safeguard personal information, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate, could cause truist to lose existing or potential clients, and thereby reduce truist's revenues. furthermore, any failure or perceived failure by the company to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, rules and regulations may subject it to inquiries, examinations and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, significant liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. any of these could damage truist's reputation and otherwise adversely affect its businesses.
in recent years, well-publicized incidents involving the inappropriate collection, use, sharing or storage of personal information have led to expanded governmental scrutiny of practices relating to the safeguarding of personal information by companies. that scrutiny has in some cases resulted in, and could in the future lead to, the adoption of stricter laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, sharing and storage of personal information. truist will likely be subject to new and evolving data privacy laws in the u.s. and abroad, which could result in additional costs of compliance, litigation, regulatory fines, and enforcement actions. these types of laws, rules and regulations could prohibit or significantly restrict financial services firms such as truist from sharing information among affiliates or with third parties such as vendors, and thereby increase compliance costs, or could restrict truist's use of personal data when developing or offering products or services to clients. these restrictions could also inhibit truist's development or marketing of certain products or services or increase the costs of offering them to clients.
differences in regulation can affect the company's ability to compete effectively.
the content and application of laws and regulations affecting financial services firms sometimes vary according to factors such as the size of the firm, the jurisdiction in which it is organized or operates, and other criteria. large institutions, such as the company, often are subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and supervision than smaller institutions. in addition, financial technology companies and other non-traditional competitors may not be subject to banking regulation or may be supervised by a national or state regulatory agency that does not have the same regulatory priorities or supervisory requirements as the company's regulators. these differences in regulation can impair the company's ability to compete effectively with competitors that are less regulated and do not have similar compliance costs.
truist must comply with laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, embargo programs and anti-corruption, which can increase its risks of non-compliance and costs associated with the implementation and maintenance of complex compliance programs. a violation of any of these legal and regulatory requirements could subject truist or individual employees to regulatory enforcement actions as well as significant civil and criminal penalties.
embedded within strategic risks are risks associated with:
•maintaining a level of earnings appropriate to support growth objectives and the ability to maintain dividends in various economic cycles,
•changes and events within the external environment, including geopolitical, macroeconomic, social, cultural, competitive, and regulatory factors, and
competition may reduce truist's client base or cause truist to modify pricing for products and services.
truist operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive with growth in areas such as neo-banks, fintechs, and other non-bank platforms. increased competition could arise from technological advancements, legislative and regulatory changes, as well as competition from other financial services companies, some of which may be subject to less extensive regulation than truist. the company's success depends, in part, on the company's ability to adapt its offering of products and services to evolving industry standards and client expectations. the widespread adoption of new technologies has required and will continue to require substantial investments to modify existing products and services or to develop new products and services. in addition, there is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices further reducing contribution margins. the company may not be successful in introducing new products and services in response to industry trends or developments in technology or those new products may not achieve market acceptance.
truist also competes with nonbank companies inside and outside of the company's market area and, in some cases, with companies other than those traditionally considered financial sector participants. in particular, technology companies are increasingly focusing on the financial sector, either in partnership with competitor banking organizations or on their own. these companies generally are not subject to the same regulatory oversight as main street financial institutions and may accordingly realize certain cost strategies and offer products and services at more favorable rates and with greater convenience to the client. this competition could result in the loss of clients and revenue in areas where fintechs are operating. as the pace of technology and change advance, continuous innovation is expected to exert long-term pressure on the financial services industry.
the adoption of new technologies by competitors, including internet banking services, mobile applications, advanced atm functionality and cryptocurrencies could require the company to make substantial investments to modify or adapt the company's existing products and services or even radically alter the way truist conducts business. these and other capital investments in the company's business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure.
truist may not be able to complete future mergers or acquisitions.
the company must generally satisfy a number of meaningful conditions before completing an acquisition of another bank or bhc, including federal and state regulatory approvals. in determining whether to approve a proposed bank or bhc acquisition, bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition; financial condition and future prospects, including current and projected capital ratios and levels; the competence, experience and integrity of management; record of compliance with laws and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution's record of compliance under the cra; the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities; and public comments from various stakeholders. in addition, u.s. regulators must take systemic risk to the u.s. financial system into account when evaluating whether to approve a potential acquisition transaction involving a large financial institution like truist. there is no certainty as to when or if or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted for any potential acquisition. in specific cases, truist may be required to sell banks or branches or take other actions as a condition to receiving regulatory approval. an inability to satisfy other conditions necessary to consummate an acquisition transaction, such as third-party litigation, a judicial order blocking the transaction or lack of shareholder approval, could also prevent the company from completing an announced acquisition. there has been increased scrutiny of bank and financial institution acquisitions from regulators and government entities in recent years. refer to the "acquisitions" section within item 1 "business" for additional discussion.
truist is a diversified financial services company. this diversity subjects the company's earnings to a broader variety of risks and uncertainties. other businesses in addition to banking that the company operates include insurance brokerage, investment banking, securities underwriting and market making, loan syndications, investment management and advice and retail and wholesale brokerage services offered through the company's subsidiaries. these businesses entail significant market, operational, credit, compliance, technology, legal and other risks that could materially adversely impact the company's results of operations.
truist maintains systems and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that these will be effective. in addition to fines and penalties, the company may suffer other negative consequences from regulatory violations including restrictions on certain activities, such as the company's mortgage business, which may affect the company's relationship with the gses and may also damage the company's reputation and this in turn might materially affect the company's business and results of operations.
federal law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement agencies. this enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. any future enforcement action could have a material adverse impact. in addition, governmental authorities have, at times, sought criminal penalties against companies in the financial services sector for violations, and, at times, have required an admission of wrongdoing from financial institutions in connection with resolving such matters. criminal convictions or admissions of wrongdoing in a settlement with the government can lead to greater exposure in civil litigation, reputational harm, and other significant collateral consequences such as restrictions on engaging in new activities or acquisitions.
a failure to comply with regulatory requirements and expectations could expose the company to fines, regulatory penalties, other costs, reputational damage, civil litigation, and regulatory or enforcement actions which may, in turn, result in limitations on engaging in new activities or expanding geographically and lead to higher operational and compliance costs. in some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including loss of clients, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices also may be incorporated into truist's confidential supervisory ratings. a downgrade in these ratings, or these or other regulatory actions and settlements, could limit truist's ability to conduct expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals before truist can engage in certain other business activities.
further, some legal frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even when the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even when there were controls in place designed to ensure compliance. for example, truist is subject to orders and regulations issued by ofac that prohibit financial institutions from engaging with prohibited parties, including certain foreign governments, legal entities and individuals. ofac has the authority to impose penalties for any violation of the prohibitions, whether the violation is intentional or unintentional, even if there were appropriate controls and truist acted in good faith.
in the ordinary course of its business, the company is subject to lawsuits, claims, and formal and informal enforcement activity, including regulatory investigations. the volume of legal proceedings against participants in the financial services industry, including the company, is substantial, and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities are becoming more common in the current regulatory environment. legal proceedings against financial services firms may increase depending on factors such as market downturn, changes in law and increased regulatory scrutiny.
32 truist financial corporation heightened regulatory scrutiny or the results of an investigation or examination may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. there is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against truist. furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings by multiple federal and state agencies and officials. in addition, if one or more financial institutions are found to have violated a law or regulation relating to certain business activities, this could lead to investigations by regulators or other governmental agencies of the same or similar activities by other financial institutions, including truist, and large fines and remedial measures that may have been imposed in resolving earlier investigations for the same or similar activities at other financial institutions may be used as the basis for future settlements.
claims and legal actions, including class action lawsuits and enforcement proceedings, could involve large monetary amounts, significant defense costs, and result in settlements, judgments, penalties, fines, injunctions, or other forms of relief that are adverse to the company. responding to inquiries, investigations, lawsuits, and other proceedings is time-consuming and expensive and can divert senior management attention from truist's business.
the outcome of any such legal proceedings, as well as the timing of any ultimate resolutions, may be difficult to predict or estimate. actual legal and other costs arising from claims and legal actions may be greater than the company's legal accruals. further, the company may not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss where the loss cannot be reasonably estimated. the ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding or significant regulatory or government action against the company could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition or cause significant reputational harm, which may adversely impact the company's business prospects. further, the company may be exposed to substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition.
truist's earnings and capital are subject to risks associated with negative public opinion. negative public opinion could result from the company's actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending, sales and other operating practices, corporate governance, acquisitions, a breach of client or teammate information, the failure of any product or service sold to meet clients' expectations or applicable regulatory requirements. in addition, the public perception that a cyber-attack on the company's systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage the company's reputation with clients and third parties with whom the company does business. the compromise of personal information, in particular, could result in identify theft and cause serious reputational harm. any cybersecurity breaches, attacks and other similar incidents could significantly harm truist's reputation, which could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operation.
negative public opinion could also result from increased polarization of environmental and social considerations that may affect truist and clients of truist. negative public opinion could adversely affect the company's ability to attract and retain clients and teammates and can result in litigation and regulatory actions. actual or alleged conduct by one of the company's businesses can result in negative public opinion about the company's other businesses. actual or alleged conduct by another financial services company can result in negative public opinion about the financial services industry in general and, as a result, adversely affect truist.
the company may face increased scrutiny of its sales and other business practices, training practices, incentive compensation design and governance, and quality assurance and client complaint resolution practices. there can be no assurance that the company's processes and actions will meet regulatory standards or expectations. findings from self-identified or regulatory reviews may require responsive actions, including increased investments in compliance systems and teammates or the payment of fines, penalties, increased regulatory assessments or client redress and may increase legal or reputational risk exposures.
talent management risks truist depends on the expertise of key teammates. if these individuals leave or change their roles without effective replacements, operations may suffer.
the company's success depends, to a large degree, on the continued services of executive officers and other key teammates who have extensive experience in the industry. the company's business could be adversely impacted from the loss of key persons or failure to manage a smooth transition to new teammates.
the company depends on the ability to attract and retain qualified teammates while effectively managing recruiting and compensation costs amid highly competitive and rapidly changing market conditions in order to implement and execute upon business strategies.
the company's success depends upon the ability to attract and retain high performing, diverse and well-qualified teammates. the company faces significant competition in the recruitment of highly motivated teammates who can deliver truist's purpose, mission, and values, which has recently intensified as a result of changes in the labor market caused by covid-19, broader economic factors and evolving expectations of the workforce. changes in employee preferences for work environments, in particular the desire of teammates to work remotely for many or all of their hours, may impact our ability to attract and retain qualified teammates in those areas of our operations that require a concentration of onsite personnel (e.g., call centers). the company's ability to execute its business strategy and provide high quality service may suffer if the company is unable to recruit or retain a sufficient number of qualified teammates or if the costs of employee compensation or benefits increase substantially. the u.s. banking agencies have jointly issued comprehensive guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation policies do not undermine the safety and soundness of banking organizations by encouraging teammates to take imprudent risks. this guidance significantly affects the amount, form, and context of incentive compensation that may be provided to teammates and could negatively affect truist's ability to compete for talent relative to non-banking companies. the sec finalized its incentive compensation clawback rule which may result in additional costs and restrictions on the form of the company's incentive compensation.
the company's operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees.
truist's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of its clients, and to maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on its ability to staff its operations appropriately and on the competence, integrity, health and safety of its teammates. truist is similarly dependent on the workforces of other parties on which its operations rely, including vendors and other service providers. truist's businesses could be materially and adversely affected by the ineffective implementation of business decisions; any failure to institute controls that appropriately address risks associated with business activities; or to appropriately train teammates with respect to those risks and controls; or staffing shortages, particularly in tight labor markets. changes in law or regulation in jurisdictions in which our operations are located that affect employees may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain qualified teammates in those jurisdictions. in addition, the company's business could be adversely impacted by a significant operational breakdown or failure, theft, fraud or other unlawful conduct, or other negative outcomes caused by human error or misconduct by a teammate of truist or an employee of another party on which truist's operations depend. truist's operations could also be impaired if the measures taken by it or by governmental authorities to help ensure the health and safety of its teammates are ineffective, or if any external party on which truist relies fails to take appropriate and effective actions to protect the health and safety of its employees.
truist relies on models to measure risks, estimate certain financial values, and inform certain business decisions. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items.
poorly designed, implemented, or incorrectly used models present the risk that certain truist business decisions may be adversely affected by inappropriate model output. also, information truist provides to the public or to its regulators based on poorly designed, implemented, or incorrectly used models could be inaccurate or misleading. certain decisions that the regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to truist's shareholders, could be adversely affected due to the perception of insufficient model quality or incorrect model use.
the company's accounting policies and processes are critical to how the company reports its financial condition and results of operations and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.
accounting policies and processes are fundamental to how the company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of the company's assets or liabilities and financial results. several of the company's accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. if assumptions or estimates underlying the company's financial statements are incorrect or are adjusted periodically, the company may experience material losses.
34 truist financial corporation management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management's judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments, and contingencies. a variety of factors could affect the realization of income and expense or the recognition of assets and liabilities in the company's financial statements. truist has established detailed policies and procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. in addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. due to the uncertainty surrounding the company's judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, the company cannot guarantee that adjustments to accounting policies or restatement of prior period financial statements will not be required.
further, from time to time, the fasb and sec change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the company's financial statements. in addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond the company's control, can be hard to predict and could materially affect how the company reports its financial results and condition. in some cases, the company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements.
depressed market values for the company's stock and adverse economic conditions sustained over a period of time may require the company to write down all or some portion of the company's goodwill.
goodwill is periodically tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. if the fair value is greater than the carrying amount, then the reporting unit's goodwill is deemed not to be impaired. the fair value of a reporting unit is impacted by the reporting unit's expected financial performance and susceptibility to adverse economic, regulatory, and legislative changes. future adverse changes in economic conditions or expected financial performance may cause the fair value of a reporting unit to be below its carrying amount, resulting in goodwill impairment. the estimated fair values of the individual reporting units are assessed for reasonableness by reviewing a variety of indicators, including comparing these estimated fair values to the company's market capitalization over a reasonable period of time. while this comparison provides some relative market information about the estimated fair value of the reporting units, it is not determinative and needs to be evaluated in the context of the current economic environment. however, significant and sustained declines in the company's market capitalization could be an indication of potential goodwill impairment. refer to the "critical accounting policies" section for additional details related to the company's intangible assets policy.
third parties provide key components of the company's business infrastructure, such as banking services, data processing, business processes, internet connections, and network access. any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to clients, to support teammates and otherwise to conduct business. technological or financial difficulties of a third-party service provider could adversely affect the company's business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. further, in some instances, the company may be responsible for failures of such third parties to comply with government regulations. the company is not insured against all types of losses as a result of third-party failures, and the insurance coverage that does exist may be inadequate to protect the company from all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. failures in the company's business infrastructure could interrupt its operations or increase the costs of doing business.
the company's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss. truist has established policies, processes, and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the company is subject, including liquidity, credit, market, operational, technology, reputational, strategic, and compliance risk, among others. however, the company's risk management measures may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating the company's risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated, even if the frameworks for assessing risk are properly designed and implemented. some of the company's methods of managing risk are based upon the company's use of observed historical market behavior and management's judgment. these methods may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. if the company's risk management framework proves ineffective, it could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, truist relies on the completeness and accuracy of representations made by and information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. if the information provided is not accurate or complete, the company's decisions about extending credit or entering into other transactions with clients or counterparties could be adversely affected and the company could suffer defaults, credit losses or other negative consequences as a result.
truist can be negatively affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services, and delivery platforms.
when truist launches a new product or service, introduces a new platform for the delivery or distribution of products or services (including mobile connectivity, electronic trading and cloud computing), acquires or invests in a business or makes changes to an existing product, service or delivery platform, it may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from those changes, or may fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate the risks associated with those changes. any significant failure in this regard could diminish truist's ability to operate one or more of its businesses or result in potential liability to clients and counterparties, and result in increased operating expenses. the company could also experience higher litigation costs, including regulatory fines, penalties and other sanctions, reputational damage, impairment of truist's liquidity, regulatory intervention, or weaker competitive standing. any of the foregoing consequences could materially and adversely affect truist's businesses and results of operations.
the company must comply with enhanced regulatory and other standards associated with doing business with vendors and other service providers, including standards relating to the outsourcing of functions as well as the performance of significant banking and other functions by subsidiaries. truist incurs significant costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its internal and external service providers. truist's failure to appropriately assess and manage these relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could materially adversely affect truist. specifically, any such failure could result in: potential harm to clients, and any liability associated with that harm; regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions; lower revenues, and the opportunity cost from lost revenues; increased operational costs, or harm to truist's reputation.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations md&a is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and supplemental financial information. it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, and other information contained in this document. for discussion of 2021 results as compared to 2020 results, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.a description of certain factors that may affect our future results and risk factors is set forth in part i, item 1a-risk factors of this report.
executive overview this year was a strategic turning point for truist as we began to shift our focus to executional excellence and purposeful growth. results for 2022 were solid, reflecting post-integration momentum and progress in many areas. robust loan growth, significant margin expansion, and good cost discipline contributed to our strong performance. credit quality remains strong reflecting our conservative credit culture and diverse business mix. we also delivered on our commitment to achieve positive operating leverage for the full-year 2022.
we fulfilled our purpose to inspire and build better lives and communities in many ways throughout the year. we showed care for our teammates with a bold increase in our minimum wage; created new ways to meet clients' needs through initiatives like truist one banking and enhanced digital offerings like truist assist, truist invest pro, and truist trade; and supported our communities, including introducing a $120 million commitment to small businesses. in addition, we exceeded our $60 billion community benefits plan commitment that we established at the time of the merger.
we continued to have strong momentum during the year with regards to other environmental, social and governance initiatives that we have undertaken. we announced our goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, which will help support our clients' transition to a low-carbon economy. in support of this goal, we joined the partnership for carbon accounting financials, and set 2030 goals to reduce scope 1 and scope 2 emissions by 35% each, and to reduce water consumption by 25%, relative to 2019. with 17.2% of senior leadership roles being held by ethnically diverse teammates, we have exceeded our original goal and we aspire for continued growth in this area, and surpassed our goal of 10% spend with diverse suppliers in 2022. truist was ranked 5th overall within the just 100 list and recognized as one of fortune magazine's most admired companies.
truist maintained strong capital and liquidity in 2022 and made a number of strategic investments to deploy capital and expand on its businesses. during 2022, truist made the following acquisitions:
•bankdirect capital finance, the insurance premium finance unit of texas capital bancshares, which resulted in the addition of approximately $3.1 billion of loans;
•benefitmall, one of the nation's leading benefit wholesale general insurance agencies, to broaden the selection of products and services offered by ih's wholesale insurance broker;
•kensington vanguard national land services, one of the largest independent full-service national title insurance agencies, to expand ih's presence in the title insurance market; and
•a noncontrolling equity interest in suntrust merchant services, llc, in exchange for the rights to certain merchant banking relationships, including relationships previously referred by truist to suntrust merchant services, llc.
40 truist financial corporation financial results net income available to common shareholders totaled $5.9 billion for 2022, a 1.8% decrease from the prior year. on a diluted per common share basis, earnings for 2022 were $4.43, compared to $4.47 for 2021. truist's results of operations for 2022 produced a return on average assets of 1.15% and a return on average common shareholders' equity of 10.4% compared to prior year ratios of 1.23% and 9.7%, respectively. results include merger-related and restructuring charges of $513 million ($393 million after-tax) for 2022 compared to $822 million ($631 million after-tax) for 2021, and incremental operating expenses related to the merger of $465 million ($356 million after-tax) for 2022 compared to $771 million ($592 million after-tax) for 2021. additionally, the 2022 results include a gain on the redemption of noncontrolling equity interest of $74 million ($57 million after-tax) related to the acquisition of certain merchant services relationships, a gain on the early extinguishment of long-term debt of $39 million ($30 million after-tax), partially offset by net losses on the sales of securities of $71 million ($54 million after-tax). the 2021 results include charitable contributions of $200 million ($153 million after-tax), an acceleration of loss recognition related to certain terminated cash flow hedges of $36 million ($28 million after tax), and a one-time professional fee expense of $30 million ($23 million after tax), partially offset by a small gain on extinguishment of debt.
return on average common shareholders' equity                                                                    10.4                      9.7                      6.8                                  0.7                                  2.9
truist's revenue for 2022 was $23.0 billion. on a te basis, revenue was $23.2 billion, which represents an increase of $773 million compared to 2021. net interest income on a te basis was $14.5 billion, an increase of $1.3 billion primarily due to higher market interest rates coupled with strong loan growth and well controlled deposit costs. these increases were partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower ppp revenue. average earning assets increased $22.3 billion, or 4.9%, compared to the earlier year. the increase in average earning assets reflects a $13.4 billion, or 4.6%, increase in average outstanding loans and a $7.8 billion, or 5.6%, increase in average securities. average deposits increased $19.7 billion, or 4.9%, and average short-term borrowings increased $8.8 billion, or 142%, partially offset by a decrease in average long-term debt of $3.2 billion, or 8.7%, compared to the earlier year. noninterest income for 2022 decreased $571 million compared to 2021 primarily due to lower investment banking and mortgage banking income, partially offset by growth in insurance revenues.
nim was 3.01% for 2022, up 15 basis points compared to the prior year primarily due to higher market interest rates and well controlled deposit costs. the growth in nim was negatively impacted by lower purchase accounting accretion, which benefited nim by 13 basis points in 2022 compared to 26 basis points in 2021. the te yield on the total loan portfolio for 2022 was 4.36%, up 41 basis points. the te yield on the average securities portfolio was 1.88%, up 38 basis points. the average cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.42%, up 36 basis points. the average cost of total deposits was 0.27%, up 23 basis points. the average cost of long-term debt was 2.31%, up 78 basis points. the increases in rates on assets and liabilities reflects the rising rate environment during 2022.
the provision for credit losses was $777 million, compared to a benefit of $813 million for the prior year. the current year reflects strong loan growth and a moderate decline in the alll ratio, whereas the prior year included reserve releases due to the improving economic environment during that period. net charge-offs were $823 million, compared to $697 million for the prior year. the net charge-off ratio for the current year of 0.27% was up three basis points compared to the earlier year primarily driven by normalizing trends across certain consumer portfolios, partially offset by lower charge offs in the commercial and industrial portfolio.
noninterest expense decreased $527 million, or 3.5%, compared to the prior year. excluding the aforementioned items and the impact of amortization expense for intangibles, noninterest expense increased $380 million, or 3.0%, driven by higher professional fees, operational losses, expenses related to acquired companies and marketing expenses, partially offset by lower occupancy and equipment expenses.
the provision for income taxes was $1.4 billion for 2022, compared to $1.6 billion to 2021. the effective tax rate for 2022 was 18.3%, compared to 19.5% for the prior year. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by higher favorable permanent tax items and an increase in discrete tax benefits.
truist's total assets at december 31, 2022 were $555.3 billion, an increase of $14.0 billion, or 2.6%, compared to december 31, 2021. total loans and leases at december 31, 2022, were $327.4 billion, an increase of $33.1 billion, or 11% compared with december 31, 2021. the increase in loans reflects strong production during the year across most industry verticals and product groups in the commercial and industrial portfolio, as well as growth in the majority of the consumer portfolios. truist's total investment securities portfolio declined $25.1 billion, or 16%, as paydowns and maturities were reinvested in the loan portfolio and the fair value of the afs portfolio declined due to the rising rate environment. in the first quarter of 2022, truist transferred $59.4 billion of afs securities to htm as the company continues to execute upon its asset-liability management strategies.
total liabilities at december 31, 2022 were $494.7 billion, an increase of $22.7 billion, or 4.8%, from the prior year, reflecting an increase of $18.1 billion in short-term borrowings and an increase of $7.3 billion, or 20%, in long-term debt, partially offset by a decrease of $3.0 billion, or 0.7%, in deposits.
total shareholders' equity was $60.5 billion at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $8.7 billion from december 31, 2021. this decline includes a decrease of $12.0 billion in aoci and $3.0 billion in dividends, partially offset by $6.3 billion in net income. truist's book value per common share at december 31, 2022 was $40.58, compared to $47.14 at december 31, 2021.
asset quality ratios were relatively stable at december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, reflecting truist's prudent risk culture and portfolio diversification. nonperforming loans and leases held for investment were 0.36% of loans and leases held for investment at december 31, 2022, down two basis points compared to december 31, 2021. the alll ratio was 1.34% compared to 1.53% for prior year. the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs was 5.32x for 2022, compared to 6.36x in 2021.
as of december 31, 2022, the cet1 ratio was 9.0% and the average lcr was 112%. the 60 basis point decline in the cet1 ratio compared to december 31, 2021 primarily reflects strong loan growth, acquisitions, and the impact from the phase-in of the cecl transition relief.
on february 16, 2023, the company entered into an agreement to sell a 20% stake of the common equity in truist insurance holdings, a subsidiary of truist and the sixth-largest insurance brokerage in the u.s., for $1.95 billion to an investor group led by stone point capital, llc. the closing of the investment is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. the transaction allows truist to maintain strategic flexibility and future upside in truist insurance holdings, which will continue to benefit from truist's operations, access to capital, and client relationships. truist will also preserve and enhance its client service approach to offering leading insurance products to its banking clients. moreover, truist insurance holdings gains an experienced partner in stone point, which brings deep industry expertise and access to capital to help accelerate truist insurance holdings' growth. upon closing of the transaction, a five-person board will be formed to oversee truist insurance holdings, comprising four members appointed by truist and one member appointed by stone point.
key areas of focus truist's business is dynamic and complex. consequently, management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. during this process, management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. achieving key strategic objectives and long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. in the opinion of management, the following are the key areas of focus most likely to impact truist's near to medium term performance:
•actualizing our purpose to inspire and build better lives and communities and driving executional excellence to realize our potential;
•digitizing the enterprise through our "t3 strategy" to create a world-class client experience and streamline, simplify, and automate processes and operations; and
•making truist a great place to work through our purpose-driven and inclusive culture, competitive compensation and benefits, and compelling career development and growth opportunities.
in addition, certain other challenges and unforeseen events could have a near term impact on truist's financial condition and results of operations. see the sections titled "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" for additional examples of such challenges.
te net interest income for the year ended december 31, 2022 was up $1.3 billion, or 10%, compared to the prior year primarily due to higher market interest rates coupled with strong loan growth and well controlled deposit costs, partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower ppp revenue. average earning assets increased $22.3 billion, or 4.9%, compared to the prior period. the increase in average earning assets reflects a $13.4 billion, or 4.6%, increase in average total loans and leases and a $7.8 billion, or 5.6%, increase in average securities. average deposits increased $19.7 billion, or 4.9%, and average short-term borrowings increased $8.8 billion, or 142%, compared to the prior year, while average long-term debt decreased $3.2 billion, or 8.7%.
net interest margin was 3.01% for the year ended december 31, 2022, up 15 basis points compared to the prior year. the growth in nim was negatively impacted by lower purchase accounting accretion, which benefited nim by 13 basis points in 2022 compared to 26 basis points in 2021. the yield on the total loan portfolio for the year ended december 31, 2022 was 4.36%, up 41 basis points compared to the prior year, reflecting higher market interest rates, partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower ppp revenue. the yield on the average securities portfolio was 1.88% for the year ended december 31, 2022, up 38 basis points compared to the prior year primarily due to the higher rate environment.
the average cost of total deposits was 0.27% for the year ended december 31, 2022, up 23 basis points compared to the prior year. the average cost on short-term borrowings was 2.58% for the year ended december 31, 2022, up 182 basis points compared to the prior year. the average cost on long-term debt was 2.31% for the year ended december 31, 2022, up 78 basis points compared to the prior year. the increase in rates on deposits and other funding sources was largely attributable to the higher rate environment.
as of december 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized fair value marks on the loan and lease portfolio and long-term debt were $741 million and $81 million, respectively, with no remaining mark for deposits. as of december 31, 2021, the remaining unamortized fair value marks on the loan and lease portfolio, deposits and long-term debt were $1.3 billion, $7 million, and $139 million, respectively.
2022                                                                         2021                          2020                          2022                    2021                    2020                    2022                        2021                        2020                                         rate                     volume                                  rate                          volume assets total securities, at amortized cost: (2)
states and political subdivisions                             392                           429                           501                    3.88                    3.55                    3.92                          15                          15                          19                           -                          1                        (1)                         (4)                               (2)                       (2)
total securities                                          147,266                       139,497                        83,227                    1.88                    1.50                    2.09                       2,767                       2,094                       1,743                         673                        562                        111                         351                             (572)                       923
residential home equity and direct                         25,232                        25,319                        26,951                    5.64                    5.69                    6.03                       1,422                       1,441                       1,625                        (19)                       (14)                        (5)                       (184)                              (89)                      (95)
credit card                                                 4,753                         4,650                         5,027                    9.57                    8.92                    9.34                         455                         415                         470                          40                         31                          9                        (55)                              (21)                      (34)
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
time deposits                                              15,514                        18,025                        30,008                    0.58                    0.30                    1.02                          90                          54                         305                          36                         44                        (8)                       (251)                             (160)                      (91)
total interest-bearing deposits (6)                       272,698                       259,639                       248,713                    0.42                    0.06                    0.32                       1,145                         148                         785                         997                        999                        (2)                       (637)                             (591)                      (46)
total interest-bearing liabilities                        321,827                       303,219                       304,635                    0.72                    0.25                    0.57                       2,321                         768                       1,722                       1,553                      1,482                         71                       (954)                             (731)                     (223)
noninterest-bearing deposits (6)                          145,392                       138,733                       114,580
other liabilities                                          12,794                        11,300                        11,846
shareholders' equity                                       63,817                        69,133                        68,024
total liabilities and shareholders' equity               $543,830                      $522,385                      $499,085
(2)total securities include afs and htm securities.
(3)includes cash equivalents, interest-bearing deposits with banks, fhlb stock and other earning assets.
(6)total deposit costs were 0.27%, 0.04%, and 0.22% for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
44 truist financial corporation provision for credit losses
the provision for credit losses was $777 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to a benefit of $813 million for the prior year. the current year reflects strong loan growth and a moderate decline in the alll ratio, whereas the prior year included reserve releases due to the improving economic environment during that period. net charge-offs for the year ended december 31, 2022 totaled $823 million compared to $697 million in the prior year. the net charge-off ratio for the current year of 0.27% was up three basis points compared to the prior year.
refer to "note 5. loans and acl" for additional discussion of the acl.
noninterest income noninterest income is a significant contributor to truist's financial results. management focuses on diversifying its sources of revenue to reduce truist's reliance on traditional spread-based interest income, as certain fee-based activities are a relatively stable revenue source during periods of changing interest rates. during 2022, the company reclassified certain line items within noninterest income. see "note 1. basis of presentation" for additional details. the following table provides a breakdown of truist's noninterest income:
service charges on deposits                                                                                        1,026                    1,060                   1,020                     (3.2)                           3.9
securities gains (losses)                                                                                           (71)                        -                     402                               nm                (100.0)
noninterest income for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased $571 million, or 6.1%, compared to the prior year. the current year includes net securities losses of $71 million and the gain on the redemption of noncontrolling equity interest (other income) of $74 million. the earlier year included a gain of $37 million from the divestiture of certain businesses (other income). excluding the aforementioned items, noninterest income was down $537 million, or 5.8%, compared to the prior year. investment banking and trading income decreased $446 million, or 31%, due to lower capital markets activity and lower merger and acquisition fees. mortgage banking income decreased $274 million, or 37%, as lower production income (due to lower margins and refinance volumes resulting from the higher rate environment) was partially offset by higher residential servicing income (due to lower prepayments and servicing portfolio purchases). excluding the aforementioned gains, other income decreased $237 million, or 46%, primarily due to valuation changes from assets held for certain post-retirement benefits, which is primarily offset by lower personnel expense, lower investment income and valuation marks from the company's sbic and other strategic investments and lower derivative trading income. wealth management income decreased $54 million, or 3.9%, primarily due to lower market valuations. insurance income increased $416 million, or 16%, due to acquisitions and continued organic growth. card and payment related fees increased $70 million, or 8.0%, due to the first quarter 2022 acquisition of certain merchant services relationships and increased activity.
noninterest expense during 2022, the company reclassified certain line items within noninterest expense. see "note 1. basis of presentation" for additional details. the following table provides a breakdown of truist's noninterest expense:
noninterest expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 was down $527 million, or 3.5%, compared to the earlier year. merger-related and restructuring charges decreased $309 million due to diminishing integration-related activities and lower costs in connection with the voluntary separation and retirement program, partially offset by higher costs for client day one conversions. incremental operating expenses related to the merger decreased $306 million, primarily reflecting lower personnel and professional fees and outside processing expenses. the current year includes a $39 million gain on the redemption of fhlb advances (other expense). the prior year includes $200 million for charitable contributions to the truist foundation and the truist charitable fund (other expense), $36 million of expense associated with an acceleration of loss recognition related to certain terminated cash flow hedges (other expense), a $30 million professional fee to develop an ongoing program to identify, prioritize, and roadmap teammate generated revenue growth and expense savings opportunities beyond the merger, and a small gain on the extinguishment of debt (other expense).
excluding the aforementioned items and the amortization of intangibles, adjusted noninterest expense increased $380 million, or 3.0%, compared to the earlier year. other expense was down $61 million, but was up $217 million, or 39%, on an adjusted basis primarily due to increased operational losses and teammate travel expenses. professional fees and outside processing expenses were down $31 million, but up $173 million, or 20%, on an adjusted basis due to increased project spend for enterprise technology investments and increased call center staffing. marketing and customer development expense increased $58 million ($66 million, or 23% on an adjusted basis) due to increased spend to continue to build and strengthen truist's brand. net occupancy expense decreased $20 million ($47 million, or 6.2% on an adjusted basis) primarily due to consolidations of branches and other facilities. equipment expense decreased $35 million ($41 million, or 8.2% on an adjusted basis) primarily due to laptop purchases in the prior year. personnel expense decreased $165 million, or 1.9% ($18 million, or 0.2% on an adjusted basis) due to lower other post-retirement benefit expense, which is almost entirely offset by lower other income, lower incentives expenses, and lower defined benefit costs, partially offset by higher salaries due to additional personnel costs for acquisitions, annual merit increases, and investments in revenue producing businesses and enterprise technology, and higher medical claims.
•severance and personnel-related costs or credits;
•occupancy and equipment charges or credits, which relate to costs or gains associated with lease terminations, obsolete equipment write-offs and the sale of duplicate facilities and equipment;
•professional services, which relate to legal and investment banking advisory fees and other consulting services pertaining to restructuring initiatives or transactions;
•systems conversion and related charges, which represent costs to integrate the entity's information technology systems;
•other merger-related and restructuring charges or credits, which include expenses necessary to convert and combine the acquired branches and operations of merged companies, direct media advertising related to the mergers and acquisitions, asset and supply inventory write-offs, and other similar charges; and
•write-offs related to exiting certain businesses.
46 truist financial corporation merger-related and restructuring accruals are established when the costs are incurred or once all requirements for a plan to dispose of or outsource certain business functions have been approved by management. merger and restructuring accruals are re-evaluated periodically and adjusted as necessary. the remaining accruals at december 31, 2022 are generally expected to be utilized within one year, unless they relate to specific contracts that expire later.
the following table presents a summary of merger-related and restructuring charges and the related accruals. the 2022 and 2021 merger-related and restructuring costs primarily reflect charges as a result of the merger, including costs for severance and other benefits, costs related to exiting facilities, and other restructuring initiatives.
table 12: merger-related and restructuring accrual activity
(1)related to the merger, the company recognized $368 million of expense for the year ended december 31, 2022. at december 31, 2022, the company had an accrual of $19 million related to the merger. the remaining expense and accrual relate to other restructuring activities.
segment results truist operates and measures business activity across three segments: consumer banking and wealth, corporate and commercial banking, and insurance holdings, with functional activities included in other, treasury, and corporate. the company's business segment structure is based on the manner in which financial information is evaluated by management as well as the products and services provided or the type of client served.
the segment results are presented based on internal management methodologies that were designed to support these strategic objectives. unlike financial accounting, there is no comprehensive authoritative body of guidance for management accounting equivalent to gaap. the application and development of management reporting methodologies is an active process and undergoes periodic enhancements. the implementation of these enhancements to the internal management reporting methodology may materially affect the results disclosed for each segment, with no impact on consolidated results. when significant changes to management reporting methodologies take place, the impact of these changes is quantified and prior period information is revised.
prior period results have been revised to reflect management reporting methodology changes resulting from the integration of heritage bb&t and heritage suntrust measurement processes and systems. changes primarily relate to funds transfer pricing and internal equity allocations. the changes impacted 2021 and 2020 segment net interest income reported in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021. cb&w, c&cb, and ih increased $868 million, $566 million, and $15 million, respectively, for 2021 and increased $117 million, $375 million, and $15 million, respectively, for 2020. these increases were offset with decreases in ot&c of $1.4 billion for 2021 and $507 million for 2020.
see "note 21. operating segments" for additional disclosures related to truist's operating segments, including the internal accounting and reporting practices used to manage these segments.
consumer banking and wealth cb&w net income was $3.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $15 million, or 0.4%, compared to the prior year. segment net interest income increased $975 million primarily due to favorable funding credit on deposits attributable to the higher rate environment and higher average loan and deposit balances, partially offset by decreased loan spreads and lower purchase accounting accretion. the allocated provision for credit losses increased $717 million primarily due to a reserve release in the prior year as well as loan growth and a moderately slower economic outlook in the current year. noninterest income decreased $274 million primarily due to a decrease in residential mortgage income. noninterest expense decreased $94 million primarily due to lower net occupancy and incentive expenses as well as lower merger-related and restructuring charges, partially offset by increased operational losses.
cb&w average total deposits increased $8.9 billion, or 3.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to increases in average noninterest bearing deposits, money market and savings, and interest bearing checking, partially offset by a decline in time deposits.
truist wealth had assets under management of $180.4 billion as of december 31, 2022, a decrease of $29.2 billion, or 14%, compared to the prior year primarily due to market declines, partially offset by positive organic growth in assets under management.
corporate and commercial banking c&cb net income was $4.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $435 million, or 9.0%, compared to the prior year. segment net interest income increased $740 million primarily due to higher funding credit on deposits and increases to noninterest bearing deposit balances, partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower fee income associated with ppp loan forgiveness. the allocated provision for credit losses increased $786 million which reflects lower allowance releases in the current year compared to the prior year, partially offset by lower net charge-offs in the current year. noninterest income decreased $513 million primarily due lower investment banking revenue. noninterest expense decreased $31 million primarily due to lower incentive expense tied to lower revenues and lower professional fees as well as lower merger-related and restructuring charges, partially offset by investments in revenue producers.
c&cb average total deposits decreased $1.9 billion, or 1.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to a decrease in average interest bearing deposits, partially offset by an increase in noninterest bearing deposits.
insurance holdings ih net income was $546 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, an increase of $16 million, or 3.0%, compared to the prior year. noninterest income increased $441 million, or 17%, primarily due to acquisitions and organic growth. noninterest expense increased $425 million, or 20%, primarily due to investments in new hires and teammates, performance-driven incentive expense, higher merger-related charges related to acquisitions, and an increase in travel and entertainment expense.
48 truist financial corporation other, treasury, and corporate ot&c generated a net loss of $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of $2.7 billion in the prior year. segment net interest income decreased $435 million due to higher funding credit on deposits to other segments, partially offset by higher funds transfer charges to other segments for loans and higher earnings in the securities portfolio from the higher rate environment. the allocated provision for credit losses increased $80 million, which reflects a build in the reserve for unfunded commitments in the current year compared to a release in the prior year. noninterest income decreased $225 million primarily due to valuation changes from assets held for certain post-retirement benefits, which is primarily offset by lower personnel expense, and losses on the sale of securities in the current year. noninterest expense decreased $827 million primarily due to lower personnel expense, charitable contributions to the truist foundation and the truist charitable fund in the prior year, and lower merger-related and restructuring charges and incremental operating expenses related to the merger.
analysis of financial condition investment activities truist's board-approved investment policy is carried out by the mrlcc, which meets regularly to review the economic environment and establish investment strategies. the mrlcc also has much broader responsibilities, which are discussed in the "market risk" section in md&a.
investment strategies are reviewed by the mrlcc based on the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix, actual and anticipated loan demand, funding opportunities and the overall interest rate sensitivity of the company. in general, the goals of the investment portfolio are: (i) to provide sufficient liquid assets to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations and overall funds management objectives; (ii) to provide eligible securities to secure public funds, trust deposits and other borrowings; and (iii) to earn an optimal return on funds invested commensurate with meeting the requirements of (i) and (ii) and consistent with the company's risk appetite.
truist bank invests in securities allowable under bank regulations. these securities may include obligations of the u.s. treasury, u.s. government agencies, gses (including mbs), bank eligible obligations of any state or political subdivision, non-agency mbs, structured notes, bank eligible corporate obligations (including corporate debentures), commercial paper, negotiable cds, bankers' acceptances, mutual funds, and limited types of equity securities.
table 14: composition of securities portfolio
afs securities (at fair value):
states and political subdivisions                 416                                    420
total afs securities                           71,801                                153,123
htm securities (at amortized cost):
total securities                             $129,514                               $154,617
the securities portfolio totaled $129.5 billion at december 31, 2022, compared to $154.6 billion at december 31, 2021. the decrease includes paydowns and maturities of $20.8 billion, as well as market declines of $14.0 billion, partially offset by purchases of $10.1 billion. in the first quarter of 2022, truist transferred $59.4 billion of afs securities to htm as the company continues to execute upon its asset-liability management strategies. as of december 31, 2022, 41% of the investment securities portfolio was classified as held-to-maturity based on amortized cost.
as of december 31, 2022, approximately 5.6% of the securities portfolio was variable rate, excluding the impact of swaps, compared to 4.6% as of december 31, 2021. the effective duration of the securities portfolio was 6.7 years at december 31, 2022, compared to 5.8 years at december 31, 2021, excluding the impact of unsettled security purchases at period end. the increase in duration was driven by higher rates, resulting in slower prepayments and longer average lives for the mbs portfolio.
u.s. treasury, gse, and agency mbs represents 97% of the total securities portfolio as of december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021. while the overwhelming majority of the portfolio remains in agency mbs securities, the company also holds aaa rated non-agency mbs as the risk adjusted returns for these securities are more attractive than agency mbs.
the following table presents the securities portfolio by major category of security holdings with ranges of maturities and average yields:
table 15: securities yields by major category and maturity december 31, 2022                                                                              afs                        htm
within one year                              $1,619                                      1.30    %                        $-                                          -         %
within one year                                   1                                      2.80                             -                                           -
states and political subdivisions:
within one year                                   3                                      6.37                             -                                           -
within one year                                   6                                      3.79                             -                                           -
total securities                            $71,801                                      2.31                             $57,713          1.79
(1)yields represent interest computed under the effective interest method on a te basis using the federal income tax rate and the amortized cost of the securities.
(2)for purposes of the maturity table, mbs, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been included in maturity groupings based on the contractual maturity. the expected life of mbs will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay the underlying mortgage loans.
50 truist financial corporation lending activities truist strives to meet the credit needs of its clients while pursuing a balanced strategy of loan profitability, loan growth, and loan quality. management believes that this purpose can best be accomplished by building strong client relationships over time and developing in-depth local market knowledge. the company employs strict underwriting criteria governing the degree of risk assumed and the diversity of the loan portfolio in terms of type, industry, and geographical concentration.
truist lends to a diverse client base that is geographically dispersed to mitigate concentration risk arising from local and regional economic downturns. the following discussion provides additional information on the company's loan and lease portfolios. refer to the "risk management" section for a discussion of the credit risk management policies used to manage the portfolios.
commercial loan and lease portfolio commercial loans and leases represent the largest category of the company's loan and lease portfolio. commercial community banking generally targets small-to-middle market businesses with annual sales between $2 million and $500 million, while cib provides lending solutions to large corporate clients. the commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of lending to public and private business clients and is composed of commercial and industrial, owner occupied, equipment leasing and financing, commercial real estate, government and institutional financing, and premium financing in accordance with the company's lending policy, each commercial loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process. commercial loans are typically priced with an interest rate tied to market indices, such as the prime rate or sofr and are individually monitored and reviewed for deterioration in the ability of the client to repay the loan. the majority of truist's commercial loans are secured by real estate, business equipment, inventories, and other types of collateral.
residential mortgage loan portfolio truist primarily originates conforming mortgage loans, loans under fha, u.s. department of veterans affairs, or u.s. department of agriculture programs, and higher quality jumbo and construction-to-permanent loans for 1-4 family residential properties. conforming loans are loans that are underwritten in accordance with the underwriting standards set forth by fnma and fhlmc. they are generally collateralized by one-to-four-family residential real estate, typically have loan-to-collateral value ratios of 80% or less at origination, or have mortgage insurance as required by investors and are made to borrowers in good credit standing.
risks associated with mortgage lending include interest rate risk, which is mitigated through the sale of a substantial portion of conforming fixed-rate loans in the secondary mortgage market and an effective msr hedging process. credit risk is managed through rigorous underwriting procedures and mortgage insurance. the right to service the loans and receive servicing income is generally retained when conforming loans are sold. management believes that the retention of mortgage servicing diversifies income while enabling truist to build long-term client relationships and offer high quality client service. truist also purchases residential mortgage loans from correspondent originators. the loans purchased from third-party originators are subject to substantially the same underwriting and risk-management criteria as loans originated internally.
residential home equity and direct loan portfolio the residential home equity and direct loan portfolio is composed of a wide variety of secured and unsecured loans offered through truist's branch network, as well as loans originated by lightstream, truist's national online consumer lending division. loans originated through the truist branch network include revolving home equity lines of credit secured by first or second liens on residential real estate and certain other secured and unsecured lending marketed to qualifying clients and other creditworthy candidates in truist's market areas. lightstream provides fixed-rate, unsecured lending to consumers with strong credit through its proprietary online loan origination system.
indirect auto loan portfolio the indirect auto portfolio primarily includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used automobiles. the indirect auto portfolio also includes nonprime and near prime automobile finance. such loans are originated through approved franchised and independent dealers throughout the truist market area and nationally through regional acceptance corporation. these loans are relatively homogeneous, and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. indirect auto loans are subject to rigorous lending policies and procedures and are underwritten with note amounts and credit limits that are consistent with the company's risk philosophy. in addition to its normal underwriting due diligence, truist uses application systems and scoring systems to help underwrite and manage the credit risk in its indirect auto portfolio.
indirect other loan portfolio the indirect other portfolio includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used boats and recreational vehicles. the indirect other portfolio also includes small ticket consumer lending related to the purchase of power sports and outdoor power equipment, and trailers. these loans are relatively homogeneous, and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. these loans are subject to similar rigorous lending policies and procedures as the indirect auto loan portfolio. the indirect other loan portfolio also includes other indirect and point-of-sale lending to consumers to finance home improvements, furniture purchases, certain elective health-care services, and other consumer products segments. these loans are originated in accordance with strict underwriting criteria as determined by truist.
student loan portfolio the student loan portfolio is primarily composed of government guaranteed student loans and additionally includes certain private student loans originated by third parties. the government guarantee mitigates substantially all of the risk related to principal and interest repayment for this component of the portfolio. private student loans were purchased from third-party originators with credit enhancements that partially mitigate the company's credit exposure.
credit card loan portfolio the credit card portfolio consists of the outstanding balances on credit cards. truist markets credit cards to its existing client base and does not solicit cardholders through nationwide programs or other forms of mass marketing. such balances are generally unsecured and actively managed.
refer to "note 5. loans and acl" for additional information.
residential home equity and direct                            25,432                              25,066
credit card                                                    4,867                               4,807
commercial loans increased $25.1 billion during 2022 primarily due to broad-based growth within the commercial and industrial portfolio and the bankdirect acquisition, which added $3.1 billion of loans on november 1, 2022. these increases were partially offset by a $1.9 billion decline in ppp loans.
consumer loans, including credit cards, increased $11.3 billion during 2022 primarily due to an $8.8 billion increase in residential mortgages due to correspondent channel production and lower prepayments, a $2.1 billion increase in indirect other primarily due to growth from service finance, recreational lending, and sheffield portfolios, partially offset by runoff in other partnership lending programs, and a $1.5 billion increase in indirect auto primarily in the prime auto segment. these increases were partially offset by $1.5 billion runoff in student loans.
52 truist financial corporation the following table presents a summary of the loans and leases by scheduled repayment period and interest rate terms. determinations of maturities are based on scheduled repayments, except when rollovers or extensions are included for purposes of measuring the acl. truist's credit policy typically does not permit automatic renewal of loans. at the scheduled maturity date (including balloon payment date), the client generally must request a new loan to replace the matured loan and execute either a new note or note modification with rate, terms and conditions negotiated at that time.
table 17: loan maturities december 31, 2022                                      1 year or less                  1 to 5 years                 5 to 15 years                after 15 years                      total
residential home equity and direct                       3,238                         7,767                         3,585                           495                        15,085
credit card                                                 79                             -                             -                             -                            79
residential home equity and direct                         814                         4,924                         4,578                            31                        10,347
credit card                                              4,788                             -                             -                             -                         4,788
certain residential mortgage loans have an initial period where the borrower is only required to pay the periodic interest. after the interest-only period, the loan will require the payment of both interest and principal over the remaining term. the outstanding balances of variable rate residential mortgage loans in the interest-only phase were approximately $342 million and $288 million at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, respectively.
the following table presents the composition of average loans and leases:
residential home equity and direct                                     25,518                           25,394                           25,124                           24,883                           25,146
credit card                                                             4,842                            4,755                            4,728                            4,682                            4,769
average loans and leases held for investment for the fourth quarter of 2022 were $320.7 billion, up $11.3 billion, or 3.6%, compared to the third quarter of 2022. the company added $3.1 billion of loans in conjunction with the acquisition of bankdirect on november 1, 2022, which contributed $2.1 billion of average loan growth for the fourth quarter of 2022. excluding the acquisition, average loans and leases held for investment increased $9.2 billion, or 3.0% compared to the third quarter of 2022.
average commercial loans increased $7.9 billion, or 4.4%, due to broad-based growth within the commercial and industrial portfolio and the bankdirect acquisition.
average consumer loans increased $3.3 billion, or 2.7%, due to a $3.0 billion increase in residential mortgages due to correspondent channel production and lower prepayments. in addition, indirect other increased $548 million primarily due to growth from the service finance, recreational lending, and sheffield portfolios, partially offset by runoff in other partnership lending programs. these increases were partially offset by $425 million runoff in student loans.
54 truist financial corporation asset quality the following tables summarize asset quality information:
table 19: asset quality
residential home equity and direct                                     173                                                   141
residential home equity and direct                                      76                                                    98
credit card                                                             18                                                    27
residential home equity and direct                                      15                                                     9
credit card                                                             37                                                    27
residential home equity and direct                                     127                                                   107
credit card                                                             64                                                    45
problem loans include npls and loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing as disclosed in table 19. in addition, for the commercial portfolio segment, loans that are rated special mention or substandard performing are closely monitored by management as potential problem loans. refer to "note 5. loans and acl" for the amortized cost basis of loans by origination year and credit quality indicator as well as additional disclosures related to npls.
table 20: asset quality ratios dec 31, 2022                                                dec 31, 2021
(2)this asset quality ratio has been adjusted to remove the impact of government guaranteed loans. management believes the inclusion of such assets in this asset quality ratio results in distortion of this ratio because collection of principal and interest is reasonably assured, or the ratio might not be comparable to other periods presented or to other portfolios that do not have government guarantees.
table 21: asset quality ratios (continued)
residential home equity and direct                                                    0.84                        0.54                    0.61
credit card                                                                           2.98                        2.42                    2.99
56 truist financial corporation the following table presents activity related to npas:
tdrs occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial difficulties in the near term and a concession has been granted to the borrower. as a result, truist works with borrowers to prevent further difficulties and to improve the likelihood of recovery on a loan. to facilitate this process, a concessionary modification that would not otherwise be considered may be granted, resulting in classification of the loan as a tdr.
the following table provides a summary of performing tdr activity:
residential home equity and direct                        71                   93.4                      5                           6.6                       -                             -                        76
credit card                                               15                   83.3                      2                          11.1                       1                           5.6                        18
acl activity related to the acl is presented in the following tables:
table 25: activity in acl year ended december 31,
provision for credit losses                                                                                                                                                777                   (813)                   2,335
residential home equity and direct                                                                                                                                       (294)                   (214)                   (231)
credit card                                                                                                                                                              (176)                   (150)                   (182)
residential home equity and direct                                                                                                                                          81                      79                      66
credit card                                                                                                                                                                 34                      37                      32
the allowance for credit losses was $4.6 billion and includes $4.4 billion for the allowance for loan and lease losses and $272 million for the reserve for unfunded commitments. the alll ratio was 1.34%, compared to 1.53% at december 31, 2021. the decline in the alll ratio was due to strong portfolio performance and growth in higher quality loans, partially offset by a moderately slower economic outlook. the alll covered nonperforming loans and leases held for investment 3.68 times compared to 4.07 times at december 31, 2021. at december 31, 2022, the alll was 5.32 times annualized net charge-offs, compared to 6.36x times at december 31, 2021.
residential home equity and direct              549                                 12.5                                         7.8                                615                                 13.9                                         8.7
credit card                                     360                                  8.2                                         1.5                                350                                  7.9                                         1.7
truist monitors the performance of its home equity loans and lines secured by second liens similarly to other consumer loans and utilizes assumptions specific to these loans in determining the necessary alll. truist also receives notification when the first lien holder, whether truist or another financial institution, has initiated foreclosure proceedings against the borrower. when notified that the first lien is in the process of foreclosure, truist obtains valuations to determine if any additional charge-offs or reserves are warranted. these valuations are updated at least annually thereafter.
truist has limited ability to monitor the delinquency status of the first lien, unless the first lien is held or serviced by truist. truist estimates credit losses on second lien loans where the first lien is delinquent based on historical experience; the increased risk of loss on these credits is reflected in the alll. as of december 31, 2022, truist held or serviced the first lien on 32% of its second lien positions.
tax credit and other private equity investments             6,825                         6,309
equity securities at fair value                               898                         1,066
funding activities deposits are the primary source of funds for the company's lending and investing activities. scheduled payments and maturities from portfolios of loans and investment securities also provide a stable source of funds. fhlb advances, other secured borrowings, federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowed funds, as well as long-term debt issued through the capital markets, all provide supplemental liquidity sources. funding activities are monitored and governed through truist's overall alm process under the governance and oversight of the mrlcc, which is further discussed in the "market risk" section in md&a. the following section provides a brief description of the various sources of funds.
deposits deposits are obtained principally from individuals and businesses within truist's geographic area and include noninterest-bearing checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, cds, and iras. deposit account terms vary with respect to the minimum balance required, the time period the funds must remain on deposit and service charge schedules. interest rates paid on specific deposit types are determined based on (i) competitor deposit rates, (ii) the anticipated amount and timing of funding needs, (iii) the availability and cost of alternative sources of funding, and (iv) anticipated future economic conditions and interest rates. deposits are attractive sources of funding because of their stability and relative cost.
the following table presents a summary of deposits:
table 28: deposits as of period end
noninterest-bearing deposits                             $135,742                                           $145,892
time deposits                                              23,474                                             15,886
total deposits                                           $413,495                                           $416,488
deposits totaled $413.5 billion at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $3.0 billion from december 31, 2021. the decline in deposits reflects the impacts of monetary tightening, inflation, and higher interest rate alternatives, partially offset by growth in time deposits, which reflects increases in various wholesale deposit products to support funding.
the amount of deposits above the fdic's limit of $250,000 was $189.6 billion and $202.5 billion as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, calculated using the same methodology as the call report for truist bank. the following table summarizes the maturities of time deposit accounts above $250,000:
table 29: scheduled maturities of time deposits $250,000 and greater december 31, 2022
the following table presents average deposits:
table 30: average deposits three months ended(dollars in millions)                        dec 31, 2022                  sep 30, 2022                  jun 30, 2022                  mar 31, 2022                  dec 31, 2021
noninterest-bearing deposits                                $141,032                      $146,041                      $148,610                      $145,933                      $146,492
time deposits                                                 17,513                        14,751                        14,133                        15,646                        16,292
total average deposits                                      $413,276                      $420,096                      $423,750                      $415,238                      $410,966
average deposits for the fourth quarter of 2022 were $413.3 billion, a decrease of $6.8 billion, or 1.6%, compared to the prior quarter. the decrease in deposits was primarily driven by the impacts of monetary tightening, inflation, and higher interest rate alternatives. average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 3.4% compared to the prior quarter and represented 34.1% of total deposits for the fourth quarter of 2022. average money market and savings and interest checking declined 2.0% and 1.5%, respectively, compared to the prior quarter. average time deposits increased 19% primarily due to an increase in wholesale time deposit products.
60 truist financial corporation borrowings the types of short-term borrowings that have been, or may be, used by the company include federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, master notes, commercial paper, short-term bank notes, and short-term fhlb advances. short-term borrowings fluctuate based on the company's funding needs. while deposits remain the primary source for funding loan originations, management uses short-term borrowings as a supplementary funding source for loan growth and other balance sheet management purposes. the following table summarizes certain information for the past three years with respect to short-term borrowings excluding trading liabilities, hedges, and collateral in excess of derivative exposure:
securities sold under agreements to repurchase:
long-term debt provides funding and, to a lesser extent, regulatory capital, and primarily consists of senior and subordinated notes issued by truist and truist bank. long-term debt totaled $43.2 billion at december 31, 2022, an increase of $7.3 billion compared to december 31, 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company had maturities and redemptions of $5.9 billion of senior and $300 million of subordinated long-term debt and redeemed $800 million of fhlb advances, which resulted in a gain on early extinguishment of long-term debt of $39 million. the company issued $3.9 billion fixed-to-floating rate senior notes with an interest rate between 4.12% and 6.12% due july 28, 2026 to october 28, 2033 and $1.0 billion fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes with an interest rate of 4.92% due july 28, 2033. additionally, truist issued $10.8 billion notional of fhlb floating rate advances. the average cost of long-term debt was 2.31% for the year ended december 31, 2022, up 78 basis points compared to the same period in 2021.
in january 2023, truist issued $1.5 billion fixed-to-floating rate senior notes with an interest rate of 4.87% due january 26, 2029 and $1.5 billion fixed-to-floating rate senior notes with an interest rate of 5.12% due january 26, 2034.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity was $60.5 billion at december 31, 2022, a decrease of $8.7 billion from december 31, 2021. this decline includes a decrease of $12.0 billion in aoci and $3.0 billion in dividends, partially offset by $6.3 billion in net income. truist's book value per common share at december 31, 2022 was $40.58, compared to $47.14 at december 31, 2021.
risk management truist maintains a comprehensive risk management framework supported by people, processes, and systems to identify, measure, monitor, manage, and report significant risks arising from its exposures and business activities. effective risk management involves optimizing risk and return while operating in a safe and sound manner, and promoting compliance with applicable laws and regulations. the company's risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite.
truist has developed and employs a risk framework that further guides business functions in identifying, measuring, responding to, monitoring, and reporting on possible exposures to the organization. the risk taxonomy drives internal risk measurement and monitoring and enables truist to clearly and transparently communicate to stakeholders the level of potential risk the company faces and the company's position on managing risk to acceptable levels.
truist is committed to fostering a culture that supports identification and escalation of risks across the organization. all teammates are responsible for upholding the company's purpose, mission, and values, and are encouraged to speak up if there is any activity or behavior that is inconsistent with the company's culture. the truist code of ethics guides the company's decision making and informs teammates on how to act in the absence of specific guidance.
truist seeks an appropriate return for the risk taken in its business operations. risk-taking activities are evaluated and prioritized to identify those that present attractive risk-adjusted returns, while preserving asset value and capital.
truist's compensation plans are designed to consider teammate's adherence to and successful implementation of truist's risk values and associated policies and procedures. the company's compensation structure supports its core values and sound risk management practices in an effort to promote judicious risk-taking behavior.
truist's purpose, mission, and values are the foundation for the risk management framework utilized at truist and therefore serve as the basis on which the risk appetite and risk strategy are built. truist's rmo provides independent oversight and guidance for risk-taking across the enterprise. in keeping with the belief that consistent values drive long-term behaviors, truist's rmo has established the following risk values which guide teammates' day-to-day activities:
•managing risk is the responsibility of every teammate.
•proactively identifying risk and managing the inherent risks of their businesses is the responsibility of the business units.
•managing risk with a balanced approach which includes quality, profitability, and growth.
•thoroughly analyzing risk quantitatively and qualitatively.
•realizing lower cost of capital from high quality risk management.
truist places significant emphasis on risk management oversight and maintains a separate board-level risk committee, which assists the board in its oversight of the company's risk management function. the committee is responsible for approving and periodically reviewing the company's risk management framework and risk management policies as well as monitoring the company's risk profile, approving risk appetite statements, and providing input to management regarding truist's risk appetite and risk profile.
the rmo is led by the cro and is responsible for overseeing the identification, measurement, monitoring, management, and reporting of risk. the cro has direct access to the board to communicate any risk issues (current or emerging) as well as the performance of the risk management activities throughout the enterprise.
62 truist financial corporation truist's risk governance framework is designed to provide comprehensive board and executive leadership risk oversight, maintaining a committee governance structure that is designed to ensure alignment and execution of the risk management framework. the committee structure provides a mechanism to allow for efficient aggregation and escalation of risk information from the business units up to the risk programs, executive leadership and ultimately the board.
the executive level committees include the erc, ecrc, mrlcc, ebpcc, tmc, and dc, each of which is chaired by a member of executive leadership. these committees provide oversight of each of the primary risk types.
the erc establishes a fully integrated view of risks across the company, provides broad strategic oversight of all risk types, and oversees corporate-wide strategies for identifying, assessing, controlling, measuring, monitoring, and reporting risk at the enterprise level. the erc is responsible for maintaining an effective risk management framework and monitoring its adoption and execution across the enterprise. the erc is chaired by the cro, and its membership includes all members of executive leadership and the chief audit officer.
principal types of inherent risk include market, credit, liquidity, technology, compliance, strategic, reputational, and operational risks. the following is a discussion of these risks.
market risk market risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or economic value arising from changes in the market value of portfolios, securities, or other financial instruments. market risk results from changes in the level, volatility, or correlations among financial market risk factors or prices, including interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity, and commodity prices.
effective management of market risk is essential to achieving truist's strategic financial objectives. truist's most significant market risk exposure is to interest rate risk in its balance sheet; however, market risk also results from underlying product liquidity risk, price risk, and volatility risk in truist's business units. interest rate risk results from differences between the timing of rate changes and the timing of cash flows associated with assets and liabilities (re-pricing risk); from changing rate relationships among different yield curves affecting bank activities (basis risk); from changing rate relationships across the spectrum of maturities (yield curve risk); and from interest-related options inherently embedded in bank products (options risk).
the primary objectives of effective market risk management are to minimize adverse effects from changes in market risk factors on net interest income, net income, and capital, and to offset the risk of price changes for certain assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. at truist, market risk management also includes the enterprise-wide ipv function.
interest rate market risk as a financial institution, truist is exposed to interest rate risk from assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet positions. to keep net interest margin as stable as possible, truist actively manages its interest rate risk exposure through the strategic repricing of its assets and liabilities, taking into account the volumes, maturities, and mix. truist primarily uses three methods to measure and monitor its interest rate risk: (i) simulations of possible changes to net interest income over the next two years based on gradual changes in interest rates; (ii) analysis of interest rate shock scenarios; and (iii) analysis of economic value of equity based on changes in interest rates.
the company's simulation model takes into account assumptions related to prepayment trends, using a combination of market data and internal historical experiences for deposits and loans, as well as scheduled maturities and payments, and the expected outlook for the economy and interest rates. these assumptions are reviewed and adjusted monthly to reflect changes in current interest rates compared to the rates applicable to truist's assets and liabilities. the model also considers truist's current and prospective liquidity position, current balance sheet volumes, projected growth and/or contractions, accessibility of funds for short-term needs and capital maintenance.
deposit betas (the sensitivity of deposit rate changes relative to market rate changes) are an important assumption in the interest rate risk modeling process. truist applies deposit beta assumptions to non-maturity interest-bearing deposit accounts when determining its interest rate sensitivity. non-maturity, interest-bearing deposit accounts include interest checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts that do not have a contractual maturity. truist applies an average deposit beta of approximately 50% to its non-maturity interest-bearing accounts when determining its interest rate sensitivity. truist also regularly conducts sensitivity analyses on other key variables, including noninterest-bearing deposits, to determine the impact these variables could have on the company's interest rate risk position. the predictive value of the simulation model depends upon the accuracy of the assumptions, but management believes that it provides helpful information for the management of interest rate risk.
table 32: interest sensitivity simulation analysis interest rate scenario                                                                                                                                  annualized hypothetical percentage change in net interest income gradual change in prime rate (bps)                                                             prime rate dec 31, 2022                     dec 31, 2021                     dec 31, 2022                                 dec 31, 2021
64 truist financial corporation truist has established parameters related to interest rate sensitivity measures that prescribe a maximum negative impact on net interest income under different interest rate scenarios that would result in an escalation to the board. the following parameters and interest rate scenarios are considered truist's primary measures of interest rate risk:
management considers how the interest rate risk position could be impacted by changes in balance sheet mix. liquidity in the banking industry was very strong post-covid-19, which resulted in growth in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. however, with the significant increase in rates in 2022, noninterest-bearing deposits have begun to disintermediate to interest-bearing accounts. additional balance movement above what is currently projected would reduce the asset sensitivity of truist's balance sheet because the company may increase interest-bearing funds to offset the loss of this advantageous funding source. alternatively, the company may reduce the size of its investment portfolio to offset the loss of noninterest-bearing demand deposits to limit the impact on the balance sheet's asset sensitivity. the behavior of these deposits is one of the most important assumptions used in determining the interest rate risk position of truist. a decrease in the amount of these deposits in the future would reduce the asset sensitivity of truist's balance sheet because the company may increase interest-bearing funds to offset the loss of this advantageous funding source.
the following table shows the results of truist's interest-rate sensitivity position assuming the loss of additional demand deposits and an associated increase in managed rate deposits versus current projections under various interest rate scenarios. for purposes of this analysis, truist modeled the incremental beta of managed rate deposits for the replacement of the demand deposits at 100%.
table 33: deposit mix sensitivity analysis gradual change in rates (bps)                          base scenario at december 31, 2022 (1)                                       results assuming a decrease in noninterest-bearing demand deposits
truist uses financial instruments including derivatives to manage interest rate risk related to securities, commercial loans, msrs, and mortgage banking operations, long-term debt, and other funding sources. truist has utilized derivatives to facilitate transactions on behalf of its clients and as part of associated hedging activities. as of december 31, 2022, truist had derivative financial instruments outstanding with notional amounts totaling $333.0 billion, with an associated net negative fair value of $2.3 billion. see "note 19. derivative financial instruments" for additional disclosures.
libor transition for most tenors of u.s. dollar libor, the administrator of libor extended publication until june 30, 2023. to prepare for the transition to an alternative reference rate, management formed a cross-functional project team to address the libor transition. the project team performed an assessment to identify the potential risks related to the transition from libor to a new index or multiple indices and provides updates to executive leadership and the board. as of december 31, 2022, truist had outstanding libor-based instruments that mature after june 30, 2023, including loan and lease exposures totaling approximately $135 billion, notional derivative exposure totaling approximately $131 billion, long-term debt of $1.1 billion, and preferred stock of $1.5 billion. these amounts are inclusive of remediated contracts, which contain adequate fallback language for the transition.
contract fallback language for existing loans and leases has largely been reviewed and certain contracts will require amendments to support the transition away from libor. impacted lines of business have started remediating these contracts to include standardized fallback language or amending contracts to new reference rates at maturities or based on client request. current fallback language used to remediate contracts that mature after june 30, 2023 is generally consistent with arrc recommendations and includes use of "hardwired fallback" language, which will transition loans to a sofr based rate after june 30, 2023.
the progress and approach to remediation will vary based on the type of contract and existing language used in the agreement. for commercial lending, a significant number of remaining libor contracts will require client outreach and remediation. through mid-2022, the company's primary focus was supporting new loan production using sofr and other alternative reference rates as well as transitioning any renewing libor based contracts to alternative reference rates. efforts have shifted to amend and remediate contracts, excluding mortgage and student loans, that mature post june 30, 2023 ($127 billion), which will continue to be the focus during 2023. of the contracts remaining on libor that have not yet been remediated or modified to a new reference rate, truist's intends to add / update fallback language or move these contracts to new references rates prior to cessation. a significant portion of these contracts contain existing fallback language that will transition the contract to a prime based rate if not remediated, while a smaller population contains no historical fallback language. should the institution be unable to remediate all contracts, those based on prime will be prioritized to provide a more consistent client experience with the "hardwired fallback" transition to sofr. if there are remaining contracts without fallback language, truist may leverage recent legislation and corresponding safe harbor provision to transition these loans to sofr.
truist's adjustable-rate mortgage products ($3.5 billion) have consistent and adequate fallback language to transition away from libor in line with industry expectations; therefore, these contracts will not require remediation. remediation of student loans ($4.7 billion) will follow pending guidance from the department of education on the replacement rate for payment allowances on certain student loans and recent guidance from the cfpb to allow transition to "comparable rates," in the private student loan portfolio, where libor is used directly.
upon the discontinuation of libor, derivatives that reference libor will transition to a sofr-based replacement rate as set forth in the isda protocol addressing libor fallbacks or as established under the recently passed adjustable interest rate (libor) act and rules promulgated thereunder by the frb. certain derivatives without a clearly defined or practicable replacement benchmark rate will use the recent federal legislation to replace libor with a sofr-based rate established by frb rulemaking and follow the isda protocol for transition. this legislation will also provide additional administrative benefit for a small portion of the commercial and consumer lending portfolios where contracts do not contain fallback language and have not yet been remediated, providing a remediation path to a sofr based rate.
in addition, the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, such as sofr, for the company's preferred stock and the company's and truist bank's floating rate notes is dependent on a number of factors, including the fallback language for the applicable series of preferred stock or notes, the application of the libor act and the rules promulgated thereunder by the frb, determinations to be made by third-party calculation or paying agents rather than the company or truist bank as to the replacement rates, and the impact of any publication of a synthetic u.s. dollar libor as currently proposed by the financial conduct authority. see "note 12. shareholders' equity" for information about preferred stock using libor.
training has been provided for impacted teammates and will continue during 2023. truist will continue to provide timely notices and information to impacted clients about the transition during the first half of 2023. truist continues to manage the impact of these contracts and other financial instruments, systems implications, hedging strategies, and related operational and market risks on established project plans for business and operational readiness to support the transition.
as of december 31, 2021, truist ceased entering into new contracts with a libor reference rate for all product offerings, except on a limited basis, as permissible. the company is actively using sofr as a reference rate and has originated approximately $119 billion of loans, issued $9.9 billion of long-term debt, and has $108 billion in notional derivative exposure using this alternative reference rate as of december 31, 2022. alternatives, such as sofr, may react differently from libor in times of economic stress. truist expects sofr to be the primary pricing benchmark used across the industry and will continue to offer additional sofr based products. market risks associated with the transition to alternative reference rates are dependent on market conditions as loans are transitioned to alternative reference rates during 2022 and early 2023. additional alternative reference rates, such as bloomberg short term bank yield, will be supported based on market demand. other emerging credit sensitive rates will be evaluated as additional alternatives for libor based on market developments. for a further discussion of the various risks associated with the potential cessation of libor and the transition to alternative reference rates, refer to the section titled "item1a. risk factors."
market risk from trading activities as a financial intermediary, truist provides its clients access to derivatives, foreign exchange and securities markets, which generate market risks. trading market risk is managed using a comprehensive risk management approach, which includes measuring risk using var, stress testing, and sensitivity analysis. risk metrics are monitored against a suite of limits on a daily basis at both the trading desk level and at the aggregate portfolio level, which is intended to ensure that exposures are in line with truist's risk appetite.
truist is also subject to risk-based capital guidelines for market risk under the market risk rule.
66 truist financial corporation covered trading positions covered positions subject to the market risk rule include trading assets and liabilities, specifically those held for the purpose of short-term resale or with the intent of benefiting from actual or expected short-term price movements or to lock in arbitrage profits. truist's trading portfolio of covered positions results primarily from market making and underwriting services for the company's clients, as well as associated risk mitigating hedging activity. the trading portfolio, measured in terms of var, consists primarily of four sub-portfolios of covered positions: (i) credit trading, (ii) fixed income securities, (iii) interest rate derivatives, and (iv) equity derivatives. as a market maker across different asset classes, truist's trading portfolio also contains other sub-portfolios, including foreign exchange, loan trading, and commodity derivatives; however, these portfolios do not generate material trading risk exposures.
valuation policies and methodologies exist for all trading positions. additionally, these positions are subject to independent price verification. see "note 19. derivative financial instruments," "note 18. fair value disclosures," and "critical accounting policies" herein for discussion of valuation policies and methodologies.
securitizations as of december 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of on-balance sheet securitization positions subject to the market risk rule was $12 million, all of which were non-agency asset backed securities positions. consistent with the market risk rule requirements, the company performs pre-purchase due diligence on each securitization position to identify the characteristics including, but not limited to, deal structure and the asset quality of the underlying assets, that materially affect valuation and performance. securitization positions are subject to truist's comprehensive risk management framework, which includes daily monitoring against a suite of limits. there were no off-balance sheet securitization positions during the reporting period.
correlation trading positions the trading portfolio of covered positions did not contain any correlation trading positions as of december 31, 2022.
var-based measures var measures the potential loss of a given position or portfolio of positions at a specified confidence level and time horizon. truist utilizes a historical var methodology to measure and aggregate risks across its covered trading positions. for risk management purposes, the var calculation is based on a historical simulation approach and measures the potential trading losses using a one-day holding period at a one-tail, 99% confidence level. for market risk rule purposes, the company calculates var using a 10-day holding period and a 99% confidence level. due to inherent limitations of the var methodology, such as the assumption that past market behavior is indicative of future market performance, var is only one of several tools used to measure and manage market risk. other tools used to actively manage market risk include stress testing, scenario analysis, and stop loss limits.
the trading portfolio's var profile is influenced by a variety of factors, including the size and composition of the portfolio, market volatility, and the correlation between different positions. a portfolio of trading positions is typically less risky than the sum of the risk from each of the individual sub-portfolios, because, under normal market conditions, risk within each category partially offsets the exposure to other risk categories. the following table summarizes certain var-based measures for the 12 months ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. average one and ten-day var measures for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased from the same period of last year, primarily driven by higher market volatility in 2022. maximum one and ten-day var measures for the year ended december 31, 2022 were lower than 2021 as heightened market volatility experienced during march 2020 was used for measuring var until march 2021.
credit spread risk                                                                                                                                               8                                                                          5
equity price risk                                                                                                                                                1                                                                          1
stressed var-based measures stressed var, another component of market risk capital, is calculated using the same internal models as used for the var-based measure. stressed var is calculated over a ten-day holding period at a one-tail, 99% confidence level and employs a historical simulation approach based on a continuous twelve-month historical window selected to reflect a period of significant financial stress for the company's trading portfolio. the following table summarizes stressed var-based measures:
specific risk measures specific risk is a measure of idiosyncratic risk that could result from risk factors other than broad market movements (e.g., default or event risks). the market risk rule provides fixed risk weights under a standardized measurement method while also allowing a model-based approach, subject to regulatory approval. truist utilizes the standardized measurement method to calculate the specific risk component of market risk regulatory capital. as such, incremental risk capital requirements do not apply.
var model backtesting in accordance with the market risk rule, the company evaluates the accuracy of its var model through daily backtesting by comparing aggregate daily trading gains and losses (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income, and intraday trading) from covered positions with the corresponding daily var-based measures generated by the model. as illustrated in the following graph, there were no company-wide var backtesting exceptions during the twelve months ended december 31, 2022. the total number of company-wide var backtesting exceptions over the preceding twelve months is used to determine the multiplication factor for the var-based capital requirement under the market risk rule. the capital multiplication factor increases from a minimum of three to a maximum of four, depending on the number of exceptions. all company-wide var backtesting exceptions are thoroughly reviewed in the context of var model use and performance. there was no change in the capital multiplication factor over the preceding twelve months.
68 truist financial corporation model risk oversight mro is responsible for the independent model validation of all decision tools and models including trading market risk models. the validation activities are conducted in accordance with mro policy, which incorporates regulatory guidance related to the evaluation of model conceptual soundness, ongoing monitoring, and outcomes analysis. as part of ongoing monitoring efforts, the performance of all trading risk models are reviewed regularly to preemptively address emerging developments in financial markets, assess evolving modeling approaches, and identify potential model enhancement.
stress testing the company uses a comprehensive range of stress testing techniques to help monitor risks across trading desks and to augment standard daily var and other risk limits reporting. the stress testing framework is designed to quantify the impact of extreme, but plausible, stress scenarios that could lead to large, unexpected losses. stress tests include simulations for historical repeats and hypothetical risk factor shocks. all trading positions within each applicable market risk category (interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign exchange rate risk, credit spread risk, and commodity price risk) are included in the company's comprehensive stress testing framework. management reviews stress testing scenarios on an ongoing basis and makes updates, as necessary, which is intended to ensure that both current and emerging risks are captured appropriately. management also utilizes stress analyses to support the company's capital adequacy assessment standards. see the "capital" section of md&a for additional discussion of capital adequacy.
credit risk credit risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from the default, inability or unwillingness of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty to meet the terms of any financial obligation to truist or otherwise perform as agreed. credit risk exists in all activities where success depends on the performance of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty. credit risk arises when truist funds are extended, committed, invested, or otherwise exposed through actual or implied contractual agreements, whether on or off-balance sheet. credit risk increases when the credit quality of an issuer whose securities or other instruments the bank holds has deteriorated.
truist has established the following general practices to manage credit risk:
•limiting the amount of credit that individual lenders may extend to a borrower;
•establishing a process for credit approval accountability;
•careful initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market and collateral risks;
•ongoing servicing and monitoring of individual loans and lending relationships;
•continuous monitoring of the portfolio, market dynamics and the economy; and
•periodically reevaluating the company's strategy and overall exposure as economic, market and other relevant conditions change.
the following discussion describes the underwriting procedures and overall risk management of truist's lending function.
underwriting approach the loan portfolio is a primary source of profitability and risk; therefore, proper loan underwriting is critical to truist's long-term financial success. truist's underwriting approach is designed to define acceptable combinations of specific risk-mitigating features that promote credit relationships that conform to truist's risk philosophy. provided below is a summary of the most significant underwriting criteria used to evaluate new loans and loan renewals:
•cash flow and debt service coverage - cash flow adequacy is a necessary condition of creditworthiness, meaning that loans must either be clearly supported by a borrower's cash flow or, if not, must be justified by secondary repayment sources.
•secondary sources of repayment - alternative repayment funds are a significant risk-mitigating factor as long as they are liquid, can be easily accessed, and provide adequate resources to supplement the primary cash flow source.
•value of any underlying collateral - loans are generally secured by the asset being financed. because an analysis of the primary and secondary sources of repayment is the most important factor, collateral, unless it is liquid, does not justify loans that cannot be serviced by the borrower's normal cash flows.
•overall creditworthiness of the client, taking into account the client's relationships, both past and current, with truist and other lenders - truist's success depends on building lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with clients, which involves assessing their financial position and background.
•level of equity invested in the transaction - in general, borrowers are required to contribute or invest a portion of their own funds prior to any loan advances.
refer to the "lending activities" section in md&a for a discussion of each loan and lease portfolio.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that (i) truist will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to obtain adequate funding (funding liquidity risk), or (ii) truist cannot easily unwind or offset specific exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions (market liquidity risk). refer to the "liquidity" section in md&a for additional discussion.
technology risk technology risk is the business risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, influence, and adoption of information technology across the company. truist has defined and adopted a technology risk framework that provides the foundation for technology risk strategy, program, and oversight and defines key objectives, operating model components, risk domains, and capabilities to manage this risk.
cybersecurity risk the technology landscape is constantly evolving, and new and unforeseen threats and actions by others may disrupt operations or result in losses beyond truist's risk control thresholds. truist maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security / cybersecurity framework implemented through people, processes, and technology whereby truist actively monitors and evaluates threats, events, and the performance of its business operations and continually adapts its risk mitigation activities accordingly.
truist's framework aligns with those of the national institute of standards and technology, cyber risk institute, the international standards organization 27000 series, the it governance institute, and the control objectives for information and related technology, as well as conforms with the requirements and guidance from applicable regulatory authorities, including the federal financial institutions examination council. in addition, truist's framework, which includes internally and externally focused capabilities, drives the development and implementation of truist's data security strategy that is designed to reduce risk while enabling truist's corporate business objectives.
truist has built an organization with dedicated, skilled talent to operationalize truist's cybersecurity strategy. the cybersecurity strategy is enabled by continuous enhancement of truist's multilayered defenses including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. truist participates in the federally recognized financial services information sharing and analysis center as a key part of the company's cyber threat intelligence and response programs, as well as other industry organizations and initiatives that promote industry best practices such as harmonized cybersecurity standards, cyber readiness, and secure consumer financial data sharing.
70 truist financial corporation to further mitigate the risks presented by an evolving cyber threat landscape, truist provides data protection guidance to clients and promotes data protection awareness and accountability through mandatory teammate training. truist conducts scenario-driven test exercises simulating impacts and consequences developed through analysis of real-world technology incidents as well as known and anticipated cyber threats. these exercises are designed to assess the viability of truist's crisis response and management programs and provide the basis for continuous improvement.
truist's cybersecurity risk program is overseen by executive leadership and the board. regular updates on the status of the cybersecurity risk program, including information security risks and incidents, emerging threats, and control environment, are aggregated and escalated to executive leadership and the board. additionally, truist has a cyber incident response team that manages significant cyber-specific events with escalation up to executive leadership and the board. truist's framework requires annual exercises at a minimum to test truist's preparedness. the board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cyber security risk and approves related information security policies. although truist has invested substantial resources to manage and reduce cybersecurity risk, it is not possible to completely eliminate this risk. truist obtains insurance that protects against certain losses, expenses, and damages associated with cybersecurity risk. see item 1a, "risk factors," for additional information regarding cybersecurity risk.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules, or regulations, or from non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal policies, and procedures or ethical standards. this risk exposes truist to fines, civil monetary penalties, payment of damages, and the voiding of contracts. compliance risk can result in diminished reputation, reduced franchise or enterprise value, limited business opportunities, and lessened expansion potential.
strategic risk strategic risk is the risk of financial loss, diminished stakeholder confidence, or negative impact to human capital resulting from ineffective strategy setting and execution, adverse business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the banking industry and operating environment. truist is committed to fulfilling its overall strategic objectives by selecting business strategies and operating businesses in a manner consistent with its established risk appetite, achieving profitability/earnings growth and maintaining strong confidence and trust with its key stakeholder constituencies.
reputational risk reputational risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, enterprise value, the truist brand, and public confidence arising from negative publicity or public opinion, whether real or perceived, regarding truist's business practices, products, services, transactions, or other activities undertaken by truist, its representatives, or its partners. a negative reputation may impair truist's relationship with clients, teammates, communities, or shareholders, and it is often a residual risk that arises when other risks are not managed properly.
operational risk operational risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems or from external events. it includes legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from defective transactions, litigation or claims made, or the failure to adequately protect company-owned assets. an operational loss occurs when an event results in a loss or reserve originating from operational risk.
model risk model risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs. truist uses models for many purposes, including the valuation of financial positions, estimation of credit losses, and the measurement of risk. valuation models are used to value certain financial instruments for which quoted prices may not be readily available. valuation models are also used as inputs for var, the estimation of var itself, regulatory capital, stress testing, and the acl. models are owned by the applicable bus, who are responsible for the development, implementation, and use of their models. oversight of these functions is performed by the mro, which is a component of the rmo. once models have been approved, model owners are responsible for the maintenance of an appropriate operating environment and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on a recurring basis. models are updated in response to changes in portfolio composition, industry and economic conditions, technological capabilities, and other developments.
mro manages model risk in a holistic manner through a suite of model governance and model validation activities. the risk of each model is assessed and classified into various risk tiers. additionally, mro maintains an enterprise-wide model inventory containing relevant model information. regarding model validation, mro utilizes internal validation analysts and managers with skill sets in predictive modeling to perform detailed reviews of model development, implementation, and conceptual soundness. on certain occasions, the mro will also engage external parties to assist with validation efforts. once in a production environment, mro assesses a model's performance on a periodic basis through ongoing monitoring reviews. mro tracks issues that have been identified during model validation or through ongoing monitoring and engages with model owners to ensure their timely remediation. mro gauges model risk utilizing a collection of key risk indicators, which are periodically reported to relevant committees, including but not limited to, the model risk oversight committee as well as the board risk committee. mro will also present model risk topics to the board risk committee as necessary.
liquidity liquidity represents the continuing ability to meet funding needs, including deposit withdrawals, repayment of borrowings and other liabilities, and funding of loan commitments. in addition to the level of liquid assets, such as cash, cash equivalents, and afs securities, other factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including access to a variety of funding sources, maintaining borrowing capacity, growing core deposits, loan repayment, and the ability to securitize or package loans for sale.
truist monitors the ability to meet client demand for funds under both normal and stressed market conditions. in considering its liquidity position, management evaluates truist's funding mix based on client core funding, client rate-sensitive funding, and national markets funding. in addition, management evaluates exposure to rate-sensitive funding sources that mature in one year or less. management also measures liquidity needs against 30 days of stressed cash outflows for truist and truist bank. to ensure a strong liquidity position and compliance with regulatory requirements, management maintains a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities.
internal liquidity stress testing liquidity stress testing is designed to ensure that truist and truist bank have sufficient liquidity for a variety of institution-specific and market-wide adverse scenarios. each liquidity stress test scenario applies defined assumptions to execute sources and uses of liquidity over varying planning horizons. the types of expected liquidity uses during a stressed event may include deposit attrition, contractual maturities, reductions in unsecured and secured funding, and increased draws on unfunded commitments. to mitigate liquidity outflows, truist has identified sources of liquidity; however, access to these sources of liquidity could be affected within a stressed environment.
truist maintains a liquidity buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities that is sufficient to meet the projected net stressed cash-flow needs and maintain compliance with regulatory requirements. the liquidity buffer consists of unencumbered highly liquid assets and truist's liquidity buffer is substantially the same in composition to what qualifies as hqla under the lcr rule.
contingency funding plan truist has a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. this plan is designed to examine and quantify the organization's liquidity under the various internal liquidity stress scenarios and is periodically tested to assess the plan's reliability. additionally, the plan provides a framework for management and other teammates to follow in the event of a liquidity contraction or in anticipation of such an event. the plan addresses authority for activation and decision making, liquidity options, and the responsibilities of key departments in the event of a liquidity contraction.
lcr and hqla the lcr rule requires that truist and truist bank maintain an amount of eligible hqla that is sufficient to meet its estimated total net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period of stress. eligible hqla, for purposes of calculating the lcr, is the amount of unencumbered hqla that satisfy operational requirements of the lcr rule. truist and truist bank are subject to the category iii reduced lcr requirements. truist held average weighted eligible hqla of $89.4 billion and truist's average lcr was 112% for the three months ended december 31, 2022.
effective july 2021, truist became subject to final rules implementing the nsfr, which are designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain a stable, long-term funding profile in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities. at december 31, 2022, the company was compliant with this requirement.
72 truist financial corporation sources of funds management believes current sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet truist's on- and off-balance sheet obligations. truist funds its balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including client deposits, secured and unsecured capital markets funding, and shareholders' equity. truist bank's primary source of funding is client deposits. continued access to client deposits is highly dependent on public confidence in the stability of truist bank and its ability to return funds to clients when requested.
truist bank maintains a number of diverse funding sources to meet its liquidity requirements. these sources include unsecured borrowings from the capital markets through the issuance of senior or subordinated bank notes, institutional cds, overnight and term federal funds markets, and retail brokered cds. truist bank also maintains access to secured borrowing sources including fhlb advances, repurchase agreements, and the frb discount window. available investment securities could be pledged to create additional secured borrowing capacity. the following table presents a summary of truist bank's available secured borrowing capacity and eligible cash at the frb:
table 36: selected liquidity sources
unused borrowing capacity:
available investment securities (after haircuts)                  85,401                116,600
available secured borrowing capacity                             155,421                218,014
at december 31, 2022, truist bank's available secured borrowing capacity represented approximately 4.7 times the amount of wholesale funding maturities in one-year or less. fhlb unused borrowing capacity was $20.8 billion at december 31, 2022, down from $49.2 billion at december 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in short-term borrowings.
parent company the parent company serves as the primary source of capital for the operating subsidiaries. the parent company's assets consist primarily of cash on deposit with truist bank, equity investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, and notes receivable from subsidiaries. the principal obligations of the parent company are payments on long-term debt. the main sources of funds for the parent company are dividends and management fees from subsidiaries, repayments of advances to subsidiaries, and proceeds from the issuance of equity and long-term debt. the primary uses of funds by the parent company are investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders, repurchases of common stock, and payments on long-term debt. see "note 22. parent company financial information" for additional information regarding dividends from subsidiaries and debt transactions.
access to funding at the parent company is more sensitive to market disruptions. therefore, truist prudently manages cash levels at the parent company to cover a minimum of one year of projected cash outflows which includes unfunded external commitments, debt service, common and preferred dividends and scheduled debt maturities, without the benefit of any new cash inflows. truist maintains a significant buffer above the projected one year of cash outflows. in determining the buffer, truist considers cash requirements for common and preferred dividends, unfunded commitments to affiliates, serving as a source of strength to truist bank, and being able to withstand sustained market disruptions that could limit access to the capital markets. at december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, the parent company had 37 months and 35 months, respectively, of cash on hand to satisfy projected cash outflows, and 22 months and 19 months, respectively, when including the payment of common stock dividends.
credit ratings credit ratings are forward-looking opinions of rating agencies as to the company's ability to meet its financial commitments and repay its securities and obligations in accordance with their terms of issuance. credit ratings influence both borrowing costs and access to the capital markets. the company's credit ratings are continuously monitored by the rating agencies and are subject to change at any time. as truist seeks to maintain high-quality credit ratings, management meets with the major rating agencies on a regular basis to provide financial and business updates and to discuss current outlooks and trends. see item 1a, "risk factors" for additional information regarding factors that influence credit ratings and potential risks that could materialize in the event of downgrade in the company's credit ratings.
the following table presents the credit ratings and outlooks of truist and truist bank as of december 31, 2022:
table 37: credit ratings of truist financial corporation and truist bank moody's                             s&amp;p                             fitch                               dbrs morningstar truist financial corporation:
issuer                              a2                                  a / a-1                             a+ / f1                             aa / r-1h senior unsecured                    a2                                  a                                   a+                                  aa deposits                            aa3 / p-1                           na                                  aa- / f1+                           aa subordinated                        (p) a2                              a-                                  a                                   aal ratings outlook:
credit trend                        stable                              positive                            stable                              stable recent changes in the company's credit ratings and outlooks include:
•on january 19, 2022, s&p global ratings published truist's assigned esg credit indicators of e-2, s-2, and g-2, which were consistent with the scores assigned to most other banks and which indicated that environmental, social and governance factors have "no material influence" on the rating agency's analysis of the company.
•on august 15, 2022, dbrs morningstar upgraded the ratings of truist, including the long-term issuer rating to "aa (low)" from "a (high)." dbrs morningstar also upgraded the ratings of truist bank, including the long-term issuer rating to "aa" from "aa (low)." the trend for all ratings was revised to "stable" from "positive." the rating actions reflected the scale, quality, and diversity of truist's franchise; the completion of the merger integration; truist's diversified products and geography; and the company's sound balance sheet fundamentals and conservative risk profile.
•on october 21, 2022, fitch ratings affirmed the ratings of truist and truist bank, including the long-term and short-term issuer default ratings at "a+" and "f1," respectively, for both entities. fitch ratings also maintained a "stable" ratings outlook for all ratings. in affirming the ratings, fitch cited truist's diverse business model, conservative credit culture, and the completion of the merger integration.
•on november 3, 2022, moody's investors service affirmed all of the ratings of truist and its subsidiaries, including truist bank. moody's also maintained a "stable" rating outlook for truist. moody's stated that the affirmation of truist's ratings reflects the effective completion of its multi-year integration and truist's strong, diverse, and resilient platform for organic growth, among, among other factors.
management believes current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet truist's current requirements and plans for continued growth. as of december 31, 2022, the company had $2.1 billion in obligations to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding. many of the purchase obligations have terms that are not fixed and determinable and are included in the total amount of obligations based upon the estimated timing and amount of payment. in addition, certain of the purchase agreements contain clauses that would allow truist to cancel the agreement with specified notice; however, that impact is not included in determining the total amount of obligations. see "note 9. other assets and liabilities," "note 11. borrowings," and "note 16. commitments and contingencies" for additional information regarding outstanding balances of sources of liquidity and contractual commitments and obligations.
capital the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital is a management priority and is monitored on a regular basis. truist's principal goals related to the maintenance of capital are to provide adequate capital to support truist's risk profile consistent with the board-approved risk appetite, provide financial flexibility to support future growth and client needs, comply with relevant laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance, achieve optimal credit ratings for truist and its subsidiaries, remain a source of strength for its subsidiaries, and provide a competitive return to shareholders. risk-based capital ratios, which include cet1 capital, tier 1 capital, and total capital are calculated based on regulatory guidance related to the measurement of capital and risk-weighted assets.
74 truist financial corporation truist regularly performs stress testing on its capital levels and is required to periodically submit the company's capital plans and stress testing results to the banking regulators. management regularly monitors the capital position of truist on both a consolidated and bank-level basis. in this regard, management's objective is to maintain capital at levels that are in excess of internal capital limits, which are above the regulatory "well capitalized" minimums. management has implemented internal stress capital ratio minimums to evaluate whether capital ratios calculated after the effect of alternative capital actions are likely to remain above internal minimums. breaches of internal stressed minimums prompt a review of the planned capital actions included in truist's capital plan.
table 38: capital requirements minimum capital                  well capitalized                                           minimum capital plus stress capital buffer (1)
tier 1 capital                                6.0                            6.0   %                       8.0                                                 8.5
total capital                                 8.0                           10.0                          10.0                                                10.5
payments of cash dividends and repurchases of common shares are the methods used to manage any excess capital generated. in addition, management closely monitors the parent company's double leverage ratio (investments in subsidiaries as a percentage of shareholders' equity). the active management of the subsidiaries' equity capital is the process used to manage this important driver of parent company liquidity and is a key element in the management of truist's capital position.
management intends to maintain capital at truist bank at levels that exceed the minimum capital plus ccb. this will also result in truist bank being "well-capitalized" for regulatory purposes. secondarily, it is management's intent to maintain truist bank's capital at levels that result in regulatory risk-based capital ratios that are generally comparable with peers of similar size, complexity, and risk profile. if the capital levels of truist bank increase above these guidelines, excess capital may be transferred to the parent company in the form of special dividend payments, subject to regulatory and other operating considerations.
management's capital deployment plan in order of preference is to focus on (i) organic growth, (ii) dividends, (iii) strategic opportunities and acquisitions, and (iv) share repurchases if excess capital is available.
truist bank's capital ratios are presented in the following table:
table 39: capital ratios - truist bank dec 31, 2022                        dec 31, 2021
tier 1 capital                                            10.6                                10.5
total capital                                             12.1                                12.0
truist's capital ratios are presented in the following table:
table 40: capital ratios - truist financial corporation
tier 1 capital                                                                                   10.5                                   11.3
total capital                                                                                    12.4                                   13.2
non-gaap capital measure (1):
tangible common equity per common share                                                        $18.04                                 $25.47
calculation of tangible common equity (1):
total shareholders' equity                                                                    $60,537                                $69,271
tangible common equity                                                                        $23,933                                $33,826
(1)tangible common equity and related measures are non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of intangible assets, net of deferred taxes, and their related amortization. these measures are useful for evaluating the performance of a business consistently, whether acquired or developed internally. truist's management uses these measures to assess profitability, returns relative to balance sheet risk, and shareholder value. these capital measures are not necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies.
truist's capital level at december 31, 2022 remains strong compared to the regulatory levels for well capitalized banks. truist's cet1 ratio was 9.0% as of december 31, 2022. the decline compared to the 2021 cet1 ratio primarily reflects strong loan growth, acquisitions, and the impact from the phase-in of the cecl transition relief.
truist increased the quarterly common dividend 8% during the year, paid $2.7 billion in common stock dividends or $2.00 per share, and repurchased $250 million of common stock. the dividend payout ratio for 2022 was 45% compared to 41% for the prior year. the total payout ratio for 2022 was 49% compared to 68% for the prior year, reflecting a greater focus on deploying capital to fund organic growth and acquisitions in 2022. in early 2023, truist declared common dividends of $0.52 per share for the first quarter of 2023.
reclassifications in certain circumstances, reclassifications have been made to prior period information to conform to the current presentation. such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported shareholders' equity or net income. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" for additional discussion regarding reclassifications.
critical accounting policies the accounting and reporting policies of truist are in accordance with gaap and conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. the financial position and results of operations are affected by management's application of accounting policies, including estimates, assumptions and judgments made to arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities and amounts reported for revenues and expenses. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in the consolidated financial position and/or consolidated results of operations and related disclosures. understanding truist's accounting policies is fundamental to understanding the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. accordingly, truist's significant accounting policies and effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in detail in "note 1. basis of presentation."
the following is a summary of truist's critical accounting policies that are highly dependent on estimates, assumptions, and judgments. these critical accounting policies are reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a periodic basis.
76 truist financial corporation acl truist's acl represents management's best estimate of expected future credit losses related to the loan and lease portfolios and off-balance sheet lending commitments at the balance sheet date. estimates of expected future loan and lease losses are determined by using statistical models and management's judgement. the models are designed to forecast probability of default, exposure at default and loss given default by correlating certain macroeconomic forecast data to historical experience. the models are generally applied at the portfolio level to pools of loans with similar risk characteristics. the macroeconomic data used in the models is based on forecasted variables for the reasonable and supportable period of two years. beyond this forecast period the models gradually revert to long-term historical loss conditions over a one-year period. as a means of addressing uncertainty related to future economic conditions, the quantitative allowance includes an adjustment that reflects model output calculated using a range of potential future economic conditions. expected losses are estimated through contractual maturity, giving appropriate consideration to expected prepayments unless the borrower has a right to renew that is not cancellable or it is reasonably expected that the loan will be modified as a tdr.
a qualitative allowance which incorporates management's judgement is also included in the estimation of expected future loan and lease losses, including qualitative adjustments in circumstances where the model output is inconsistent with management's expectations with respect to expected credit losses. this allowance is used to adjust for limitations in modeled results related to the current economic conditions, and considerations with respect to the impact of current and expected events or risks, the outcomes of which are uncertain and may not be completely considered by quantitative models.
management considers a range of macroeconomic forecast data in connection with the allowance estimation process. under the range of scenarios considered as of december 31, 2022, use of the company's pessimistic scenario would have resulted in an increase to the modeled allowance results of approximately $2.2 billion. this estimate reflects the sensitivity of the modeled allowance estimate to macroeconomic forecast data but does not consider other qualitative adjustments that could increase or decrease modeled loss estimates calculated using this alternative economic scenario.
the company individually evaluates expected credits losses related to loans and leases that do not share similar risk characteristics and loans that have been classified as a tdr. for individually evaluated loans, the alll is determined through review of data specific to the borrower and related collateral, if any, while for tdrs, default expectations and estimated prepayment speeds that are specific to each of the restructured loan populations are incorporated in the determination of the alll.
the methodology used to determine an estimate for the rufc is similar to that used to determine the funded component of the alll and is measured over the period there is a contractual obligation to extend credit that is not unconditionally cancellable. the rufc is adjusted for factors specific to binding commitments, including the probability of funding and exposure at default. a detailed discussion of the methodology used in determining the acl is included in "note 1. basis of presentation."
fair value of financial instruments the vast majority of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are based on either quoted market prices or market prices for similar instruments. refer to "note 18. fair value disclosures" for additional disclosures regarding the fair value of financial instruments and "note 2. business combinations" for additional disclosures regarding business combinations.
securities truist generally utilizes a third-party pricing service in determining the fair value of its afs investment securities, whereas trading securities are priced internally. fair value measurements for investment securities are derived from market-based pricing matrices that were developed using observable inputs that include benchmark yields, benchmark securities, reported trades, offers, bids, issuer spreads, and broker quotes. management performs procedures to evaluate the fair values provided by the third-party service provider. these procedures, which are performed independent of the responsible business unit, include comparison of pricing information received from the third-party pricing service to other third-party pricing sources, review of additional information provided by the third-party pricing service and other third-party sources for selected securities and back-testing to compare the price realized on security sales to the daily pricing information received from the third-party pricing service. the enterprise valuation committee, which provides oversight to truist's enterprise-wide ipv function, is responsible for the comparison of pricing information received from the third-party pricing service or internally to other third-party pricing sources, approving tolerance limits determined by ipv for price comparison exceptions, reviewing significant changes to pricing and valuation policies and reviewing and approving the pricing decisions made on any illiquid and hard-to-price securities. when market observable data is not available, which generally occurs due to the lack of liquidity or inactive markets for certain securities, the valuation of the security is subjective and may involve substantial judgment by management to reflect unobservable input assumptions.
msrs truist's primary class of msrs for which it separately manages the economic risks relates to residential mortgages. residential msrs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. while sales of msrs do occur, the precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. accordingly, truist estimates the fair value of residential msrs using a stochastic oas valuation model to project residential msr cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios, which are then discounted at risk-adjusted rates. the oas model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenue, costs to service and other economic factors. truist reassesses and periodically adjusts the underlying inputs and assumptions in the oas model to reflect market conditions and assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing the residential msr asset.
fair value estimates and assumptions are compared to industry surveys, recent market activity, actual portfolio experience and, when available, observable market data. due to the nature of the valuation inputs, residential msrs are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. the value of residential msrs is significantly affected by mortgage interest rates available in the marketplace, which influence mortgage loan prepayment speeds. in general, during periods of declining interest rates, the value of msrs declines due to increasing prepayments attributable to increased mortgage-refinance activity. conversely, during periods of rising interest rates, the value of residential msrs generally increases due to reduced refinance activity. truist typically hedges against market value changes in the residential msrs. refer to "note 8. loan servicing" for quantitative disclosures reflecting the effect that changes in management's assumptions would have on the fair value of residential msrs.
lhfs truist originates certain residential and commercial mortgage loans for sale to investors that are measured at fair value. the fair value is primarily based on quoted market prices for securities backed by similar types of loans. changes in the fair value are recorded as components of mortgage banking income, while the related origination costs are generally recognized in personnel expense when incurred. the changes in fair value are largely driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to loan funding and changes in the fair value of servicing associated with the lhfs. truist uses various derivative instruments to mitigate the economic effect of changes in fair value of the underlying loans. lhfs also includes certain loans, generally carried at locom, where management has committed to a formal plan of sale and the loans are available for immediate sale. adjustments to reflect unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value, up to the original carrying amount, and realized gains and losses upon ultimate sale are classified as noninterest income. the fair value of these loans is estimated using observable market prices when available. when observable market prices are not available, the company uses judgment and estimates fair value using internal models that reflect assumptions consistent with those that would be used by a market participant in estimating fair value. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" for further description of the company's accounting for lhfs.
trading loans truist elects to measure certain loans at fair value for financial reporting where fair value aligns with the underlying business purpose. specifically, loans included within this classification include trading loans that are (i) purchased in connection with the company's trs business, (ii) part of the loan sales and trading business within the c&cb segment, or (iii) backed by the sba. refer to "note 16. commitments and contingencies," and "note 19. derivative financial instruments," for further discussion of the company's trs business. the loans purchased in connection with the company's trs and sales and trading businesses are primarily commercial and corporate leveraged loans valued based on quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active by a third-party pricing service. sba loans are fully guaranteed by the u.s. government as to contractual principal and interest and there is sufficient observable trading activity upon which to base the estimate of fair value.
derivative assets and liabilities truist uses derivatives to manage various financial risks and in a dealer capacity to facilitate client transactions. truist mitigates credit risk by subjecting counterparties to credit reviews and approvals similar to those used in making loans and other extensions of credit. in addition, certain counterparties are required to provide collateral to truist when their unsecured loss positions exceed certain negotiated limits. the fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined based on quoted market prices and internal pricing models that use market observable data for interest rates, foreign exchange, equity, and credit. the fair value of interest rate lock commitments, which are related to mortgage loan commitments, is based on quoted market prices adjusted for commitments that truist does not expect to fund and includes the value attributable to the net servicing fee. refer to "note 19. derivative financial instruments" for further information on the company's derivatives.
78 truist financial corporation goodwill and other intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded at their fair values. this often involves estimates based on third-party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, which are inherently subjective. the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received, which is also subjective. business combinations also typically result in goodwill, which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" for a description of the impairment testing process.
at december 31, 2022, truist's reporting units with goodwill balances were cb&w, c&cb, and ih. management reviews the goodwill of each reporting unit for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1 or more often if events or circumstances indicate that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. for its annual impairment review, truist elected to perform a qualitative test of each of its reporting units.
in performing the qualitative assessment as of october 1, 2022, the company evaluated events and circumstances since the last quantitative goodwill assessment, macroeconomic conditions, truist's own operations, key financial metrics, as well as reporting unit and company financial performance, and the industry in which it operates. after assessing all relevant events or circumstances, truist concluded that it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value.
the company also performs sensitivity analyses around the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative test as well as relevant events or circumstances in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions, and the resulting estimated fair values. while the company's sensitivity analyses did not indicate risk of impairment as of october 1, 2022, future potential changes in these assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. additionally, a reporting unit's carrying value could change based on market conditions, asset growth, or the risk profile of those reporting units, which could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than carrying value.
the company monitored events and circumstances during the fourth quarter of 2022, concluding that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of one or more of its reporting units is below its respective carrying amount as of december 31, 2022.
income taxes truist is subject to income tax laws of the u.s., its states, and the municipalities in which the company conducts business. in estimating the net amount due to or to be received from tax jurisdictions either currently or in the future, the company assesses the appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent, and other pertinent information. the income tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant government taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the tax accruals and in evaluating the company's tax positions, including evaluating uncertain tax positions. changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws and new judicial guidance, the status of examinations by the tax authorities, and newly enacted statutory and regulatory guidance that could impact the relative merits and risks of tax positions. these changes, when they occur, impact tax expense and can materially affect operating results. truist reviews tax positions quarterly and adjusts accrued taxes as new information becomes available.
deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable in future years. such assets arise due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from nol and tax credit carryforwards. the company regularly evaluates the ability to realize dtas, recognizing a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the dta will not be realized. in determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary, the company considers the level of taxable income in prior years to the extent that carrybacks are permitted under current tax laws, as well as estimates of future pre-tax and taxable income and tax planning strategies that would, if necessary, be implemented. truist currently maintains a valuation allowance for certain state carryforwards. for additional income tax information, refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" and "note 14. income taxes."
pension and postretirement benefit obligations truist offers various pension plans and postretirement benefit plans to teammates. calculation of the obligations and related expenses under these plans requires the use of actuarial valuation methods and assumptions, which are subject to management judgment and may differ significantly if different assumptions are used. the discount rate assumption used to measure the postretirement benefit obligations is set by reference to an aa above median corporate bond yield curve and the individual characteristics of the plans such as projected cash flow patterns and payment durations.
management also considered the sensitivity that changes in the expected return on plan assets and the discount rate would have on pension expense. for the company's qualified plans, a decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate would result in additional pension expense of approximately $46 million for 2023, while a decrease of 100 basis points in the expected return on plan assets would result in an increase of approximately $136 million in pension expense for 2023. this estimate reflects the sensitivity of certain factors considered in calculation of pension expense but does not consider all factors that could increase or decrease estimates calculated.
the calculation of pension assets and liabilities is also impacted by the year-end valuation, which takes into account the difference between the actual return on plan assets and the estimated return on plan assets that was recognized during the year, as well as an updated discount rate based on current market rates. the year-end valuation resulted in a pre-tax loss in other comprehensive income of $1.9 billion for all pension plans. as expected return on plan assets is determined with the prior year-end's plan asset valuation, the lower year-end plan asset valuation and related amortization of accumulated other comprehensive income will reduce the expected return on plan assets component of net periodic pension cost recognized in other expense in 2023.
refer to "note 15. benefit plans" for disclosures related to the benefit plans.