item 1a.risk factors our business, financial condition and results of operations are and will remain subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. you should carefully consider the following risk factors, which may have materially affected or could materially affect us, including impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price, credit rating or reputation. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our "financial statements and supplementary data" in item 8. these are not the only risks we face. we could also be affected by other unknown events, factors, uncertainties, or risks that we do not currently consider to be material.
business and operating risks the consequences of the covid-19 pandemic have had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on us, as well as on the operations of many of our customers.
the consequences of the covid-19 pandemic have had a substantial impact on business and consumer activity, including contributing to a curtailment of certain business activities (including a decrease in demand for a broad variety of goods and services), significant ongoing supply chain disruptions, economic uncertainty and volatility in global financial markets. these consequences have significantly impacted, and may continue to significantly impact us, and have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on the operations, financial performance and liquidity of many of our customers.
because of ongoing uncertainty with respect to the consequences of the covid-19 pandemic, the future impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity also remains uncertain and difficult to predict. this impact will continue to depend on evolving factors, many of which are not within our control, and to which we may not be able to effectively respond. these risks include, but are not limited to: a significant reduction in revenue due to renewed or extended curtailment of business activities; a significant increase in our expenses or a reduction in our operating margins due to long-term changes in the mix of our products and services; effects from governmental, business and individuals' actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic (including workforce pressures); reductions in operating effectiveness due to employees working remotely or in hybrid models; unavailability of personnel; the delay or cancellation of capital projects and related delays in, or loss of, expected benefits therefrom; limited access to liquidity; increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets; further disruption of global supply chains; impairments in the fair value of our assets; increases in pension funding obligations; and reductions in our customers' credit-worthiness.
changes in general economic conditions, in the u.s. and internationally, may adversely affect us.
we conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories. our operations are subject to cyclicality affecting national and international economies in general, as well as the local economic environments in which we operate. changes in general economic conditions are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. for example, we are affected by levels of industrial production, inflation, unemployment levels, consumer spending and retail activity. we could be materially affected by adverse developments in these aspects of the economy. we have also been, and may in the future be, adversely impacted by changes in general economic conditions as a result of geopolitical uncertainty and/or conflicts in or arising from the countries and/or regions where we operate, including the united kingdom, the european union, the ukraine, the russian federation and the trans-pacific region. changes in general economic conditions, or our inability to accurately forecast these changes or mitigate the impact of these conditions on our business, could materially adversely affect us.
our industry is rapidly evolving. we expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us.
our industry is rapidly evolving, including demands for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. we expect to continue to face significant competition on a local, regional, national and international basis. competitors include the u.s. and other international postal services, various motor carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers, large transportation and e-commerce companies that have made and continue to make significant investments in their own logistics capabilities, some of whom are currently our customers. we also face competition from start-ups and other smaller companies that combine technologies with flexible labor solutions such as crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. competition may also come from other sources in the future as new technologies are developed. competitors have cost, operational and organizational structures that differ from ours and may offer services or pricing terms that we are not willing or able to offer. additionally, to sustain the level of service and value that we deliver to our customers, from time to time we have raised, and may in the future raise, prices and our customers may not be willing to accept these higher prices. if we do not timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, including replacing any lost volume or maintaining our profitability, we could be materially adversely affected.
continued transportation market growth may further increase competition. as a result, competitors may improve their financial capacity and strengthen their competitive positions. business combinations could also result in competitors providing a wider variety of services and products at competitive prices, which could materially adversely affect us.
changes in our relationships with any of our significant customers, including the loss or reduction in business from one or more of them, could have a material adverse effect on us.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, business from one customer, amazon.com, inc. and its affiliates, accounted for 11.3% of our consolidated revenues. some of our other significant customers can account for a relatively significant portion of our revenues in a particular quarter or year. customer impact on our revenue and profitability is based on factors such as: contractual volume amounts; pricing terms; product launches; e-commerce or other industry trends, including those related to the holiday season; business combinations and the overall growth of a customer's underlying business; as well as any disruptions to their businesses. customers could choose, and have in the past chosen, to divert all or a portion of their business with us to one of our competitors, demand pricing concessions for our services, require us to provide enhanced services that increase our costs, or develop their own logistics capabilities. in addition, certain of our significant customer contracts include termination rights of either party upon the occurrence of certain events or without cause upon advance notice to the other party. if all or a portion of our business relationships with one or more significant customers were to terminate or significantly change, this could materially adversely affect us.
we maintain a large workforce. we necessarily depend on the skills and continued service of our employees. we also regularly seek to hire a large number of part-time and seasonal workers. we must be able to attract, engage, develop and retain a large and diverse global workforce and maintain an environment that supports our core values. if we are unable to hire, properly train or retain qualified employees, we could experience higher labor costs, reduced revenues, further increased workers' compensation and automobile liability claims, regulatory noncompliance, customer losses and diminution of our brand value or company culture, which could materially adversely affect us. our ability to control labor costs has in the past been, and is expected to continue to be, subject to numerous factors, including turnover, training costs, regulatory changes, market pressures, inflation, unemployment levels and healthcare and other benefit costs.
in addition, our strategic initiatives, including transformation, have led and are expected to continue to lead to the creation of fewer, but more impactful, jobs as we strive to lower our cost to serve. our inability to continue to retain experienced and motivated employees may also materially adversely affect us.
strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns by our employees could materially adversely affect us.
many of our u.s. employees are employed under a national master agreement and various supplemental agreements with local unions affiliated with the international brotherhood of teamsters (the "teamsters"). these agreements run through july 31, 2023. our airline pilots, airline mechanics, ground mechanics and certain other employees are employed under other collective bargaining agreements. in addition, some of our international employees are employed under collective bargaining or similar agreements. actual or threatened strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns by our employees could adversely affect our ability to meet our customers' needs. we have begun negotiating the various supplemental agreements with the teamsters and expect that negotiations with respect to the national master agreement will commence in april 2023. we are negotiating in good faith in an effort to reach an agreement that is in the best interests of our employees, the teamsters and ups; however, no assurances of our ability to do so, or the timing or terms thereof, can be provided. customers may reduce their business or stop doing business with us if they believe that such actions or threatened actions may adversely affect our ability to provide services. we may permanently lose customers if we are unable to provide uninterrupted service, and this could materially adversely affect us. the terms of future collective bargaining agreements also may affect our competitive position and results of operations. furthermore, our actions or responses to any such negotiations, labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages could negatively impact how our brand is perceived and our corporate reputation and have adverse effects on our business, including our results of operations.
increased security requirements impose substantial costs on us and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach, which could materially adversely affect us.
as a result of concerns about global terrorism and homeland security, various governments have adopted and may continue to adopt stricter security requirements, resulting in increased operating costs. regulatory and legislative requirements may change periodically in response to evolving threats. we cannot determine the effect that any new requirements will have on our operations, cost structure or operating results, and new rules or other future security requirements may increase our operating costs and reduce operating efficiencies. regardless of our compliance with security requirements or the steps we take to secure our facilities or fleet, we could also be the target of an attack or security breaches could occur, which could materially adversely affect us.
a significant data breach or information technology system disruption could materially adversely affect us.
we rely on information technology ("it") networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, as well as certain technology systems from third-party vendors, to operate our business. for example, we rely on it to receive package level information in advance of the physical receipt of packages, to move and track packages through our operations, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. our franchise locations and subsidiaries also rely on it systems to manage their business processes and activities.
in addition, our services, and the operation of our networks and systems involve the collection, storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. we regularly move data across national borders, and are subject to a variety of evolving laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. the scope of these laws is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, the e.u.'s general data protection regulation greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of, and potential penalties under, e.u. law, and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. in addition, china and other countries have also enacted or proposed stringent data localization laws which could significantly increase our costs, require us to make extensive system or operational changes, or adversely affect the value of our services.
it systems (ours, as well as those of our franchisees, acquired businesses, and third-party service providers) are susceptible to damage, disruptions and shutdowns due to programming errors, defects or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware or malware attacks, attacks by foreign governments and state-sponsored actors, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors or other catastrophic events. these events, which have become more frequent and sophisticated, could, from time to time, cause material service outages, allow inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems or information, or result in other material interruptions in our business. in addition, the occurrence of any of these events could expose us, our customers, franchisees, service providers or others, to a risk of loss, disclosure or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personally identifiable information.
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently. in recent periods, the frequency and sophistication of cyber-attacks has increased, including as a result of state-sponsored cybersecurity attacks during periods of geopolitical conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in ukraine. accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate measures to recognize, detect or prevent the occurrence of any of the events described above. we also may not discover the occurrence of any of the events described above for a significant period of time after the event occurs. hybrid and remote working arrangements may heighten these risks.
we also depend on and interact with the it networks and systems of third-parties for many aspects of our operations, including our customers, franchisees and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. these third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. these third parties are subject to risks resulting from data breaches, cyberattacks, it systems disruptions, and other events or actions described above that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. security processes, protocols and standards that we implement and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we impose on such third-parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing such events. any of these events could result in unauthorized access to, or disruptions or denials of access to, misuse or disclosure of, information or systems that are important to us, including proprietary information, sensitive or confidential data, and other information about our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information.
we have invested and expect to continue to invest in it security initiatives, it risk management and disaster recovery plans. the costs and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly frequent, complex and sophisticated cyber threats and regulatory requirements. the occurrence of any of the events described above could result in material disruptions in our business, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, additional regulatory scrutiny, litigation and other potential material liability. in addition, our customers' confidence in our ability to protect data and systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations could be impacted, further disrupting our operations. similarly, an actual or alleged failure to comply with increasingly challenging u.s. and foreign data protection regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation, fines, sanctions or other penalties. while we maintain cyber insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. although to date we are unaware of any material data breach or system disruption, including a cyber-attack, we cannot provide any assurances that such events and impacts will not occur and be material in the future. our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense and may not be successful.
our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the ups brand and our reputation. service quality issues, actual or perceived, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers not to use ups services. also, adverse publicity or public sentiment surrounding labor relations, environmental, sustainability and governance ("esg") concerns, physical or cyber security matters, political activities and similar matters, or attempts to connect our company to such issues, either in the u.s. or elsewhere, could materially adversely affect us. for example, damage to our reputation or loss of brand equity could require the allocation of resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
global climate change presents challenges to our business which could materially adversely affect us.
the effects of climate change present financial and operational risks to our business, both directly and indirectly. we have made several public statements regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions, including our goal to achieve carbon neutrality in our global operations by 2050 and our other short- and mid-term environmental sustainability goals.
our ability to meet our goals will depend in part on significant technological advancements with respect to the development and availability of reliable, affordable and sustainable alternative solutions that are outside of our control, including aviation fuel and alternative fuel vehicles. while we remain committed to being responsive to the effects of climate change and reducing our carbon footprint, there can be no assurances that our goals and strategic plans to achieve those goals will be successful, that the costs related to climate transition will not be higher than expected, that the necessary technological advancements will occur in the timeframe we expect, or at all, that the severity of and or the pace of negative climate-related effects will not accelerate faster than expected, or that proposed regulation or deregulation related to climate change will not have a negative competitive impact, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures or other expenses, revenue or results of operations. furthermore, methodologies for reporting climate-related information may be updated and previously reported information may be adjusted to reflect improvement in the availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. our processes and controls for reporting climate-related information across our operations are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring and reporting sustainability metrics, including disclosures that may be required by the sec, european and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or our ability to achieve such goals in the future. changes in regulation or technology impacting our business could require us to write down the carrying value of assets, which could result in material impairment charges.
moreover, we may determine that it is in our best interests to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current goals based on economic, regulatory or social factors, business strategy or other factors. if we do not meet these goals or there is perception that we failed to meet these goals, then, in addition to regulatory and legal risks related to compliance, we could incur adverse publicity and reaction, which could adversely impact our reputation, and in turn adversely impact our results of operations.
weather conditions or other natural or man-made disasters and the increased severity or frequency thereof (including as a result of climate change), including storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, rising temperatures, epidemics, pandemics, conflicts, civil or political unrest, or terrorist attacks, have in the past and may in the future disrupt our business. customers may reduce shipments, supply chains may be disrupted, demand may be negatively impacted or our costs to operate our business may increase, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. any such event affecting one of our major facilities could result in a significant interruption in or disruption of our business. a potential result of climate change is more frequent or more severe weather events or natural disasters. to the extent such weather events or natural disasters do become more frequent or severe, disruptions to our business and costs to repair damaged facilities or maintain or resume operations could increase.
economic, political, or social developments and other risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect us.
we have significant international operations. we are exposed to changing economic, political and social developments that are beyond our control. emerging markets are often more volatile than those in other countries, and any broad-based downturn in these markets from any of those developments could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are subject to many laws governing our international operations, including those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, govern our environmental impact or labor matters, and restrict where we can do business, our shipments to certain countries and the information that we can provide to non-u.s. governments. our failure to manage and anticipate these and other risks associated with our international operations could materially adversely affect us.
our inability to effectively integrate any acquired operations and realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or dispositions could materially adversely affect us.
from time to time we acquire businesses, form joint ventures and strategic alliances, and dispose of operations. whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends, in part, upon successful integration between the businesses involved, the performance of the underlying operations, capabilities or technologies and the management of the acquired operations. accordingly, our financial results could be materially adversely affected by our failure to effectively integrate acquired operations, unanticipated performance or other issues or transaction-related charges.
financial risks we are exposed to the effects of changing fuel and energy prices, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities.
fuel and energy costs have a significant impact on our operations. we require significant quantities of fuel for our aircraft and delivery vehicles and are exposed to the risks associated with variations in the market price for petroleum products, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. we seek to mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through our pricing strategy and may utilize hedging transactions from time to time. if we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges, higher fuel costs could materially adversely impact our operating results. even if we are able to offset changes in fuel costs with surcharges, high fuel surcharges have in the past, and may in the future result in a shift from our higher-yielding products to lower-yielding products or an overall reduction in volume, revenue and profitability. there can also be no assurance that our strategy will be effective. moreover, we could experience a disruption in energy supplies as a result of new or increased regulation, war or other conflicts, weather-related events or natural disasters, actions by producers (including as part of their own sustainability efforts) or other factors beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
changes in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates may have a material adverse effect on us.
we conduct business in a number of countries, with a significant portion of our revenue derived from operations outside the united states. our international operations are affected by changes in the exchange rates for local currencies, in particular the euro, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi and hong kong dollar.
we are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and that portion of our long-term debt that carries floating interest rates. additionally, changes in interest rates impact the valuation of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and the related costs recognized in the statements of consolidated income. the impact of changes in interest rates on our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and costs, and on our debt, is discussed further in part i, "item 7 - critical accounting estimates," and part ii, "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," respectively, of this report.
we monitor and manage foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate exposures, and use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial condition and results of operations; however, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates cannot always be predicted or effectively hedged, and may have a material adverse effect on us.
our business requires significant capital and other investments; if we do not accurately forecast our future investment needs, we could be materially adversely affected.
our business requires significant capital investments, including in aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities and sortation and other equipment. in addition to forecasting our capital investment requirements, we adjust other elements of our operations and cost structure in response to economic and regulatory conditions, and consistent with our long-term strategy and commitments. these investments support both our existing business and anticipated growth. forecasting amounts, types and timing of investments involves many factors which are subject to uncertainty and may be beyond our control, such as general economic trends, revenues, profitability, changes in governmental regulation and competition. if we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could under- or over-invest, or have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, any of which would negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
employee health and retiree health and pension benefit costs represent a significant expense to us; further cost increases could materially adversely affect us.
our employee health, retiree health and pension benefit expenses are significant. in recent years, we have experienced significant increases in some of these costs, in particular, ongoing increases in healthcare costs in excess of the rate of inflation and historically low discount rates that we use to value our company-sponsored defined benefit plan obligations. increasing healthcare costs, volatility in investment returns and discount rates, as well as changes in laws, regulations and assumptions used to calculate retiree health and pension benefit expenses, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations, and have required, and may in the future require significant contributions to our benefit plans. our national master agreement with the teamsters includes provisions that are designed to mitigate certain healthcare expenses, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that these efforts will not materially adversely affect us.
we participate in various trustee-managed multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. as part of the overall collective bargaining process for wage and benefit levels, we have agreed to contribute certain amounts to the multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period. the multiemployer benefit plans set benefit levels and are responsible for benefit delivery to participants. future contribution amounts to multiemployer benefit plans will be determined through collective bargaining. however, in future collective bargaining negotiations, we could agree to make significantly higher future contributions to one or more of these plans. at this time, we are unable to determine the amount of additional future contributions, if any, or whether any material adverse effect on us could result from our participation in these plans.
in addition to our ongoing multiemployer pension plan obligations, we may have an obligation in the future to pay significant coordinating benefits previously earned by ups employees in the central states pension fund (the "cspf"). for additional information on our potential liabilities related to the cspf, see note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
we have a combination of both self-insurance and high-deductible insurance programs for the risks arising out of our business and operations, including claims exposure resulting from cargo loss, personal injury, property damage, aircraft and related liabilities, business interruption and workers' compensation. self-insured workers' compensation, automobile and general liabilities are determined using actuarial estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred and an estimate of incurred but not reported claims, on an undiscounted basis. our accruals for insurance reserves reflect certain actuarial assumptions and management judgments, which are subject to a high degree of variability. if the number or severity of claims for which we are retaining risk continues to increase, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. if we lose our ability to, or decide not to, self-insure these risks, our insurance cost could materially increase and we may find it difficult to obtain adequate levels of insurance coverage.
changes in markets and our business plans have resulted, and may in the future result, in substantial impairments of the carrying value of our assets, thereby reducing our net income.
we regularly assess the carrying values of our assets relative to their estimated fair values. the determination of fair value is dependent on a significant number of estimates and assumptions that could be impacted by a variety of factors, including changes in business strategy, revenue, expenses, government regulations, including regulation related to climate change, costs of capital and economic or market conditions. the use of different estimates or assumptions could also result in different estimates of fair value. our estimates of fair value have resulted from time to time, and may in the future result, in substantial impairments of our assets. in addition, we have been and may be required in the future to recognize increased depreciation and amortization charges if we determine the useful lives or salvage values of our assets are less than we originally estimated. such changes have in the past, and may in the future, reduce our net income.
we may have significant additional tax liabilities that could materially adversely affect us.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
we are regularly under audit by tax authorities in many jurisdictions. economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. in addition, changes in u.s. federal and state or international tax laws, other fundamental law changes currently being considered by many countries, and changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions may materially adversely impact our tax expense and cash flows.
regulatory and legal risks increasingly complex and stringent laws, regulations and policies could materially increase our operating costs.
we are subject to complex and stringent aviation, transportation, environmental, security, labor, employment, safety, privacy, disclosure and data protection and other governmental laws, regulations and policies, both in the u.s. and internationally. in addition, we are impacted by laws, regulations and policies that affect global trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, embargoes, sanctions, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. trade discussions and arrangements between the u.s. and various of its trading partners are fluid, and existing and future trade agreements are, and are expected to continue to be, subject to a number of uncertainties, including the imposition of new tariffs or adjustments and changes to the products covered by existing tariffs. the impact of new laws, regulations and policies or decisions or interpretations by authorities applying those laws and regulations, cannot be predicted. compliance with any new laws, regulations or policies may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies in the u.s. or other countries could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could materially adversely affect us.
increasingly stringent regulations related to climate change could materially increase our operating costs.
regulation of greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions exposes us to potentially significant new taxes, fees and other costs. compliance with such regulation, and any increased or additional regulation, or the associated costs is further complicated by the fact that various countries and regions may adopt different approaches to climate change regulation.
for example, in 2016, the international civil aviation organization ("icao") adopted the carbon offsetting and reduction scheme for international aviation ("corsia"), which is a global, market-based emissions offset program to encourage carbon-neutral growth. a voluntary participation pilot phase began in 2021, and full mandatory participation is scheduled to begin in 2027. icao continues to develop details regarding implementation, but compliance with corsia will increase our operating costs.
in the u.s., congress has considered but, to date, not passed various bills that would regulate ghg emissions. nevertheless, we believe some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future. even in the absence of such legislation, the environmental protection agency could determine to regulate ghg emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, and this could impose substantial costs on us.
in addition, the impact that the re-entry into the paris climate accord may have on future u.s. policy regarding ghg emissions, on corsia and on other ghg regulation remains uncertain. the extent to which other countries implement that accord could also have a material adverse effect on us.
increased regulation relating to ghg emissions in the u.s. or abroad, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, could, among other things, increase the cost of fuel and other energy we purchase and the capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. we cannot predict the impact any future regulation will have on our cost structure or our operating results. it is likely that such regulation could significantly increase our operating costs and that we may not be willing or able to pass such costs along to our customers. moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the ghgs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air services.
we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures which may materially adversely affect us.
the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, business practices, environmental liability and other matters. any material litigation or a catastrophic accident or series of accidents could result in significant expenditures and have a material adverse effect on us.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we continue to execute our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, focusing on the parts of our market that value our integrated global network and building capabilities that matter to our customers. we are shifting our strategic framework to better and bolder by seeking to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities to drive new services, while at the same time increasing efficiencies and remaining disciplined with capital allocation.
a number of macroeconomic factors contributed to a challenging operating environment in 2022, including global inflation and rising interest rates, recessionary forecasts, wage and labor market pressures, geopolitical uncertainties and foreign currency exchange rates relative to the united states ("u.s.") dollar. we continued to be affected by covid-19 lockdowns in china that impacted both manufacturing and supply chains. in addition, consumers returned to more pre-pandemic shopping patterns. these factors resulted in disruptions to certain parts of our business, negatively impacted demand for our services and contributed to increases in certain of our operating costs. we anticipate these factors will continue to impact us into 2023. we expect we may experience additional uncertainty related to the upcoming renegotiation of certain of our union labor agreements.
despite the challenging macroeconomic environment, our strategic execution strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in the generation of strong cash flows for the year. we retired $2.0 billion of debt, reinvested in the business and returned cash to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. we also completed the acquisition of delivery solutions, a digital platform that optimizes customer deliveries across multiple networks, and the acquisition of bomi group, which will accelerate our growth in healthcare logistics by expanding our footprint and bringing additional expertise in cold chain logistics. neither acquisition had a material impact on our results of operations for the year. see note 8 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for additional information on business acquisitions.
we have two reportable segments: u.s. domestic package and international package, which are together referred to as our global small package operations. our remaining businesses are reported as supply chain solutions.
highlights of our results for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, which are discussed in more detail in the sections that follow, include:
year ended december 31,   change
operating profit (in millions)                         $13,094                         $12,810        $284                            2.2   %
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•average daily package volume in our global small package operations decreased, primarily due to lower levels of business-to-consumer shipping.
•revenue increased due to strong revenue per piece growth, with most of the increase in our u.s. domestic package segment. revenue in supply chain solutions decreased.
•operating expenses increased, driven by higher fuel prices and higher compensation and benefits expense, primarily in our u.s. domestic package segment.
•operating profit and operating margin increased, with the increases coming from the u.s. domestic package segment and supply chain solutions, while operating profit and operating margin declined in the international package segment.
•we reported net income of $11.5 billion and diluted earnings per share of $13.20. adjusted diluted earnings per share was $12.94 after adjusting for the after-tax impacts of:
◦defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plan mark-to-market gains outside of a 10% corridor, together with defined benefit pension plan curtailment gains, totaling $806 million, or $0.92 per diluted share;
◦a one-time, non-cash charge related to the accelerated vesting of certain equity awards in connection with an incentive compensation program design change of $384 million, or $0.44 per diluted share;
◦a one-time, non-cash charge in connection with a reduction in the estimated residual value of our md-11 aircraft of $58 million, or $0.07 per diluted share; and
◦transformation strategy costs of $142 million, or $0.15 per diluted share.
in the u.s. domestic package segment, revenue growth resulted from higher fuel revenue, driven by increases in both price per gallon and in fuel surcharge rates as part of our pricing initiatives, as well as improvements in revenue quality and customer mix. expenses increased due to higher fuel prices and higher compensation and benefits costs, which were partially offset by declines in purchased transportation costs and higher productivity as we executed our strategy.
in our international package segment, revenue increased slightly, driven by fuel revenue, revenue quality actions and favorable shifts in customer and product mix. these increases were mostly offset by lower volume, the impact of the strengthening u.s. dollar and reductions in demand-related surcharges, primarily in the fourth quarter. expense increases were primarily driven by higher fuel prices, partially offset by favorable currency impacts and volume declines.
in supply chain solutions, the decrease in revenue was driven by volume and market rate declines in forwarding, as well as the impact of divesting ups freight in 2021. these decreases were partially offset by growth in our healthcare operations and in a number of our other businesses. expenses decreased, driven by lower transportation costs in forwarding and a reduction in operating expenses due to the divestiture of ups freight. these decreases were partially offset by higher operating costs in logistics.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021 filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 22, 2022.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations supplemental information - items affecting comparability we supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") with certain non-gaap financial measures.
adjusted financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our reported results prepared in accordance with gaap. our adjusted financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
incentive compensation program design changes                                           $505                                $-
long-lived asset estimated residual value changes                                         76                                 -
transformation strategy costs                                                            178                               380
goodwill and asset impairment charges, and divestitures                                    -                              (46)
defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan (gains) and losses          $(1,061)                          $(3,272)
total adjustments to income before income taxes                                       $(302)                          $(2,938)
income tax (benefit) expense:
incentive compensation program design changes                                         $(121)                                $-
long-lived asset estimated residual value changes                                       (18)                                 -
transformation strategy costs                                                           (36)                              (95)
goodwill and asset impairment charges, and divestitures                                    -                                11
defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan (gains) and losses               255                               784
these items have been excluded from the following discussions of "adjusted" compensation and benefits, operating expenses, operating profit, operating margin, other income and (expense), income tax expense and effective tax rate. the income tax impacts of these items are calculated by multiplying the statutory tax rates applicable in each tax jurisdiction, including the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various u.s. state and non-u.s. jurisdictions, by the tax-deductible adjustments. the blended average effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 were 26.5% and 23.8%, respectively.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations incentive compensation program design changes during 2022, we completed certain structural changes to the design of our incentive compensation programs that resulted in a one-time, non-cash charge in connection with the accelerated vesting of certain equity incentive awards that we do not expect to repeat. we supplement the presentation of our operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of these changes. we believe excluding the impacts of such changes allows users of our financial statements to more appropriately identify underlying growth trends in compensation and benefits expense. for information regarding incentive compensation program design changes, see note 13 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
long-lived asset estimated residual value changes during the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined to retire six of our existing md-11 aircraft from operational use in 2023. in connection therewith, we reduced the estimated residual value of our md-11 fleet, incurring a one-time, non-cash charge on our fully-depreciated aircraft. this charge was allocated between our domestic package and international package segments. we supplement the presentation of our operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of this charge. we believe excluding the impact of this charge better enables users of our financial statements to understand the ongoing cost associated with our long-lived assets. for information regarding residual values, see note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
transformation charges, and goodwill, asset impairment and divestiture charges we supplement the presentation of our operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of charges related to transformation activities, and goodwill, asset impairment and divestiture charges. we believe excluding the impact of these charges better enables users of our financial statements to view underlying business performance from the perspective of management. we do not consider these costs when evaluating the operating performance of our business units, making decisions to allocate resources or in determining incentive compensation awards. for more information regarding transformation activities, see note 18 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. for more information regarding goodwill and asset impairment charges, and divestitures, see note 1 and note 7 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
foreign currency exchange rate changes and hedging activities we supplement the reporting of revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit with adjusted measures that exclude the period over period impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes and hedging activities. we believe currency-neutral revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit information allows users of our financial statements to understand growth trends in our products and results. we evaluate the performance of international package and supply chain solutions on this currency-neutral basis.
currency-neutral revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit are calculated by dividing current period reported u.s. dollar revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit by the current period average exchange rates to derive current period local currency revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit. the derived amounts are then multiplied by the average foreign currency exchange rates used to translate the comparable results for each month in the prior year period (including the period over period impact of foreign currency hedging activities). the difference between the current period reported u.s. dollar revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit and the derived current period u.s. dollar revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit is the period over period impact of currency fluctuations.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan gains and losses we incur certain employment-related expenses associated with pension and postretirement medical benefits. these pension and postretirement medical benefits costs for company-sponsored defined benefit plans are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies, including discount rates, expected returns on plan assets, healthcare cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increase rates, mortality rates and coordination of benefits with plans not sponsored by ups. actuarial assumptions are reviewed on an annual basis, unless circumstances require an interim remeasurement of any of our plans.
we recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10% corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation), as well as gains and losses resulting from plan curtailments and settlements, for our defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans immediately as part of investment income (expense) and other in the statements of consolidated income. we supplement the presentation of our income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with adjusted measures that exclude the impact of these gains and losses and the related income tax effects. we believe excluding these defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan gains and losses provides important supplemental information by removing the volatility associated with plan amendments and short-term changes in market interest rates, equity values and similar factors.
the remeasurement of our defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans' assets and liabilities resulted in gains of $1.1 and $3.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the table below shows the amounts associated with each component of these gains, as well as the weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine our net periodic benefit cost, for each year:
year ended december 31, components of defined benefit plan gain (loss) (in millions):                                                   2022                            2021
return on assets                                                                                        (4,130)                           (269)
demographic and other assumption changes                                                                   (53)                            (97)
coordinating benefits attributable to the central states pension fund                                         -                           1,767
total mark-to-market gain (loss)                                                                          1,027                           3,272
total defined benefit plan gain (loss)                                                                   $1,061                          $3,272
expected rate of return on plan assets used in determining net periodic benefit cost                       5.83    %                       6.40    %
actual rate of return on plan assets                                                                    (24.11)    %                       9.11    %
discount rate used in determining net periodic benefit cost                                                3.11    %                       2.87    %
the pre-tax defined benefit plan gains and losses for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following:
2022 - $1.1 billion pre-tax defined benefit plan gain:
•discount rates ($5.2 billion pre-tax gain): the weighted-average discount rate for our pension and postretirement medical plans increased from 3.11% as of december 31, 2021 to 5.77% as of december 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in u.s. treasury yields as well as an increase in credit spreads on aa-rated corporate bonds in 2022.
•return on assets ($4.1 billion pre-tax loss): in 2022, the actual rate of return on plan assets was lower than our expected rate of return, primarily due to weaker global equity and u.s. bond market performance.
•demographic and other assumption changes ($0.1 billion pre-tax loss): this loss was due to the differences between actual and estimated participant data and demographic factors, including healthcare cost trends, compensation rate increases and rates of termination, retirement and mortality.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2021 - $3.3 billion pre-tax defined benefit plan gain, primarily due to the impact of the interim remeasurement of the ups/ibt plan in the first quarter of 2021 as described in note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements:
•discount rates ($1.9 billion pre-tax gain): this gain was largely attributable to an increase in the discount rate for the ups/ibt plan from 2.98% as of december 31, 2020 to 3.70% as of march 31, 2021, driven by an increase in u.s. treasury yields in 2021.
•return on assets ($0.3 billion pre-tax loss): this loss was driven by the actual rate of return on plan assets being approximately 220 basis points lower than our expected rate of return as of march 31, 2021, primarily due to weak global equity and u.s. bond market performance.
•demographic and other assumption changes ($0.1 billion pre-tax loss): this loss was due to the differences between actual and estimated participant data and demographic factors, including healthcare cost trends, compensation rate increases and rates of termination, retirement and mortality.
•coordinating benefits attributable to the central states pension fund ($1.8 billion pre-tax gain): this represents a reduction of the liability for potential coordinating benefits that may be required to be paid related to the central states pension fund.
expense allocations certain operating expenses are allocated between our operating segments using activity-based costing methods. these activity-based costing methods require us to make estimates that impact the amount of each expense category that is attributed to each segment. changes in these estimates directly impact the amount of expense allocated to each segment and therefore the operating profit of each reporting segment. our allocation methodologies are refined periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses. there were no significant changes to our allocation methodologies for 2022 relative to 2021.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations u.s. domestic package year ended december 31,                                           change
incentive compensation program design changes                   (431)                               -                     (431)                         n/a long-lived asset estimated residual value changes                (25)                               -                      (25)                         n/a transformation strategy costs                                   (121)                           (281)                       160                  (56.9)   %
operating profit (in millions) and operating margin:
operating profit                                               $6,997                          $6,436                      $561                     8.7   %
adjusted operating profit                                      $7,574                          $6,717                      $857                    12.8   %
revenue the change in revenue was due to the following factors:
revenue change drivers:       volume                  rates /                    fuel                       total revenue product mix                surcharge                  change
revenue also benefited from one additional operating day in 2022 compared to 2021.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations volume average daily volume decreased, driven by a 5.1% reduction in residential shipments. the decline in residential shipments was driven by declines from our largest customer in accordance with our agreed upon contract terms as we continued to execute within our strategy. this decline was slightly offset by growth from small- and medium-sized businesses ("smbs"), including the expansion of our digital access program. macroeconomic factors, including rising interest rates and inflation, and the shift in consumer spending back towards services and in-store shopping also contributed to the residential volume decline. business-to-consumer shipments represented approximately 59.4% of average daily volume compared to 60.7% in 2021.
business-to-business shipments remained relatively flat compared to 2021. commercial activity increased in the first half of the year, but declined in the second half of 2022, primarily from industry sectors that are more sensitive to the macroeconomic factors discussed above.
we anticipate overall average daily volume year-over-year growth rates will continue to decline in the first half of 2023 and then grow through the remainder of the year as economic conditions improve.
within our air products, average daily volume decreases were driven by lower volumes from certain large customers, as well as shifts in product preferences during the second half of the year.
ground residential average daily volume decreased 4.3%, driven by the declines discussed above. surepost volume remained relatively flat for the year. ground commercial volume increased 0.6%, driven by growth from smbs and large customers in the first half of 2022 that was largely offset by volume declines in the second half of the year.
rates and product mix revenue per piece in our air and ground products increased for the full year, driven by base rate increases and other pricing actions, and favorable changes in customer mix. a shift in product mix during the second half of the year, and declines in demand-related surcharges, slightly offset these increases. rates for air and ground products increased an average of 5.9% in december 2021. in our next day air and deferred products, revenue per piece growth was negatively impacted by a reduction in average billable weight per piece.
we anticipate moderate revenue per piece growth in 2023 as we continue to execute on pricing initiatives within our strategy.
fuel surcharges we apply a fuel surcharge on our domestic air and ground services that adjusts weekly. our air fuel surcharge is based on the u.s. department of energy's ("doe") gulf coast spot price for a gallon of kerosene-type fuel, and our ground fuel surcharge is based on the doe's on-highway diesel fuel price.
fuel surcharge revenue increased $3.0 billion, driven by increases in price per gallon and increases in fuel surcharges as part of our pricing initiatives. we expect a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue in 2023 based on the current commodity market outlook.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operating expenses operating expenses and adjusted operating expenses increased year over year. the increase includes the impact of one additional operating day. the cost of operating our integrated air and ground network increased $858 million and pickup and delivery costs increased $1.5 billion. other indirect operating costs increased $498 million and package sorting costs increased $163 million. these increases primarily consisted of the following:
•higher fuel costs, primarily attributable to increases in the price of jet fuel, diesel and gasoline. as noted above, we expect fuel prices to decline in 2023.
•increases in employee benefits expense for our union workforce, driven by contractual rate increases for contributions to multiemployer benefit plans, as well as higher year-over-year service cost for our company-sponsored pension plans.
•higher compensation expense due to contractual rate increases and cost of living and market-rate adjustments for our union workforce, that were partially offset by a decrease in union labor hours.
•inflationary pressures that contributed to cost increases in repairs and maintenance and facility operating costs.
these increases were partially offset by lower purchased transportation costs due to a reduction in ground volume handled by third-party carriers and continued productivity initiatives as we executed within our strategy.
total cost per piece increased 9.2% for the year and adjusted cost per piece increased 8.6%, for the reasons described above. we anticipate that the cost per piece growth rate will be elevated in the first quarter of 2023 and will then moderate throughout the remainder of the year. we expect our productivity initiatives will continue to help offset rising compensation and benefit costs.
operating profit and margin as a result of the factors described above, operating profit increased $561 million, with operating margin increasing 20 basis points to 10.9%. adjusted operating profit increased $857 million, with adjusted operating margin increasing 70 basis points to 11.8%.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations international package year ended december 31,                                             change
incentive compensation program design changes                    (30)                               -                        (30)                         n/a long-lived asset estimated residual value changes                (51)                               -                        (51)                         n/a transformation strategy costs                                    (12)                            (74)                          62                  (83.8)   %
operating profit (in millions) and operating margin:
operating profit                                               $4,326                          $4,646                      $(320)                   (6.9)   %
adjusted operating profit                                      $4,419                          $4,720                      $(301)                   (6.4)   %
currency translation benefit / (cost)-(in millions)*:
operating profit                                                                                                           $(268)
*        net of currency hedging; amount represents the change compared to the prior year.
revenue the change in revenue was due to the following:
revenue change drivers:       volume                  rates /                    fuel              currency                total revenue product mix                surcharges                                change
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations volume average daily volume decreased for both domestic and export products. volume from both large customers and smbs declined, driven by declines in the retail and technology sectors. business-to-consumer volume decreased 17.2%, as challenging global economic conditions, including high inflation, high energy costs, covid-19 lockdowns in china and geopolitical uncertainty, impacted consumer demand. in the first half of the year, volume growth was also impacted by the year-over-year effect of covid-19 restrictions on consumer e-commerce spending. these global economic conditions also impacted business-to-business volume, which decreased 2.9%. we expect year-over-year volume growth in the first half of 2023 to be negative, with economic conditions and volume growth rates improving in the second half of the year.
export volume decreased for the year driven by reduced intra-europe activity, as well as lower volumes on the asia and u.s. export trade lanes. intra-europe declines resulted from overall economic conditions. the decline in asia export trade lanes was also driven by covid-19 lockdowns, which resulted in fewer flights being operated throughout the year and reduced business activity within china and hong kong. we experienced lower volumes from certain large customers on u.s. export trade lanes, due to the strength of the u.s. dollar and the economic factors discussed above.
our premium products saw volume decline 3.0%, primarily from our express saver product which was impacted by lower volumes from certain large customers as a result of the economic factors and covid-19 disruptions discussed above. volume in our non-premium products decreased 1.4%, driven by declines in our worldwide products. these declines were the result of an overall reduction in consumer demand for all of the reasons discussed above.
domestic volume declines were largest in europe and canada, where macroeconomic conditions and the year-over-year impact of covid-19 restrictions on e-commerce spending resulted in lower residential deliveries.
rates and product mix in december 2021, we implemented an average 5.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates for international shipments originating in the united states. rate changes for shipments originating outside the u.s. are made throughout the year and vary by geographic market. we continue to apply demand-related surcharges on certain lanes.
total revenue per piece increased 7.6%, primarily due to fuel surcharges and favorable shifts in customer and product mix as we executed on revenue quality initiatives. demand-related surcharges contributed slightly to the growth in revenue per piece, although we experienced a decline in these surcharges during the latter part of the year. unfavorable currency movements partially offset these increases. excluding the impact of currency, revenue per piece increased 13.5%.
export revenue per piece increased 5.0% for the reasons described above. excluding the impact of currency, export revenue per piece increased 9.6%.
domestic revenue per piece increased 2.1% for the reasons described above. excluding the impact of currency, domestic revenue per piece increased 13.3%.
we expect overall revenue per piece to be relatively flat in 2023, with a decline in demand-related surcharges relative to 2022.
fuel surcharges the fuel surcharge we apply to international air services originating inside or outside the u.s. is largely indexed to the doe's gulf coast spot price for a gallon of kerosene-type jet fuel. the fuel surcharges for ground services originating outside the u.s. are indexed to fuel prices in the region or country where the shipment originates.
total international fuel surcharge revenue increased by $1.2 billion, driven primarily by increases in price per gallon as well as changes in fuel surcharge rates as part of our pricing strategy. these increases were slightly offset by unfavorable currency movements and volume declines. based on commodity forecasts, we expect declining fuel prices will drive a decrease in fuel surcharge revenue in 2023.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operating expenses operating expenses, and adjusted operating expenses, increased year over year. this includes the impact of one additional operating day. the costs of operating our integrated international air and ground network increased $1.1 billion, primarily due to higher fuel prices. as noted above, we expect fuel prices to decrease in 2023.
pickup and delivery costs decreased $333 million, other indirect costs, including compensation and benefits, decreased $319 million and package sorting costs decreased $20 million as inflationary pressures were more than offset by favorable currency movements and volume declines. we expect volume declines and inflationary pressures will continue to impact our costs in 2023. we will continue adjusting our network in order to mitigate these impacts.
operating profit and margin as a result of the factors described above, operating profit decreased $320 million, with operating margin decreasing 180 basis points to 22.0%. adjusted operating profit decreased $301 million and adjusted operating margin decreased 180 basis points to 22.4%.
substantially all of our operations in russia and belarus remain suspended and are being wound down, and our operations in ukraine remain suspended. none of these actions have had a material impact on us. we continue to monitor the evolving impact of russia's invasion of ukraine on the global economy.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations supply chain solutions year ended december 31,                                             change
forwarding                                                               $8,943                                $9,872                      $(929)                   (9.4)   %
incentive compensation program design changes                              (44)                                     -                        (44)                         n/a transformation strategy costs                                              (45)                                  (25)                        (20)                    80.0   %
goodwill, asset impairment charges and divestitures                           -                                    46                        (46)                 (100.0)   %
operating profit (in millions) and operating margins:
operating profit                                                         $1,771                                $1,728                         $43                     2.5   %
adjusted operating profit                                                $1,860                                $1,707                        $153                     9.0   %
currency translation benefit / (cost)-(in millions)*:
operating profit                                                                                                                              $35
*        amount represents the change compared to the prior year.
year ended december 31,                                          change
transformation strategy costs:
forwarding                                                      $18                            $8                   $10                      125.0   %
total transformation strategy costs                             $45                           $25                   $20                       80.0   %
incentive compensation program design changes:
forwarding                                                      $22                            $-                   $22                            n/a logistics                                                        22                             -                    22                            n/a total incentive compensation program design changes             $44                            $-                   $44                            n/a total adjustments to operating expenses                         $89                           $25                   $64                      256.0   %
**       excludes the $46 million pre-tax gain recognized as part of the divestiture of ups freight for the year ended december 31, 2021.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations revenue total revenue within supply chain solutions decreased for the year. lower volume and revenue in forwarding and the impact of divesting ups freight in the second quarter of 2021 more than offset strong revenue growth in logistics and a number of our other businesses.
forwarding revenue was impacted by the following:
•international airfreight revenue decreased approximately $480 million, as challenging economic conditions and lockdowns in china drove a decline in customer demand during the year. lower demand coupled with higher capacity, particularly in the fourth quarter of 2022, resulted in a decline in the market rates we charge for services, including demand-related surcharges that were elevated in the first quarter of the year.
•revenue in our truckload brokerage business decreased approximately $300 million, as volume and market rates declined. these declines were partly offset by successful revenue quality initiatives.
•the remaining reduction in revenue was attributable to ocean freight forwarding as a result of a significant decline in market rates in the second half of the year, particularly on the asia to u.s. lane. volume also declined during the year, driven by lower customer demand.
as a result of expected market conditions, we anticipate that volume will remain challenged and that market rates within all of our forwarding businesses during the first half of 2023 will be lower than the first half of 2022. rates in our airfreight and truckload brokerage businesses are expected to stabilize in the latter half of 2023.
revenue within our logistics businesses increased as a result of the following factors:
•revenue in our mail services business increased approximately $160 million as a result of volume from new customers, rate increases and a favorable shift in product characteristics.
•the remaining revenue growth was within our other distribution operations. we experienced year-over-year revenue increases, driven by customer expansion, revenue quality initiatives and increased demand for warehousing services.
revenue from the other businesses within supply chain solutions increased, partly due to the acquisition of roadie, inc. in the fourth quarter of 2021. revenue from transition services provided to the acquirer of ups freight increased and revenue from our service contracts with the u.s. postal service also increased. we expect our transition services revenue to decline in 2023 as the acquirer of ups freight begins to exit these arrangements.
operating expenses total operating expenses and total adjusted operating expenses for supply chain solutions decreased for the year. this included a decrease of $952 million due to the divestiture of ups freight in 2021.
forwarding operating expenses decreased $1.1 billion, driven by a reduction in purchased transportation costs. elevated market rates in the first half of 2022 were more than offset by declines in the latter part of the year. we expect market volume and rates will remain low through at least mid-2023, which will reduce our purchased transportation costs.
logistics operating expenses increased $485 million, including the impact of the bomi group acquisition. compensation and benefits expense increased, driven by business growth and inflationary pressures across our logistics businesses. purchased transportation costs increased in our healthcare and mail services businesses due to business growth. mail services expenses were also impacted by transportation rate increases and higher fuel surcharges.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations expenses for the other businesses within supply chain solutions increased. this was driven by the acquisition of roadie, inc. in the fourth quarter of 2021, and higher fuel costs associated with service contracts with the u.s. postal service. costs incurred in procuring transportation for, and providing transition services to, the acquirer of ups freight also increased for the year. we expect these costs to decline in 2023 as the acquirer of ups freight continues to exit these arrangements.
operating profit and margin as a result of the factors described above, total operating profit increased $43 million, with operating margin increasing 90 basis points to 10.8%. on an adjusted basis, operating profit increased $153 million and operating margin increased 150 basis points to 11.3%.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated operating expenses year ended december 31,                                                                  change
compensation and benefits                                     $47,781                             $46,707                              $1,074                                 2.3     %
transformation and other charges                                 (46)                               (206)                                 160                              (77.7)     %
incentive compensation program design changes                   (505)                                   -                               (505)                                       n/a adjusted compensation and benefits                             47,230                              46,501                                 729                                 1.6     %
transformation and other charges                                (132)                               (174)                                  42                              (24.1)     %
long-lived asset estimated residual value changes                (76)                                   -                                                                           n/a goodwill, asset impairment charges and divestitures                 -                                  46                                (46)                             (100.0)     %
currency (benefit) / cost - (in millions)*                                                                                            (1,099)
*amount represents the change in currency translation compared to the prior year.
year ended december 31,                                              change
transformation strategy costs:
benefits                                                         10                           176                     (166)                     (94.3)   %
total transformation strategy costs                            $178                          $380                    $(202)                     (53.2)   %
incentive compensation program design changes:
compensation                                                    505                             -                       505                            n/a long-lived asset estimated residual value changes:
depreciation and amortization                                    76                             -                        76                            n/a goodwill, asset impairment charges and divestitures:
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations compensation and benefits total compensation and benefits and adjusted total compensation and benefits increased. compensation costs increased $495 million. on an adjusted basis, compensation costs decreased $16 million. the principal factors impacting the change were:
•u.s. domestic direct labor costs increased $422 million due to annual contractual rate increases for our union workforce that occur in august, as well as cost of living adjustments driven by inflation and other market factors. headcount in our line-haul network operations also increased. these increases were partially offset by a reduction in labor hours, driven by volume declines and productivity improvements.
•supply chain solutions' compensation costs increased $95 million, driven by business growth and inflationary pressures across our logistics operations.
•management compensation increased $466 million, primarily due to the accelerated vesting of certain equity incentive awards in connection with a one-time change to the design of our incentive compensation programs. on an adjusted basis, management compensation increased $42 million due to salary growth, which was partially offset by reductions in other incentive awards and sales commissions.
•the ups freight divestiture in 2021 resulted in a $328 million decrease in compensation costs.
we expect inflation and other market factors will continue to impact compensation cost in certain parts of our business in 2023.
benefits costs increased $579 million and increased $745 million on an adjusted basis, primarily as a result of:
•health and welfare costs increased $195 million, driven by increased contributions to multiemployer plans as a result of contractual rate increases that occur annually in august. the ups freight divestiture in 2021 reduced expense by $75 million.
•pension and postretirement benefits increased $215 million due to contractually-mandated contribution increases to multiemployer plans and higher service costs for company-sponsored plans. the ups freight divestiture in 2021 reduced expense by $53 million.
•vacation, excused absence, payroll taxes and other expenses increased $248 million, driven by wage growth and additional discretionary payments. the ups freight divestiture in 2021 reduced expense by $54 million.
•workers' compensation expense increased $88 million due to an increase in current year claims, partially offset by favorable developments in reserves for existing claims.
repairs and maintenance the increase in repairs and maintenance expense was due to an increase in planned building maintenance as well as increases in the cost of materials and supplies, which we expect to persist in 2023. we also incurred higher costs for aircraft engine and airframe maintenance due to the timing of scheduled maintenance events. we anticipate these costs will remain elevated as scheduled maintenance events commence on newer aircraft within our fleet.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense increased, primarily due to the reduction in the estimated residual value of our fully-depreciated md-11 aircraft, facility automation and expansion projects, investments in internally developed software and the amortization of acquired intangible assets. excluding the impact of the estimated residual value change, adjusted depreciation and amortization expense increased due to the aforementioned factors. the reduction in estimated residual value of our md-11 aircraft will result in additional depreciation expense for the remainder of these aircraft in 2023 and thereafter.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations purchased transportation the decrease in purchased transportation expense charged to us by third-party air, ocean and truck carriers was primarily attributable to:
•supply chain solutions expense decreased $957 million, resulting from volume declines in our international air and ocean freight and truckload brokerage businesses and declining market rates paid for services in the latter half of the year. these impacts were slightly offset by expense increases in our logistics operations due to business growth and third-party rate increases in our mail services business. the ups freight divestiture in 2021 drove a decrease of $260 million.
•u.s. domestic expense decreased $254 million, driven by a reduction in ground volume handled by third-party carriers as a result of network optimization initiatives. this was partially offset by the impacts of higher fuel surcharges and rate increases.
•international expense decreased $194 million, primarily due to a reduction in air charter expense in the second half of the year and favorable currency movements. these decreases were partially offset by increases in markets rates for ground transportation and fuel surcharges from third-party carriers.
fuel the increase in fuel expense was primarily driven by higher prices for jet fuel, diesel and gasoline. market prices, and the manner in which we purchase fuel, influence our costs. the majority of our fuel purchases utilize index-based pricing formulas plus or minus a fixed locational/supplier differential. while many of the indices are correlated, each index may respond differently to changes in underlying prices, which in turn can drive variability in our costs.
other occupancy the increase in other occupancy expense, and adjusted other occupancy expense, was due to additional facilities coming into service, higher utilities costs and rent and property tax increases. we expect inflation may continue to impact rent and utility costs in 2023.
•an increase of $170 million in commissions paid for certain online shipments.
•hosted software application fees and other technology costs increased $115 million in support of ongoing investments in our digital transformation.
•professional fees increased $72 million, driven by an increase in support services provided to various business units and information technology consulting to support ongoing strategic initiatives.
•other increases included the cost of goods provided under transitional service agreements to the acquirer of ups freight, allowances for credit losses, facility security expenses and self-insured automobile liability expense, driven by increases in the frequency and severity of claims.
these increases were partially offset by favorable developments in certain legal and tax contingencies and reductions in asset impairment charges and customer claims.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other income and (expense)
the following table sets forth investment income (expense) and other and interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions):
year ended december 31,   change
investment income (expense) and other                                               $2,435                          $4,479        $(2,044)                     (45.6)   %
defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan (gains) and losses         (1,061)                         (3,272)        2,211                        (67.6)   %
adjusted investment income (expense) and other                                      $1,374                          $1,207        $167                           13.8   %
investment income (expense) and other investment and other income decreased $2.0 billion, primarily due to a reduction in mark-to-market gains recognized on remeasurements of our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans. excluding the impact of these gains, adjusted investment and other income increased $167 million, driven by higher yields on higher average invested balances and foreign currency gains. these increases were partially offset by declines in the fair values of certain non-current investments.
interest expense interest expense increased due to the impact of higher effective interest rates on floating rate debt, partially offset by lower average outstanding debt balances, higher capitalized interest and favorable foreign currency exchange rate impacts on foreign currency-denominated debt.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations income tax expense the following table sets forth income tax expense and our effective tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                           change
defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan (gains) and losses           (255)                           (784)                       529                  (67.5)   %
incentive compensation program design changes                                          121                               -                       121                         n/a long-lived asset estimated residual value changes                                       18                               -                        18                         n/a transformation strategy costs                                                           36                              95                      (59)                  (62.1)   %
goodwill and asset impairment charges, and divestitures                                  -                            (11)                        11                 (100.0)   %
for additional information on income tax expense and our effective tax rate, see note 15 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources we deploy a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, including returns to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. as of december 31, 2022, we had $7.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. we believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures and pension contributions, transformation strategy costs, debt obligations and planned shareowner returns. we regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations.
cash flows from operating activities the following is a summary of the significant sources (uses) of cash from operating activities (in millions):
non-cash operating activities(a)                                                                    5,261                   3,335
pension and postretirement medical benefit plan contributions (company-sponsored plans)           (2,342)                   (576)
changes in working capital and other non-current assets and liabilities                             (797)                 (1,106)
other operating activities                                                                              6                      22
net cash from operating activities                                                                $14,104                 $15,007
(a) represents depreciation and amortization, gains and losses on derivative transactions and foreign currency exchange, deferred income taxes, allowances for expected credit losses, amortization of operating lease assets, pension and postretirement medical benefit plan (income) expense, stock compensation expense, changes in casualty self-insurance reserves, goodwill and other asset impairment charges and other non-cash items.
net cash from operating activities decreased $903 million in 2022, driven by higher contributions to our company-sponsored defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans. we made discretionary contributions to our qualified u.s. pension plans of $1.9 billion in 2022 compared to $0.2 billion in 2021.
our working capital benefited from an improvement in collections that was partially offset by increases in duty and tax settlements on behalf of our customers due to the timing of payments. additionally, during 2022, we paid $234 million of employer payroll taxes that were deferred under the coronavirus aid, recovery and economic security ("cares") act in 2020, compared to a payment of $577 million in 2021. we paid the remaining $323 million of deferred employer payroll taxes in january 2023.
cash payments for income taxes were $2.6 billion and $1.9 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with changes driven by the timing of deductions related to pension contributions and depreciation.
as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our working capital efficiency, certain financial institutions offer a supply chain finance ("scf") program to certain of our suppliers. we agree to commercial terms with our suppliers, including prices, quantities and payment terms, regardless of whether the supplier elects to participate in the scf program. suppliers issue invoices to us based on the agreed-upon contractual terms. if they participate in the scf program, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, determine which invoices, if any, to sell to the financial institutions. our suppliers' voluntary inclusion of invoices in the scf program has no bearing on our payment terms. no guarantees are provided by us under the scf program. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to participate, and we have no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions, as it relates to the scf program.
amounts due to our suppliers that participate in the scf program are included in accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. we have been informed by the participating financial institutions that as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, suppliers sold them $806 and $545 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations. amounts due to suppliers that participate in the scf program may be reflected in cash flows from operating activities or cash flows from investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. the amounts settled through the scf program were approximately $2.3 and $1.7 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as of december 31, 2022, approximately $2.2 billion of our total worldwide holdings of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were held by foreign subsidiaries. the amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by our u.s. and foreign subsidiaries fluctuates throughout the year due to a variety of factors, including the timing of cash receipts and disbursements in the normal course of business. cash provided by operating activities in the u.s. continues to be our primary source of funds to finance domestic operating needs, capital expenditures, share repurchases, pension contributions and dividend payments to shareowners. all cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries are generally available for distribution to the u.s. without any u.s. federal income taxes. any such distributions may be subject to foreign withholding and u.s. state taxes. when amounts earned by foreign subsidiaries are expected to be indefinitely reinvested, no accrual for taxes is provided.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cash flows from investing activities our primary sources (uses) of cash from investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in millions):
net cash used in investing activities                                         $(7,472)                   $(3,818)
capital expenditures:
buildings, facilities and plant equipment                                     $(1,708)                   $(1,635)
information technology                                                           (727)                      (567)
total capital expenditures(1):                                                $(4,769)                   $(4,194)
capital expenditures as a % of revenue                                             4.8   %                    4.3   %
other investing activities:
proceeds from disposals of businesses, property, plant and equipment               $12                       $872
net change in finance receivables                                                  $24                        $34
net (purchases), sales and maturities of marketable securities                $(1,651)                        $54
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                              $(755)                     $(602)
other investing activities                                                      $(333)                        $18
(1) in addition to capital expenditures of $4.8 and $4.2 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, there were principal repayments of finance lease obligations of $149 and $208 million, respectively. these are included in cash flows from financing activities.
we have commitments for the purchase of aircraft, vehicles, equipment and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. future capital spending for anticipated growth and replacement assets will depend on a variety of factors, including regulatory, economic and industry conditions. our current investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1.0 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals. it also provides for maintenance of buildings, facilities and equipment and replacement of certain aircraft within our fleet. we currently expect our capital expenditures will be approximately $5.3 billion in 2023, of which approximately 50 percent will be allocated to expansion projects.
total capital expenditures increased in 2022, primarily due to:
•spending on buildings, facilities and plant equipment increased, largely due to facility automation and capacity expansion projects in our global small package business. expenditures in the fourth quarter more than offset the impact of supply chain disruptions that we experienced earlier in the year.
•aircraft and parts expenditures increased due to higher contract deposits on open aircraft orders, partially offset by fewer payments associated with the delivery of aircraft.
•vehicles expenditures increased as supply chain constraints eased in the latter half of 2022 relative to 2021.
•information technology expenditures increased due to additional deployments of technology equipment and continuing investments in our digital capabilities and network automation.
proceeds from the disposal of businesses, property, plant and equipment decreased, primarily due to the 2021 divestiture of ups freight for cash proceeds of $848 million. net purchases of marketable securities increased due to a shift to longer duration investments. the net change in finance receivables was primarily due to reductions in outstanding balances within our finance portfolios.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the increase in cash paid for acquisitions in 2022 was primarily attributable to the acquisitions of bomi group and delivery solutions, and the purchase of development areas for the ups store. cash paid for acquisitions in 2021 related to the acquisition of roadie and the purchase of development areas for the ups store. the increase in other investing activities was driven by our investment of $252 million in the parent company of commercehub, inc., as well as changes in our other non-current investments and various other items.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cash flows from financing activities our primary sources (uses) of cash for financing activities were as follows (amounts in millions, except per share data):
net cash used in financing activities                   $(11,185)                  $(6,823)
cash paid for dividends                                  $(5,114)                  $(3,437)
other financing activities:
cash received for common stock issuances                     $262                      $251
other financing activities                                 $(529)                    $(364)
capitalization:
total shareowners' equity at year end                      19,803                    14,269
total capitalization                                      $39,465                   $36,184
we repurchased 19.0 and 2.6 million shares of class b common stock for $3.5 billion and $500 million under our stock repurchase program for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we anticipate our share repurchases will total $3.0 billion for 2023. for additional information on our share repurchase activities, see note 12 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends reported within shareowners' equity include $249 and $167 million, respectively, of non-cash dividends that were settled in shares of class a common stock.
the declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of the board and depends on various factors, including our net income, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other relevant factors. in the first quarter of 2023, we increased our quarterly dividend from $1.52 to $1.62 per share.
repayments of debt in 2022 included scheduled principal payments on our finance lease obligations, payment of amounts assumed in the bomi group acquisition and repayment at maturity of senior notes as follows:
repayments of debt in 2021 included scheduled principal payments on our finance lease obligations, payments of commercial paper balances and repayment at maturity of senior notes as follows:
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we have $2.2 billion of fixed- and floating-rate senior notes that mature in 2023. we may repay these amounts when due with cash generated from operations or other borrowings, depending on various factors. we consider the overall fixed and floating interest rate mix of our portfolio and the related overall cost of borrowing when planning for future issuances and non-scheduled repayments of debt.
the variation in cash received from common stock issuances resulted from activity within the ups 401(k) savings plan and our employee stock purchase plan in both the current and comparative period.
other financing activities includes cash used to repurchase shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested employee stock awards. cash outflows for this purpose were $516 and $358 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase was driven by changes in required repurchase amounts.
except as disclosed in note 9 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, we do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
sources of credit see note 9 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our available credit and our debt covenants.
contractual commitments we have material cash requirements for known contractual obligations and commitments in the form of finance leases, operating leases, debt obligations, purchase commitments and certain other liabilities that are disclosed in the notes to the audited, consolidated financial statements and discussed below. we expect to fund these obligations and other discretionary payments, including expected returns to shareowners, primarily through cash from operations.
we anticipate making discretionary contributions to our company-sponsored u.s. defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans of approximately $1.2 billion in 2023, which are included within expected employer contributions to plan trusts shown in note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. there are currently no anticipated required minimum cash contributions to our qualified u.s. pension plans. the amount of any minimum funding requirement, as applicable, for these plans could change significantly in future periods depending on many factors, including plan asset returns, discount rates, other actuarial assumptions, changes to pension plan funding regulations and the discretionary contributions that we make. actual contributions made in future years could materially differ and consequently required minimum contributions beyond 2023 cannot be reasonably estimated. as a result of the amendments to the ups 401(k) savings plan discussed in note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, we expect contributions to this plan will increase by approximately $450 million beginning in 2024.
as discussed in note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, we are not currently subject to any surcharges or minimum contributions outside of our agreed-upon contractual rates with respect to the multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans in which we participate. contribution rates to these multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans are established through the collective bargaining process.
we have outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds that are discussed in note 9 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. additionally, we have $2.2 billion of fixed- and floating-rate senior notes that mature in 2023. we may repay these amounts when due with cash generated from operations or other borrowings, depending on various factors. estimated future interest payments on our outstanding debt total approximately $11.3 billion. this amount was calculated using the contractual interest payments due on our fixed- and variable-rate debt based on interest rates as of december 31, 2022, taking into account the effect of any interest rate swap agreements. for debt denominated in a foreign currency, the u.s. dollar equivalent principal amount of the debt at the end of the year was used as the basis to project future interest payments.
annual principal payments on our long-term debt, and purchase commitments for certain capital expenditures are also set out in note 9 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. included within these purchase commitments are firm commitments to purchase seven new and used boeing 767-300 aircraft to be delivered in 2023, 21 new boeing 767-300 aircraft to be delivered between 2024 and 2026, and two used boeing 747-8f aircraft to be delivered in 2024. additionally, we anticipate purchasing over 2,400 alternative fuel vehicles in 2023.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in addition to purchase commitments, we have other contractual agreements including equipment rentals, software licensing and commodity contracts.
our finance lease obligations, including purchase options that are reasonably certain to be exercised, relate primarily to leases on aircraft and real estate. these obligations, together with our obligations under operating leases are set out in note 11 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
under provisions of the tax cuts and jobs act, we elected to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries over eight years through 2025. additionally, we have uncertain tax positions that are further discussed in note 15 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
contingencies see note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of pension-related matters, note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of judicial proceedings and other matters arising from the conduct of our business activities and note 15 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of income-tax-related matters.
collective bargaining agreements status of collective bargaining agreements see note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status of collective bargaining agreements and "risk factors - business and operating risks - strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns by our employees could materially adversely affect us" in part i, item 1a of this report.
multiemployer benefit plans we contribute to a number of multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees. these agreements set forth the annual contribution rate increases for the plans that we participate in.
new accounting pronouncements recently adopted accounting standards see note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards.
accounting standards issued but not yet effective see note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of accounting standards issued, but not yet effective.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting estimates the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in our financial statements are affected by estimates and judgments that are necessary to comply with gaap. we base our estimates on prior experience, current trends, various other assumptions and third-party input that we consider reasonable to our circumstances. actual results could differ materially from our estimates, which would affect the related amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. while estimates and judgments are applied in arriving at many reported amounts, we believe that the following critical accounting estimates involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity.
contingencies from time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings and have exposure to various other contingent obligations. the events that may impact our contingent liabilities are often unique and generally are not predictable. at the time a contingency is identified, we consider all relevant facts as part of our evaluation. we apply judgment when establishing a range of reasonably possible losses for our contingencies. our judgment is influenced by our understanding of information currently available for legal actions and potential outcomes of these actions, including the advice from our internal counsel, external counsel and senior management.
we record a liability for a loss when the loss is probable of occurring and reasonably estimable. for such accruals, we record the amount we consider to be the best estimate within a range of potential losses; however, when there appears to be a range of equally possible losses, our accrual is based on the low end of this range. the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a reasonable estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available. additionally, events may arise that were not anticipated and, as a result, the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss that differs materially from our previously estimated liability. except as disclosed in note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, contingent losses that were probable and estimable were not material to our financial position or results of operations as of, or for the year ended, december 31, 2022. in addition, we have certain contingent liabilities that have not been recognized as of, or for the year ended, december 31, 2022, because a loss was not reasonably estimable. obligations relating to income taxes and self-insurance are discussed below.
goodwill and intangible asset impairments we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. we did not incur goodwill impairment charges in 2022 or 2021. during 2020, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $494 million in our former ups freight reporting unit.
the determination of reporting units requires judgment, and if we changed the definition of our reporting units, it is possible that we would have reached different conclusions when performing our impairment tests. goodwill impairment charges could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we initially evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, we quantitatively assess the fair value of a reporting unit to test goodwill for impairment. this assessment uses a combination of income and market approaches:
•the income approach uses a discounted cash flow ("dcf") model, which requires us to make a number of significant assumptions to produce an estimate of future cash flows. these assumptions include projections of future revenue, costs, capital expenditures, working capital and the cost of capital. we are also required to make assumptions relating to our overall business and operating strategy, and the regulatory and market environment. changes in any of these assumptions could significantly impact the fair value of any one of our reporting units. the projections that we use in our dcf model are updated annually, or more often if necessary, and will change over time based on the historical performance and changing business conditions for each of our reporting units.
•the market approach uses observable market data of comparable public companies to estimate fair value utilizing financial metrics (such as enterprise value to net sales). we apply judgment to select appropriate comparison companies based on the business operations, size and operating results of our reporting units. changes to our selection of comparable companies or market multiples may result in changes to the estimates of fair value of our reporting units.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as of our july 1st testing date, we concluded the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value; however, the excess of fair value over the carrying value for our roadie reporting unit was less than 10 percent. in addition to business performance, our valuation estimate is most sensitive to changes in the cost of capital. if the cost of capital used in our july 1st test increased by 150 basis points, it is reasonably possible that the reporting unit would be impaired. we believe the fair value of the roadie reporting unit continues to exceed its carrying value; however, if the cost of capital increases or the business does not meet forecasts, we may incur an impairment charge in the future. the goodwill associated with our roadie reporting unit as of december 31, 2022 was $241 million.
we evaluate the indefinite-lived trade name associated with our truckload brokerage business for impairment using the relief from royalty method. this valuation approach requires that we make a number of assumptions to estimate fair value, including projections of future revenues, market royalty rates, tax rates, discount rates and other relevant variables. the projections we use in the model are updated annually and will change over time based on historical performance and changing business conditions. if the carrying value of the trade name exceeded its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the excess amount.
in addition to business performance, our valuation estimate is most sensitive to changes in royalty rates and the cost of capital. the ratio of excess fair value to carrying value would decrease by approximately one percentage point if the royalty rate decreased by five basis points or the cost of capital increased by ten basis points. a ten percent decrease in the estimated fair value of our trade name would have had no effect on its carrying value as of our july 1st measurement date. however, if near-term economic conditions change our assumptions unfavorably, or result in the reporting unit being unable to meet forecasts, there could be a more significant decrease in the estimated fair value of the trade name, which may result in an impairment. the carrying value of the trade name as of december 31, 2022 was $200 million.
our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. impairment tests for these assets are only performed when a triggering event occurs that indicates that the carrying value of the intangible may not be recoverable based on its undiscounted future cash flows. if the carrying amount of the intangible is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. fair values are determined based on quoted market prices, discounted cash flows or external appraisals, as appropriate. if impairment indicators are present, the resulting impairment charges could have a material impact on our results of operations. see note 7 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for details of finite-lived intangible asset impairments.
self-insurance accruals we base self-insurance reserves on actuarial estimates, which are determined with the assistance of a third-party actuary through a complex process that includes the application of various actuarial methods and assumptions. the process incorporates actual loss experience and judgments about expected future development based on historical experience, recent and projected trends in claim frequency and severity, and changes in claims handling practices, among other factors.
workers' compensation, automobile liability and general liability insurance claims may take a number of years to resolve. consequently, actuarial estimates are required to project the ultimate cost that will be incurred to resolve a claim. several factors can affect the actual cost, or severity, of a claim, including:
•trends in healthcare costs;
•results of any related litigation; and
•changes in legislation.
furthermore, claims may emerge in a future year for events that occurred in a prior policy period at a rate that differs from actuarial projections. all these factors can result in revisions to actuarial projections and produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results.
due to the complexity and inherent uncertainty associated with the estimation of our workers' compensation, automobile and general liability claims, the third-party actuary develops a range of expected losses. we believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate; however, actual experience in claims frequency and/or severity of claims could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we also sponsor several health and welfare insurance plans for our employees. liabilities and expenses related to these plans are based on estimates of the number of employees and eligible dependents covered under the plans, global health events, anticipated utilization by participants and overall trends in medical costs and inflation. we believe our estimates are reasonable and appropriate. actual experience may differ materially from these estimates and, therefore, produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results.
(1) included within other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
our total reserves related to prior year claims decreased by $5 million in 2022 and increased by $34 million in 2021. a five percent deterioration or improvement in both the assumed claim severity and claim frequency rates used to estimate our self-insurance reserves would result in an increase or decrease of approximately $290 million, respectively, in our reserves and expenses as of, and for the year ended, december 31, 2022.
pension and other postretirement medical benefits our pension and postretirement medical benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. these assumptions include discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increases, expected returns on plan assets, mortality rates, regulatory requirements and other factors. the assumptions utilized in recording the obligations under our plans represent our best estimates. we believe that they are reasonable, based on information as to historical experience and performance as well as other factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends.
differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations and future expenses. the primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses each year are:
•changes in the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations as of the measurement date;
•differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets;
•changes in demographic assumptions, including mortality;
•changes in coordinating benefits with plans not sponsored by ups.
we recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plans' projected benefit obligations) immediately within income upon remeasurement of a plan. other components of pension expense (referred to as "ongoing net periodic benefit cost"), primarily service and interest costs and the expected return on plan assets, are reported on a quarterly basis.
the following sensitivity analysis shows the impact of a 25 basis point change in the assumed discount rate and return on assets for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, and the resulting increase (decrease) in our obligations and expense as of, and for the year ended, december 31, 2022 (in millions):
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pension plans                                                                                    25 basis point                25 basis point increase                      decrease discount rate:
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                        $(38)                           $39
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                (582)                           521
effect on projected benefit obligation                                                           (1,378)                         1,471
return on assets:
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost(1)                                                     (144)                           144
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor(2)             $(34)                           $34
postretirement medical benefit plans discount rate:
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                           $4                          $(3)
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                 (38)                            22
effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                                             (34)                            40
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                            -                             -
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                    3                          (12)
effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                                              $10                         $(11)
(1)amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the expected return on assets.
(2)amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the actual return on assets.
refer to note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for information on our potential liability for coordinating benefits related to the central states pension fund.
depreciation, residual value and impairment of property, plant and equipment as of december 31, 2022, we had $34.7 billion of net property, plant and equipment, the most significant category of which was aircraft. in accounting for property, plant and equipment, we make estimates of the expected useful lives and residual values. we evaluate the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based on our usage, maintenance and replacement policies, and taking into account physical and economic factors that may affect the useful lives of the assets. our accounting policy for property, plant and equipment is set out in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
we monitor our long-lived assets for indicators of impairment which may include, but are not limited to, a significant change in the extent to which an asset is utilized and operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset. if circumstances are present that indicate the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable, we then perform impairment testing at the asset group level.
asset groups represent the lowest level at which independent cash flows can be identified. determining the asset group requires judgment and changes in the way asset groups are defined could have material impact to the results of impairment testing. we perform recoverability testing by comparing the undiscounted cash flows of the asset group to the carrying value of the asset group. if the carrying amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or external appraisals, as appropriate. details of long-lived asset impairments are included in note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in estimating the useful lives and expected residual values of aircraft, we consider actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types and volume projections for our air products. adverse changes in volume forecasts, or a shortfall in our actual volume compared with our projections, could result in our current aircraft capacity exceeding current or projected demand. this situation could lead to an excess of aircraft, resulting in an impairment charge or reduction in expected useful life that may result in increased depreciation expense.
revisions to estimates of useful lives and residual values could also be caused by changes to our maintenance programs, governmental regulations, operational intentions, or market prices for new and used aircraft of the same or similar types. we periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions, and adjust them, as necessary, on a prospective basis through depreciation expense. in the fourth quarter of 2022, we reduced the estimated residual value of our md-11 aircraft and associated engines to zero based on updated operational plans for these aircraft and our expectations for their eventual disposal. in connection with this change in estimate, during the fourth quarter of 2022 we recorded a one-time depreciation charge to adjust the residual value of our fully-depreciated md-11 aircraft. refer to note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for information on the impact to our results of operations.
fair value measurements in the normal course of business, we hold and issue financial instruments that contain elements of market risk, including derivatives, marketable securities and debt. certain of these financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value, principally derivatives, marketable securities and certain other investments. these financial instruments are measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis based upon a fair value hierarchy (levels 1, 2 and 3). fair values are based on listed market prices (level 1), when such prices are available. to the extent that listed market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on other relevant factors, including dealer price quotations (level 2). if listed market prices or other relevant factors are not available, inputs are developed from unobservable data reflecting our own assumptions and include situations where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability (level 3). certain financial instruments, including over-the-counter derivative instruments, are valued using pricing models that consider, among other factors, contractual and market prices, correlations, time value, credit spreads and yield curve volatility factors. changes in the fixed income, foreign currency exchange and commodity markets will impact our estimates of fair value in the future, potentially affecting our results of operations. further information on our accounting polices relating to fair value measurements can be found in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2022, the majority of our financial instruments were categorized as either level 1 or level 2. refer to notes 3, 9 and 17 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further information on these instruments. a quantitative sensitivity analysis of our exposure to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates is presented in the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk section of this report.
our pension and postretirement plan assets include investments in hedge funds, as well as private debt, private equity and real estate funds, which are primarily measured using net asset value ("nav") as a practical expedient for fair value, as appropriate. these investments were valued at $9.6 billion as of december 31, 2022. in order to estimate nav, we evaluate audited and unaudited financial reports from fund managers and make adjustments for investment activity between the date of the financial reports and december 31st. these investments are not actively traded, and their values can only be estimated using these assumptions. if our estimates of activity changed, this could have a material impact on the reported value of these investments and on the return on assets that we report. refer to note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further information on our pension and postretirement plan assets.
certain non-financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. these assets are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of an impairment or when an asset or disposal group is classified as held for sale.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in accounting for business acquisitions, we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. estimating the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires judgment, especially with respect to identified intangible assets as there may be limited or no observable transactions within the market, requiring us to develop internal models to estimate fair value. for example, estimating the fair value of identified intangible assets may require us to develop valuation assumptions, including but not limited to, future expected cash flows from these assets, synergies and the cost of capital. certain inputs require us to determine assumptions that are reflective of a market participant view of fair value. changes in any of these assumptions may materially impact the amount we recognize for identifiable assets and liabilities, in addition to the residual amount allocated to goodwill.
income taxes we make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of income by legal entity and jurisdiction, tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax, interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
we assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. if recovery is not likely, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. we believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. however, should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would increase in the period in which we determined that the recovery was not likely.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. once it is determined that the position meets the recognition threshold, the second step requires us to estimate and measure the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. the difference between the amount of recognizable tax benefit and the total amount of tax benefit from positions filed or to be filed with the tax authorities is recorded as a liability for uncertain tax benefits. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we reevaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations