item 1a.       risk factors risks related to our business and operations we are dependent upon key customers.
we rely on several key customers who represent a significant portion of our business. while we believe our relationships with our customers are generally good, our top customers could choose to reduce or terminate their relationships with wabtec. in addition, many of our customers place orders for products on an as-needed basis and operate in cyclical industries. as a result, customer order levels have varied from period to period in the past and may vary significantly in the future. such customer orders are dependent upon their markets and customers and may be subject to delays and cancellations. furthermore, the average service life of certain products in our end markets has increased in recent years due to innovations in technologies and manufacturing processes, which has also allowed end users to replace parts less often. as a result of our dependence on our key customers, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition if we lost any one or more of our key customers or if there is a reduction in their demand for our products.
our business operates in a highly competitive industry.
we operate in a global, competitive marketplace and face substantial competition from a limited number of established competitors, some of which may have greater financial resources than we do, may have a more extensive low-cost sourcing strategy and presence in low-cost regions than we do, or may receive significant governmental support. price competition is strong and, coupled with the existence of a number of cost-conscious customers with significant negotiating power, has historically limited our ability to increase prices. in addition to price, competition is based on product performance and technological leadership, quality, reliability of delivery, and customer service and support. if our competitors invest heavily in innovation and develop products that are more efficient or effective than our products, we may not be able to compete effectively. there can be no assurance that competition in one or more of our markets will not adversely affect us and our results of operations.
a failure to predict and react to customer demand could adversely affect our business.
if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our existing products or to react appropriately to changes in demand, we may experience delayed product shipments and customer dissatisfaction. if demand increases significantly from current levels, both we and our suppliers may have difficulty meeting such demand, particularly if such demand increases occur rapidly. alternatively, we may carry excess inventory if demand for our products decreases below projected levels.
additionally, we have dedicated significant resources to the development, manufacturing and marketing of new products. decisions to develop and market new transportation products are typically made without firm indications of customer acceptance. moreover, by their nature, new products may require alteration of existing business methods or threaten to displace existing equipment in which our customers may have a substantial capital investment. there can be no assurance that any new products that we develop will gain widespread acceptance in the marketplace or that such products will be able to compete successfully with other new products or services that may be introduced by competitors. furthermore, we may incur additional warranty or other costs as new products are tested and used by customers.
failure to accurately predict and react to customer demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may fail to respond adequately or in a timely manner to innovative changes in new technology.
in recent years, the global transportation landscape has been characterized by rapid changes in technology, leading to innovative transportation and logistics concepts that could change the way the railway industry does business. there may be additional innovations impacting the railway industry that we cannot yet foresee. any failure by us to quickly adapt to and adopt new innovations in products and processes desired by our customers may result in a significant loss of demand for our product and service offerings. in addition, advances in technology may require us to increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the cost of these investments.
our revenues are subject to cyclical variations in the railway and passenger transit markets and changes in government spending.
the railway industry historically has been subject to significant fluctuations due to overall economic conditions, the use of alternate methods of transportation and the levels of government spending on railway projects. in economic downturns, railroads have deferred, and may defer, certain expenditures in order to conserve cash in the short term. for example, the economic slowdown that was caused by covid-19 impacted the timing of some orders, as customers deferred the delivery of some goods and services to future years. reductions in freight traffic may reduce demand for our replacement products.
the passenger transit railroad industry is also cyclical and is influenced by a variety of factors. new passenger transit car orders vary from year to year and are influenced by a variety of factors, including major replacement programs, the construction or expansion of transit systems by transit authorities and the quality and cost of alternative modes of transportation. to the extent that future funding for proposed public projects is curtailed or withdrawn altogether as a result of changes in political, economic, fiscal, or other conditions beyond our control, such projects may be delayed or canceled, resulting in a potential loss of business for us, including transit aftermarket and new transit car orders. there can be no assurance that economic conditions will be favorable or that there will not be significant fluctuations adversely affecting the industry as a whole and wabtec.
our backlog represents future production and estimated potential revenue attributable to firm contracts with, or written orders from, our customers for delivery in various periods.  instability in the global economy, negative conditions in the global credit markets, volatility in the industries that our products serve, changes in legislative policy, adverse changes in the financial condition of our customers, adverse changes in the availability of raw materials and supplies, or un-remedied contract breaches could possibly lead to contract termination or cancellations of orders in our backlog or request for deferred deliveries of our backlog orders, each of which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. for example, although the economic slowdown caused by covid-19 did not result in any material cancellations of the company's backlog, it did impact the timing of some orders in backlog as, in certain cases, the delivery of goods and services were pushed out from their original timelines.
equipment failures, interruptions, delays in deliveries or extensive damage to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems, could adversely affect our business.
all of our facilities, equipment, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events, such as cyber-attacks, disease outbreak, fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or weather conditions. an interruption in our manufacturing capabilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems, whether as a result of such catastrophic loss or any other reason, could reduce, prevent or delay our production and shipment of our product offerings, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses. this could result in the delay or termination of orders, the loss of future sales and a negative impact to our reputation with our customers.
third-party insurance coverage that we maintain with respect to such matters will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against losses. any of these risks coming to fruition could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our ability to make, move, and sell our products is critical to our success. damage or disruption to our supply chain, including third-party manufacturing or transportation and distribution capabilities, could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of disruptions, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location, could adversely affect our business or financial results. due to the ongoing impacts and uncertainty of continued impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and the global government actions to contain it, some of our supply chains, particularly in china, india, the u.s., and europe, have been, and continue to be, impacted. supply chain disruptions and labor availability have caused component and chip shortages resulting in an adverse effect on the timing of the company's revenue generation. additionally, broad-based inflation, escalation of metals and commodities costs, transportation and logistics costs and labor costs have all resulted from the covid-19 pandemic. there can be no assurance that there will not be further, or deeper, supply chain disruptions, or that the steps we are taking to mitigate such disruptions will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.
in addition, disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
we intend to pursue acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances that involve a number of inherent risks, any of which may cause us not to realize anticipated benefits.
one aspect of our business strategy is to selectively pursue acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances that we believe will improve our market position and provide opportunities to realize operating synergies. these transactions involve inherent risks and uncertainties, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition including:
•difficulties in achieving identified financial and operating synergies, including the integration of operations, services and products;
•diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
•the assumption of unknown liabilities; and
•unanticipated changes in the market conditions, business and economic factors affecting such an acquisition, joint venture or alliance.
we cannot assure that we will be able to consummate any future acquisitions, joint ventures or other business combinations. if we are unable to identify or consummate suitable acquisitions, joint ventures or alliances, we may be unable to fully implement our business strategy, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected as a result. in addition, our ability to engage in such strategic transactions will be dependent on our ability to raise substantial capital, and we may not be able to raise the funds necessary to implement this strategy on terms satisfactory to us, if at all.
the integration of our recently completed acquisitions may not result in anticipated improvements in market position or the realization of anticipated operating synergies or may take longer to realize than expected.
although we believe that our recent acquisitions will improve our market position and realize positive operating results, including operating synergies, operating expense reductions and overhead cost savings, we cannot be assured that these improvements will be obtained or the timing of such improvements. the management and acquisition of businesses involves substantial risks, any of which may result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, including:
•the uncertainty that an acquired business will achieve anticipated operating results;
•diversion of management's attention from business operations to integration matters;
•departure of key personnel from the acquired business;
•effectively managing entrepreneurial spirit and decision-making;
•integration of different information systems;
•unanticipated costs and exposure to unforeseen liabilities; and
•impairment of assets.
the effects of covid-19 and other potential future public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events on our business, operating results and cash flows are uncertain.
we face a wide variety of risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including the global outbreak of covid-19. since first reported in late 2019, the covid-19 pandemic has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases, business slowdowns or shutdowns, government challenges and market volatility of an unprecedented nature. although we have, to date, managed to continue our operations, we cannot predict the future course of events nor can we assure that this global pandemic, including its economic impact, will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on future pandemic related developments, including the duration of the pandemic, any potential subsequent waves of covid-19 and new strains of the virus, the effectiveness, distribution and acceptance of covid-19 vaccines, and related government actions to prevent and manage disease spread, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. our operations may be further impacted by the covid-19 pandemic if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, travel restrictions or absenteeism; steps the company has taken to protect health and well-being; government actions; facility closures; work slowdowns or stoppages; inadequate supplies or resources (such as reliable personal protective equipment, testing and vaccines); or other circumstances related to covid-19. governments around the world have taken steps to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects, but there can be no assurance that such steps will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in operational and supply chain disruptions for us and our customers and may further adversely affect operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers. accordingly, covid-19 had a materially adverse impact on our operations and business results for the years ended december 31, 2021, and 2020. supply chain disruptions and shortages in labor availability have caused component and chip shortages, which have resulted in adverse effects on the timing of our revenue generation. additionally, broad-based inflation, escalation of metals and commodities costs, transportation and logistics costs and labor costs have all resulted from the covid-19 pandemic and have adversely impacted our business. the spread of covid-19, and the emergence of new strains of the virus, have caused us to modify our business practices and to implement significant proactive measures to protect the health and safety of employees, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as we determine are appropriate under the circumstances. there is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the continued risks posed by the pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic and related volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could affect our business and operations in a variety of ways. for example, we have experienced and could experience further operational disruptions and financial losses as a result of the following:
•a decrease in demand for our products as a result of covid-19 and cost control measures implemented by our customers;
•delays in orders or delivery of orders, the occurrence of which negatively impacts our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash;
•inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity, including customer bankruptcies;
•a shutdown of one or multiple of our manufacturing facilities due to government restrictions or illness in connection with covid-19.
the continued spread of covid-19 has also led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which depending on future developments may make it more costly or difficult for us to obtain debt or equity financing, including to refinance our existing debt, or to identify or execute on investment opportunities, in each case on terms and within time periods acceptable to us. we are also monitoring the impacts of covid-19 on the fair value of our assets. while we do not currently anticipate any material impairments on our assets as a result of covid-19, future changes in expectations for sales, earnings and cash flows related to intangible assets and goodwill below our current projections could cause these assets to be impaired.
we continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, suppliers and local communities) in an effort to address responsibly this global pandemic. we continue to monitor the situation, to assess further possible implications to our employees, business, supply chain and customers, and to take certain actions in an effort to mitigate various adverse consequences. however, uncertainty around general global economic and market conditions, exacerbated by the covid-19 pandemic, will have an impact on our sales and operations in 2023 and beyond.
we expect that the longer the covid-19 pandemic, including its economic disruption, continues, the greater the adverse impact on our business operations, financial performance and results of operations could be. given the tremendous uncertainties and variables, we cannot at this time predict the impact of the global covid-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, but any one could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
risks related to international operations a significant portion of our sales may be derived from our international operations, which exposes us to certain risks inherent in doing business on an international level.
for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 55% of our consolidated net sales were to customers outside of the united states. we intend to continue to expand our international operations, including in emerging markets, in the future. our global headquarters for the transit group is located in france, and we conduct other international operations through a variety of wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures, including in australia, austria, brazil, canada, china, czech republic, france, germany, india, italy, kazakhstan/commonwealth of independent states ("cis"), macedonia, mexico, the netherlands, poland, spain, south africa, turkey, and the united kingdom. as a result, we are subject to various risks, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on those operations and on our business as a whole, including:
•lack of complete operating control;
•lack of local business experience;
•currency exchange fluctuations and devaluations;
•restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds or limitations on our ability to repatriate income or capital;
•the complexities of operating within multiple tax jurisdictions;
•foreign trade restrictions and exchange controls;
•adverse impacts of international trade policies, such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs;
•difficulty enforcing agreements and intellectual property rights;
•the challenges of complying with complex and changing laws, regulations, and policies of foreign governments;
•the potential for nationalization of enterprises;
•economic, political and social instability;
•potential reputational harm associated with doing business in certain countries;
•possible terrorist attacks, conflicts and wars, including those against american interests.
our exposure to the risks associated with international operations may intensify if our international operations expand in the future.
we may incur increased costs or margin degradation due to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.
in the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to increases in interest rates that may adversely affect funding costs associated with variable-rate debt and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs may be denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn and report revenues and vice versa. in addition, a decrease in the value of any of these currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could reduce our profits from non-u.s. operations and the translated value of the net assets of our non-u.s. operations when reported in u.s. dollars in our consolidated financial statements. we may seek to minimize these risks through the use of interest rate swap contracts and currency hedging agreements. there can be no assurance that any of these measures will be effective. material changes in interest or exchange rates could result in material losses to us.
we have substantial operations located in emerging markets, and are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties in such markets.
we have substantial operations located in emerging markets, such as brazil, india, and kazakhstan. operations in such emerging markets are inherently risky due to a number of regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties. these risks include economies that may be dependent on only a few products and are therefore subject to significant fluctuations, weak legal systems which may affect our ability to enforce contractual rights, possible exchange controls, unstable governments, nationalization or privatization actions or other government actions affecting the flow of goods and currency.
significant changes in economic and regulatory policy in emerging countries as well as social or political uncertainties could significantly harm business and economic conditions in these markets generally and could disproportionately impact the rail industry, which could adversely affect our business and prospects in these markets.
in addition, physical and financial infrastructure may be less developed in some emerging countries than that of many developed nations. any disruptions with respect to banking and financial infrastructure, communication systems or any public facility, including transportation infrastructure, could disrupt our normal business activity. such disruptions could interrupt our business operations and significantly harm our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
given the nature of our business and our global operations, political, economic, and other conditions in foreign countries and regions, including geopolitical risks such as those arising from the current conflict between russia and ukraine, has and may continue to adversely affect our business and results of operations. the broader consequences of this conflict, which may include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts; disruptions to transportation and distribution routes, or strategic decisions to alter certain routes; potential retaliatory action by the russian government against companies, including us, including nationalization of foreign businesses and/or assets in russia; increased tensions between the united states and countries in which we operate; and the extent of the conflict's effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted.
additionally, wabtec has operations and a strategic joint venture in kazakhstan that have continued operating but have incurred supply, distribution and currency impacts as an indirect result from the russian invasion of ukraine. to date, the operations in kazakhstan have not been significantly impacted by the ongoing conflict outside of the overall unfavorable impact to economic conditions; however, the future impact to these operations cannot be predicted.
to the extent the current conflict between russia and ukraine adversely affects our business, particularly in russia and kazakhstan, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in this annual report, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and business spending; disruptions to our global technology infrastructure, including through cyberattack, ransom attack, or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; our ability to maintain or increase our prices, our ability to implement and execute our business strategy, disruptions in global supply chains, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets, difficulty staffing and managing impacted operations, and the recoverability of assets in the region.
risks related to macro-economic conditions and policies prolonged unfavorable economic and market conditions could adversely affect our business.
unfavorable general economic and market conditions in the united states and internationally, particularly in our key end markets, could have a negative impact on our sales and operations. to the extent that these factors result in continued instability of capital markets, shortages of raw materials or component parts, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of customer orders or an inability to market our products effectively, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we may be exposed to raw material shortages, supply shortages, fluctuations in raw material, energy and commodity prices, and inflationary pressure.
we purchase energy, steel, aluminum, copper, rubber and rubber-based materials, chemicals, polymers and other key manufacturing inputs from outside sources, and traditionally have not had long-term pricing contracts with our pure raw material suppliers. the costs of these raw materials have been volatile historically and are influenced by factors that are outside our control, including inflationary pressure. if we are unable to pass increases in the costs of our raw materials on to our customers, experience a lag in our ability to pass increases to our customers, or operational efficiencies are not achieved, our operating margins and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
our businesses compete globally for key production inputs. in addition, we rely upon third-party suppliers, including certain single-sourced suppliers, for various components for our products. in the event of a shortage or discontinuation of certain raw materials or key inputs, we may experience challenges sourcing certain of our components to meet our production requirements and may not be able to arrange for alternative sources of certain raw materials or key inputs. any such shortage may materially adversely affect our competitive position versus companies that are able to better or more cheaply source such raw materials or key inputs.
changes to international trade policies, including tariffs and foreign trade restrictions, could adversely affect our business.
as a global transportation company, we generate export sales from our u.s. operations and also derive international sales through our foreign subsidiaries, licensees and joint ventures. we also do business with industry suppliers located in various international markets. a protectionist trade environment in either the united states or those foreign countries in which we do business, such as a change in the current tariff structures, export compliance or other trade policies, may adversely affect our business. in particular, such policies may impact or delay our customers' investments in our products, reduce the competitiveness of our products in certain markets, and inhibit our ability to cost-effectively purchase necessary inputs from certain suppliers. in addition, to the extent developments in international trade relations result in reduced global trade or slower growth in global trade, it is likely that this would result in reductions in investment in freight and transit rail.
international trade policies are affected by a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. although we actively monitor developments in international trade and proactively engage in efforts to mitigate the effect of trade policies, there can be no guarantee that these efforts will be successful.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, in various jurisdictions.
we are subject to various laws, rules and regulations administered by authorities in jurisdictions in which we do business, such as the anti-corruption laws of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the french law n° 2016-1691 (sapin ii) and the u.k. bribery act, relating to our business and our employees. we are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the u.s. department of commerce's bureau of industry and security, the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control, and various non-u.s. government entities, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions on countries and persons, customs requirements, currency exchange regulations, and transfer pricing regulations. despite our policies, procedures and compliance programs, our internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect us from prohibited acts willfully committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate such applicable laws and regulations. any such improper acts could damage our reputation, subject us to civil or criminal judgments, fines or penalties, and could otherwise disrupt our business, and as a result, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, our manufacturing operations and products are subject to safety, operations, maintenance and mechanical standards, rules and regulations enforced by various federal and state agencies and industry organizations both domestically and internationally. our business may be adversely impacted by new rules and regulations or changes to existing rules or regulations, which could require additional maintenance or substantial modification or refurbishment of certain of our products or could make such products obsolete or require them to be phased out prior to their useful lives. we are unable to predict what impact these or other regulatory changes may have, if any, on our business or the industry as a whole. we cannot assure that costs incurred to comply with any new standards or regulations will not be material to our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to a variety of increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations governing air emissions, discharges into water, chemical substances in products, the use, handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous substances or waste materials, as well as the remediation of contamination associated with releases of hazardous substances. we have incurred, and will continue to incur, both operating and capital costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including costs associated with the clean-up and investigation of some of our current and former properties and offsite disposal locations. we believe our operations currently comply in all material respects with all of the various environmental laws and regulations applicable to our business; however, there can be no assurance that environmental requirements will not change in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to comply with such requirements. failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could have significant consequences on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of substantial fines and sanctions for violations, injunctive relief (including requirements that we limit or cease operations at affected facilities), and reputational risk.
in addition, certain of our products are subject to extensive, and increasingly stringent, statutory and regulatory requirements governing, e.g., emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the u.s. environmental protection agency, the european union and other regulatory agencies around the world. we have made, and will continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures relating to compliance with these standards. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of these standards-particularly in emerging markets-are unpredictable and subject to change.
future climate change regulation could result in increased operating costs, affect the demand for our products or affect the ability of our critical suppliers to meet our needs.
management believes it is reasonably likely that the scientific and political attention to issues concerning the existence and extent of climate change, and the role of human activity in it, will continue, with the potential for further regulation that affects the company's operations and products. the potential challenges posed by evolving climate change policy and prospective legislation are heavily dependent on the nature and degree of such legislation and the extent to which it applies to our industry. although uncertain, these developments could increase costs or reduce the demand for the products the company sells. the company's manufacturing and service operations typically result in emissions of greenhouse gases. likewise, emissions arise from midstream and downstream operations, including operations of our locomotives and other products. finally, although beyond the control of the company, the use of fuels and related products by operators also results in greenhouse gas emissions that may be regulated. international agreements, domestic legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions are currently in various phases of discussion or implementation. while we are carefully monitoring developments, at this time, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of climate change and climate change legislation on our operations. any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse gas could require us to incur increased operating costs and could have an adverse effect on demand for our products. in addition, the price and availability of certain of the raw materials that we use could vary in the future as a result of environmental laws and regulations affecting our suppliers. an increase in the price of our raw materials or a decline in their availability could adversely affect our operating margins or result in reduced demand for our products.
the occurrence of litigation in which we are, or could be, named as a defendant is unpredictable.
from time to time, we are subject, directly or through our subsidiaries, to litigation or other commercial disputes and other legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to our business, customers, suppliers, creditors, stockholders, product liability (including, asbestos claims), intellectual property infringement, competition and antitrust claims, warranty claims or environmental-related matters.
due to the inherent uncertainties of any litigation, commercial disputes or other legal or regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict their ultimate outcome, including the outcome of any related appeals. we may incur significant expense to defend or otherwise address current or future claims. although we maintain insurance policies for certain risks, we cannot make assurances that this insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material judgments and expenses related to potential future claims or that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices or at all. in addition, although in some cases we may be indemnified by non-affiliated entities that retain liabilities in connection with specific matters, there can be no assurance that these indemnitors will remain financially viable and capable of satisfying their obligations.
any litigation, even a claim without merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our manufacturer's warranties or product liability may expose us to potentially significant claims.
we warrant the workmanship and materials of many of our products. accordingly, we are subject to a risk of product liability or warranty claims in the event that the failure of any of our products results in personal injury or death or does not conform to our customers' specifications. in addition, in recent years, we have introduced a number of new products for which we do not have a history of warranty experience. although we currently maintain liability insurance coverage, we cannot assure that product liability claims, if made, would not exceed our insurance coverage limits or that insurance will continue to be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. the possibility exists for these types of warranty claims to result in costly product recalls, significant repair costs and damage to our reputation.
expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on our business.
many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate action and greenhouse gas emissions, supply chain due diligence, human capital management, and diversity, equity and inclusion. we make statements about our esg goals and initiatives through information provided in reports that we file or furnish with the securities and exchange commission, on our website, in press statements, and in other communications, including through our sustainability reports. our response to these esg considerations and the implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, including those described under "forward-looking statements," and such response may be impacted by factors that are outside our control. in addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. stakeholders also may have different views on the relative prioritization of the company's esg focus, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state or international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price.
risks related to data security and intellectual property if we are not able to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, we may be adversely affected.
our success can be impacted by our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. we rely primarily on patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and unfair competition laws, as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. however, filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our products in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. moreover, existing u.s. legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights offer only limited protection, may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. the laws of countries other than the united states may be even less protective of intellectual property rights. as a result, a significant portion of our technology is not patented, and we may be unable or may not seek to obtain patent protection for this technology. further, although we routinely conduct anti-counterfeiting activities in multiple jurisdictions, we have encountered counterfeit reproductions of our products or products that otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. counterfeit components of low quality may negatively impact our brand value. accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, counterfeiting or misappropriating our intellectual property or otherwise gaining access to our technology. if we fail to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
in addition, we operate in industries in which there are many third-party owners of intellectual property rights. owners of intellectual property that we need to conduct our business as it evolves may be unwilling to license such intellectual property rights to us on terms we consider reasonable. third party intellectual property owners may assert infringement claims against us based on their intellectual property portfolios. if we are sued for intellectual property infringement, we may incur significant expenses investigating and defending such claims, even if we prevail.
we face cyber-security and data protection risks relating to cyber-attacks and information technology failures that could cause loss of confidential information and other business disruptions.
we rely extensively on the security, stability, and availability of technology systems in our business. we also collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential customer information, including proprietary business information, personal data and other information that may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed data protection controls. our business may be adversely impacted by unintentional technology disruptions, including those resulting from programming errors, employee operational errors, software defects, and product vulnerabilities.
we also provide technological products integral to train operation. accordingly, our business may be adversely impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology infrastructure, which could result from cybersecurity incidents, including, but not limited to, unauthorized access to the company's information technology systems, data access or acquisition, and/or encryption of the company's environment. for instance, during 2021, one of our vendors publicly disclosed vulnerabilities in its operating system that we use for certain wabtec products. additionally, during 2022, the company detected a cyber-security incident which impacted the company's network. the company promptly activated incident response protocols and completed a thorough investigation. the incident did not have a material impact on our business, operations or financial results. a successful exploitation of our own or our vendors' information technology infrastructure could result in service interruptions, safety hazards, misappropriation of confidential information, process failures, security breaches or other operational difficulties. such an event could result in decreased revenues and increased capital, insurance or operating costs, including the increased costs of security to protect the company's infrastructure, among other results. insurance maintained by the company to protect against loss of business and other related consequences resulting from cyber incidents may not be sufficient to cover all damages. a disruption or compromise of the company's technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect.
risks related to human capital labor shortages and labor disputes may have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
we depend on skilled labor in our manufacturing and other businesses. due to the competitive nature of the labor markets in which we operate, we may not be able to retain, recruit and train the personnel we require, particularly when the economy expands, production rates are high or competition for such skilled labor increases.
we collectively bargain with labor unions at some of our operations throughout the world. failure to reach an agreement could result in strikes or other labor protests which could disrupt our operations. furthermore, non-union employees in certain countries have the right to strike. if we were to experience a strike or work stoppage, it would be difficult for us to find a sufficient number of employees with the necessary skills to replace these employees. we cannot assure that we will reach any such agreement or that we will not encounter strikes or other types of conflicts with the labor unions of our personnel.
any such labor shortages or labor disputes could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, could cause us to lose revenues and customers and might have permanent effects on our business.
we rely on our management team and other key personnel.
we depend on the skills, working relationships, and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team, and other key employees. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. if we lose key personnel, because they terminate their employment or retire, or as a result of illness, disability or death, or if an insufficient number of employees is retained to maintain effective operations, our business activities may be adversely affected and our management team's attention may be diverted. in addition, we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key personnel that we lose, or we may not be able to hire potential replacements on reasonable terms, all of which could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.
risks related to our indebtedness our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health.
at december 31, 2022, we had total debt of $4.0 billion, primarily related to senior notes. being indebted could have important consequences to us. for example, our indebtedness could:
•increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate;
•place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and
•limit our ability to borrow additional funds.
moreover, our restated credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes permit us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may further contribute to, or exacerbate the impact of, the foregoing impacts.
the indentures for our outstanding senior notes and our restated credit agreement contain various covenants that limit our management's discretion in the operation of our businesses.
our restated credit agreement subjects us to customary (i) affirmative covenants, including requirements with respect to certain reporting obligations on us and our subsidiaries, and (ii) negative covenants, including limitations on: indebtedness; liens; restricted payments; fundamental changes (including certain changes in control); business activities; transactions with affiliates; restrictive agreements; changes in fiscal year; and use of proceeds. in addition, we are required to maintain (i) a ratio of ebitda to interest expense of at least 3.00 to 1.00 over each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on the last day of a fiscal quarter and (ii) a leverage ratio, calculated as of the last day of a fiscal quarter for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, of 3.5 or less. all terms are as defined in the restated credit agreement.
the indentures under which our senior notes were issued contain covenants and restrictions which limit, subject to certain exceptions, certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to principal properties, the incurrence of secured debt without equally and ratably securing the senior notes and certain merger and consolidation transactions. in addition, the indentures require that we offer to repurchase our outstanding senior notes upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview wabtec is one of the world's largest providers of value-added, technology-based locomotives, equipment, systems and services for the global freight rail and passenger transit industries, and also serves customers in the mining, marine, and industrial markets. our highly engineered products, which are intended to enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, can be found on most locomotives, freight cars, passenger transit cars and buses around the world. our core products and services are essential in the safe and efficient operation of freight rail and passenger transit vehicles. wabtec is a global company with operations in over 50 countries and our products can be found in more than 100 countries throughout the world. in 2022, approximately 55% of the company's net sales came from customers outside the u.s.
wabtec's long-term financial goals are to drive strong cash flow conversion, maintain a strong credit profile while minimizing our overall cost of capital, increase margins through strict attention to cost controls, drive improved efficiencies across the business, and increase revenues through a focused growth strategy, including product innovation and new technologies, global and market expansion, aftermarket products and services, and strategic acquisitions. in addition, management evaluates the company's current operational performance through measures such as safety, quality and on-time delivery.
the company primarily serves the worldwide freight and transit rail industries. our operating results are largely dependent on the level of activity, financial condition and capital spending plans of railroads and passenger transit agencies around the world, and transportation equipment manufacturers who serve those markets. many factors influence these industries, including general economic conditions; traffic volumes, as measured by freight carloads and passenger ridership; number of locomotives and railcars in operation; government spending on public transportation; and investment in new technologies. in general, trends such as urbanization and growth in developing markets, sustainability and environmental awareness, investment in technology solutions, an aging equipment fleet, and growth in global trade are expected to drive continued investment in freight rail and passenger transit.
the company monitors a variety of factors and statistics to gauge market activity. freight rail markets around the world are driven primarily by overall economic conditions and activity, while transit markets are driven primarily by government funding and passenger ridership. changes in these market drivers can cause fluctuations in demand for wabtec's products and services.
business update during 2022, wabtec achieved a multitude of accomplishments while successfully navigating volatile market conditions. through leveraging our installed customer base and our innovative scalable technologies, wabtec was able to secure several key contracts globally that position the company for long-term revenue generation. these contracts include the largest locomotive modernization deal in rail industry history, orders for our flxdrive battery-electric powered locomotives, international locomotive orders, as well as a north american locomotive order with a class i railroad. wabtec executed on calculated market expansions through several strategic acquisitions that will allow us to leverage current and future product and service offerings for greater market share. wabtec continued significant progress on our sustainability initiatives as exhibited in our completed green bond allocation and with our battery electric locomotive being recognized for sustainable innovation by the business intelligence group and awarded "commercial technology of the year" at the platts global energy awards. management also launched integration 2.0 to further poise the company for operational efficiencies into the future.
during the first quarter of 2022, wabtec announced integration 2.0, a three-year strategic initiative to target incremental run rate synergies estimated to be between $75 million and $90 million by 2025. the scope of the review includes consolidating our operating footprint, reducing headcount, streamlining the end-to-end manufacturing process, restructuring the north america distribution channels, expanding operations in low-cost countries and simplifying the business through systems enablement, including the source-to-pay process. management will also consider additional capital investments to further simplify and streamline the business. the company anticipates that it will incur one-time charges of approximately $135 million to $165 million related to this initiative. the estimate could change based on the specific programs approved or changes to the scope of the review. during 2022, the company incurred one-time charges related to the initiative of approximately $46 million, primarily for employee-related costs associated with site consolidations in europe and costs related to the restructuring of the north america distribution channels. see note 21 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
the unfavorable global economic conditions driven by the impacts of the pandemic and supply chain disruptions, and further intensified by the russian invasion of ukraine, continue to have an adverse impact on our operations and business results. impacts for the years ended december 31, 2022, and 2021 are discussed in more detail in the results of operations section below. supply chain disruptions and labor availability have caused component, raw material and chip shortages resulting in an adverse effect on the timing of the company's revenue generation. additionally, broad-based inflation, escalation of diesel, metals, energy and other commodity costs, transportation and logistics costs, labor costs, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations all continue to impact our results.
the russian invasion of ukraine and the resultant sanctions related to russia and belarus have further impacted our supply and distribution channels and caused significant price inflation which had, and are expected to continue to have, adverse effects on wabtec's business results. for the year ended december 31, 2021, prior to the russian invasion of ukraine and the resulting imposition of various sanctions against russia and belarus, wabtec had earnings of approximately $40 million attributable to customers in russia, while earnings from customers in ukraine and belarus were not significant. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, wabtec had approximately $14 million and $20 million of assets, respectively, related to russian operations, which were primarily cash and inventory. management has determined, based on information currently available, that these assets are expected to be recoverable and therefore no impairment was recorded during 2022. this will continue to be monitored and may result in a future impairment charge based on changes in the situation. management determined that inventory related to operations in ukraine were not expected to be recoverable and were written off resulting in an insignificant charge during the first quarter of 2022. remaining assets related to ukraine and those in belarus were not significant.
the company has implemented various mitigating actions intended to lessen the impact of these unfavorable economic conditions. these actions include implementing price escalations and surcharges, driving operational efficiencies through various cost mitigation efforts and discretionary spend management, strategically sourcing materials, reviewing and modifying distribution logistics, and accelerating integration synergies where possible, including integration 2.0. additionally, the company has proactively built-up inventory ahead of expected growth and in response to supply chain challenges to minimize further interruption on customer orders. the company expects to continue to incur increased costs in future quarters. we also face the possibility that additional actions may be taken by governmental authorities and private industry, or government policies may become more restrictive in response to the pandemic, especially if covid-19 transmission rates increase in certain areas, which could result in curtailing operations of our plants. uncertainty around the economic conditions driven by the pandemic and the russian invasion of ukraine could result in significant adverse impacts to the company. changes in trade regulations, retaliatory measures, advancements, or changes in the conflict in ukraine could cause significant adverse impacts to our customers, suppliers, distribution channels and operating locations, and in turn could result in material adverse impacts to the business, including impairment charges from changes in estimates.
management will continue to monitor the evolving situations but, as a result of the numerous uncertainties surrounding the pandemic, continued supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, inflation, and the russian invasion of ukraine, we are unable to specifically predict the extent and length of time that our business may be negatively impacted. uncertainty around general global economic and market conditions, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, could have an impact on our sales and operations in 2023 and beyond. to the extent that these factors cause further instability of capital markets, supply chain disruptions including shortages of raw materials or component parts, labor availability, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of customer orders, or an inability to market or distribute our products effectively, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
cyber incident as previously announced, on june 26, 2022, we detected a cyber security incident which impacted the company's network. the company promptly activated incident response protocols, which included shutting down certain systems, and commenced an investigation of the incident. the company also notified law enforcement and engaged legal counsel and other third-party incident response and cybersecurity professionals.
based on the company's assessment, the incident has not had a material financial impact and the company does not believe the incident will have a material impact on its business, operations or financial results. the company maintains cyber insurance, subject to certain deductibles and policy limitations typical for its size and industry.
acquisitions during 2022, the freight segment made three strategic acquisitions for a combined purchase price of $89 million. two of the acquisitions are reported in the digital electronics product line and one is reported in the services product line. each of the acquisitions in 2022 are individually and collectively immaterial. on march 31, 2021, the services product line of the freight segment acquired nordco, a leading north american supplier of new, rebuilt and used maintenance of way equipment. the company also made acquisitions in prior periods not listed above which are individually and collectively immaterial. for additional information related to these acquisitions refer to note 3 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated.
for the year ended december 31, in millions                                                                        2022                                2021
gross profit                                                                2,540                               2,369
income before income taxes                                                    854                                 737
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                      (8)                                 (7)
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales in 2022 from 2021:
in millions                            freight segment                  transit segment                    total
acquisitions                                83                                4                           87
foreign exchange                          (62)                            (242)                        (304)
the following discussion compares our results for the year ended december 31, 2022 to the year ended december 31, 2021. the discussion comparing our results for the year ended december 31, 2021 to the year ended december 31, 2020 is included within management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, filed with the sec on february 17, 2022.
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased by $540 million, or 6.9%, to $8.36 billion compared to the same period in 2021. organic sales increased $757 million which is primarily attributable to the freight segment driven by an increase in services sales from higher locomotive modernizations and a larger active locomotive fleet, and an increase in equipment sales due to higher international locomotive sales and higher mining equipment sales. in addition, components sales increased due to a higher railcar build, increased railcars in operation, and growth in industrial end-markets and digital electronics sales increased due to higher demand for on-board locomotive products and technology upgrades. sales from acquisitions contributed $87 million, primarily in the freight segment and unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates decreased sales by $304 million, primarily in the transit segment.
cost of sales cost of sales for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased by $369 million, or 6.8%, to $5.82 billion compared to the same period in 2021. the increase is primarily due to the increase in sales and increased materials, labor and transportation costs. cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 69.6% and 69.7% for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the decrease as a percentage of sales is primarily due to improved productivity and lower restructuring costs, partially offset by unfavorable product mix and the increase in the costs described above. cost of sales for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 included $43 million and $53 million, respectively, of restructuring costs primarily for footprint rationalization and headcount actions, with the amount in 2022 primarily related to integration 2.0.
operating expenses total operating expenses increased $36 million, or 2.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. operating expenses as a percentage of sales was 18.3% and 19.1% for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") decreased $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. the decrease is primarily due to a decrease in restructuring costs, the effects of foreign exchange rates and lower employee compensation and benefit costs, partially offset by costs incurred to support the higher sales volume and incremental expense from acquisitions. restructuring costs included in sg&a were $9 million and $25 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization programs, with the amount in 2022 primarily related to integration 2.0. engineering expense increased $33 million primarily due to investments in new technology and incremental costs from acquisitions. amortization expense increased $4 million, due to acquisitions.
interest expense, net interest expense, net, increased $9 million to $186 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 over the same period in 2021 primarily attributable to higher average interest rates.
other income, net other income, net, decreased $9 million to $29 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. the decrease is primarily attributable to lower foreign exchange gains and lower equity income in the current year compared to the prior year.
income taxes the effective income tax rate was 25.0% and 23.2% for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a 1.8 percentage point increase. the rate for the year ended december 31, 2021 was favorably impacted by filing amended federal and state income tax returns for a prior year to incorporate changes in tax regulations. the absence of this benefit in the current year was partially offset by a more favorable earnings mix across jurisdictions. see note 11 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
freight segment the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for our freight segment:
for the year ended december 31, in millions                                                         2022                                2021
gross profit                                                 1,896                               1,667
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales for the freight segment in 2022 from 2021:
acquisitions                                              83
foreign exchange                                        (62)
changes in sales by product line:
digital electronics                                       58
net sales freight segment sales increased by $773 million, or 14.8%, to $6.01 billion, compared to the same period in 2021 which was primarily attributable to an increase in services sales from higher locomotive modernizations and a larger active locomotive fleet, and an increase in equipment sales due to higher international locomotive sales and higher mining equipment sales. in addition, components sales increased due to a higher railcar build, increased railcars in operation, and growth in industrial end-markets and digital electronics sales increased due to higher demand for on-board locomotive products and technology upgrades. sales from acquisitions contributed $83 million and the effects of unfavorable foreign exchange rates decreased sales by $62 million.
cost of sales freight segment cost of sales increased by $544 million, or 15.2%, to $4.12 billion, compared to the same period in 2021. the increase is primarily due to the increase in sales and increased materials, transportation and labor costs. cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 68.5% and 68.2% for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a 0.3 percentage point increase primarily from the higher costs described above, higher restructuring costs and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by improved productivity. cost of sales for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 includes $15 million and $8 million, respectively, of restructuring costs, primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization, with the amount in 2022 primarily related to integration 2.0.
operating expenses freight segment operating expenses increased $82 million, or 8.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. sg&a increased $41 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. the increase is primarily due to higher costs to support the increase in sales volumes, incremental expense from acquisitions and higher technology costs. engineering expense increased $36 million primarily due to investments in new technology and incremental expense from acquisitions. amortization expense increased $5 million due to acquisitions.
transit segment the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for our transit segment:
for the year ended december 31, in millions                                                         2022                                2021
gross profit                                                   644                                 702
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales for the transit segment in 2022 from 2021:
foreign exchange                                       (242)
acquisitions                                                  4
changes in sales by product line:
original equipment manufacturing                         (3)
aftermarket                                                8
net sales transit segment sales for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased by $233 million, or 9.0%, to $2.35 billion compared to the same period in 2021, with foreign exchange rates being the primary driver of the decrease. transit segment organic sales increased $5 million with the primary driver being increased demand and an increase in government transportation spending, particularly for aftermarket products. additionally, both original equipment manufacturing and aftermarket sales were impacted by supply chain issues and manufacturing disruptions caused by the second quarter cyber incident.
cost of sales transit segment cost of sales for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased by $175 million, or 9.3%, to $1.71 billion compared to the same period in 2021. the decrease is primarily due to the decreased sales discussed above, decreased restructuring costs and the effect of foreign exchange rates. cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 72.6% and 72.8% for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a 0.2 percentage point decrease. this can be attributed to improved productivity and savings from prior year cost actions taken through restructuring programs, partially offset by increased materials, transportation and labor costs and inefficiencies associated with the cyber incident. cost of sales for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 included $28 million and $45 million of restructuring costs, respectively, primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization in europe, with the amount in 2022 primarily related to integration 2.0.
operating expenses transit segment operating expenses decreased $51 million, or 11.0%, in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 driven primarily by a decrease in sg&a of $47 million. the decrease is due to the decrease in sales, the effects of foreign exchange rates, lower employee compensation and benefit costs, the cost actions taken in the prior year and decreased restructuring costs. restructuring costs included within sg&a were $9 million and $14 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were primarily for headcount actions for footprint rationalization in europe, with the amount in 2022 primarily related to integration 2.0. engineering expense decreased $3 million and amortization expense decreased $1 million both due to the effects of foreign exchange rates.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is provided by operating cash flows and borrowings under the company's senior notes and unsecured credit facility with a consortium of commercial banks. additionally, the company utilizes the revolving receivables program and supply chain financing program described below for added flexibility as part of our liquidity management strategy. the following is a summary of selected cash flow information and other relevant data:
for the year ended december 31, in millions                         2022                      2021
cash provided by (used for):
operating activities                         $1,038                          $1,073
investing activities                         $(235)                          $(540)
financing activities                         $(708)                          $(653)
operating activities. cash provided by operations decreased $35 million in 2022 to $1,038 million compared with $1,073 million in 2021. significant changes to the sources and (uses) of cash for the twelve month periods include the following:
•$11 million attributable to higher net income and other changes in the related statements of income amounts;
•$(106) million from net changes in working capital driven by: $(327) million unfavorable change in inventory from proactive inventory build-ups ahead of expected growth, in response to supply chain challenges, and in preparation for certain large contracts secured during 2022, as well as higher costs of inventory due to inflation; $197 million in accounts payable, primarily due to the timing of payments to suppliers; and, $24 million from changes in receivables due to timing and volume of sales and the net change in the revolving receivables program;
•$143 million from changes in the timing of customer deposits; and,
•$(100) million from higher employee related benefits and the timing of payments related to severance accruals.
investing activities. in 2022 and 2021, cash used for investing activities was $(235) million and $(540) million, respectively. the major components of the cash outflow in 2022 was planned additions to property, plant, and equipment of $(149) million for continued investments in our facilities and manufacturing processes, and $(89) million in net cash paid for acquisitions. the major components of the cash outflow in 2021 were $(435) million in net cash paid for acquisitions, primarily for nordco, and $(130) million for additions to property, plant, and equipment.
financing activities. in 2022, cash used for financing activities was $(708) million, which included $(473) million for share repurchases, $(111) million of dividend payments, $(101) million of contingent consideration payments related to the ge transportation acquisition, and net debt payments of $(30) million, which includes the partial redemption of the 2024 notes mentioned below. in 2021, cash used for financing activities was $(653) million which included, $(300) million for share repurchases, net debt payments of $(161) million, primarily resulting from the repayment of the 364 day facility and issuance of the euro notes mentioned below, $(99) million of contingent consideration payments related to the ge transportation acquisition and $(92) million of dividend payments.
on august 15, 2022, the company amended, restated and replaced the then-existing credit agreement. the restated credit agreement updated the multi-currency revolving credit facility from $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion and added a new delayed draw term loan of up to $250 million. the company borrows and repays against the revolving credit facility for added flexibility in liquidity to manage cash during the operating cycle. the proceeds from borrowing and the repayments are shown within the "proceeds from debt, net of issuance costs" and "payments of debt" lines, respectively, presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
on june 3, 2021, wabtec transportation netherlands b.v. ("wabtec netherlands") issued €500 million of 1.25% senior notes due in 2027, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the company, for approximately $599 million in proceeds after consideration of the discount. also on june 3, 2021, the company repaid all outstanding borrowings and interest related to the 364 day facility, effectively retiring the facility. additional information with respect to credit facilities and long-term debt is included in note 9 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
as of december 31, 2022, the company held approximately $541 million of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. of this amount, approximately $88 million was held within the united states and approximately $453 million was held outside of the united states, primarily in india, china, europe, and brazil. while repatriation of some cash held outside the united states may be restricted by local laws, most of the company's foreign cash could be repatriated to the united states net of any tax impacts. as of december 31, 2022, $7 million of the company's $541 million cash balance was classified as restricted cash.
revolving receivables program the company utilizes a revolving receivables facility to sell up to $350 million of certain receivables through our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary to a financial institution on a recurring basis in exchange for cash equal to the gross receivables sold. as customers pay their balances, we transfer additional receivables into the program, which could result in our gross receivables sold being higher or lower than collections reinvested for any applicable periods. net cash received/(remitted) from the revolving receivables program was $60 million and $(53) million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. additional information with respect to the revolving receivables program is included in note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report and incorporated by reference herein.
supply chain financing program the company has entered into supply chain financing arrangements with third-party financial institutions to provide our vendors with enhanced payment options while providing the company with added working capital flexibility. the company does not provide any guarantees under these arrangements, does not have an economic interest in our supplier's voluntary participation and does not receive an economic benefit from the financial institutions. the arrangements do not change the payable terms negotiated by the company and our vendors and does not result in a change in the classification of amounts due as accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheets.
guarantor summarized financial information-us notes the obligations under the company's us notes have been fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the parent company's u.s. subsidiaries. each guarantor is 100% owned by the parent company, with the exception of ge transportation, a wabtec company, which has 15,000 shares outstanding of class a non-voting preferred stock held by general electric company. the euro notes are issued by wabtec netherlands and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the company.
on january 1, 2022, the company completed an internal legal entity reorganization that resulted in changes to the subsidiaries and operating divisions serving as guarantors under the company's us notes. as such, certain prior year amounts have been reclassified, where necessary, to conform to the current year presentation in line with the legal reorganization. refer to exhibit 22 for the updated list of guarantor subsidiaries.
the following tables present summarized financial information of the parent and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis. the combined summarized financial information eliminates intercompany balances and transactions among the parent and guarantor subsidiaries and equity in earnings and investments in any guarantor subsidiaries or non-guarantor subsidiaries. the summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries.
summarized statement of income unaudited westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                                    year ended december 31, 2022
gross profit                                                   1,111
summarized balance sheets unaudited westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                   december 31, 2022                                           december 31, 2021
current assets                                 $1,328                                                      $1,057
noncurrent assets                              $2,384                                                      $2,344
current liabilities                            $1,881                                                      $1,414
other non-current liabilities                    $551                                                        $592
the following is a description of the transactions between the combined westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and guarantor subsidiaries with non-guarantor subsidiaries.
unaudited westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                           year ended december 31, 2022
unaudited westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                           december 31, 2022
summarized financial information-euro notes the obligations under wabtec netherlands' euro notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the company. wabtec netherlands is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of the parent company. wabtec netherlands is a holding company and does not have any independent operations. its assets consist of its investments in subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities that are not guarantors of the euro notes and have no obligations to pay amounts due under wabtec netherlands' obligations.
on january 1, 2022, the company completed an internal legal entity reorganization that resulted in changes to the operating divisions serving as the parent guarantor under the company's euro notes. as such, certain prior year amounts have been reclassified, where necessary, to conform to the current year presentation in line with the legal reorganization.
the following tables present summarized financial information of wabtec netherlands, as the issuer of the euro notes, and westinghouse air brake technologies corporation, as the parent guarantor, on a combined basis. the combined summarized financial information eliminates all intercompany balances and transactions among wabtec netherlands and westinghouse air brake technologies corporation as well as all equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary of westinghouse air brake technologies corporation, other than wabtec netherlands, which we refer to below as the non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries. the summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and parent guarantor.
summarized statement of income unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                                                 twelve months ended december 31, 2022
gross profit                                       68
summarized balance sheets unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                             december 31, 2022                      december 31, 2021
current assets                               $264                                   $217
noncurrent assets                            $770                                   $770
current liabilities                          $733                                   $479
other non-current liabilities                $128                                   $207
the following is a description of the transactions between the combined westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and wabtec netherlands, with the subsidiaries of westinghouse air brake technologies corp., other than wabtec netherlands, none of which are guarantors of the euro notes.
unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                                                                   twelve months ended december 31, 2021
unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                                                                   december 31, 2021
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements the company is obligated to make future payments under various contracts such as purchase, debt and lease agreements and has certain contingent commitments. the company has grouped these contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements into operating activities, financing activities, and investing activities in the same manner as they are classified in the statement of consolidated cash flows to provide a better understanding of the nature of the obligations and arrangements and to provide a basis for comparison to historical information. the table below provides a summary of contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2022:
operating activities:
pension and postretirement benefit payments (3)                      189                     17                      35                        38                        99
financing activities:
(1)purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations at december 31, 2022. in addition, the company had approximately $1.7 billion of open purchase orders for which the related goods or services had not been received.  although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, their terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
(2)operating leases represent multi-year obligations for rental of facilities and equipment.
(3)pension and postretirement benefit payments includes expected payments to participants out of plan assets and corporate assets. the benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets and rate of compensation increases. the company expects to contribute $2 million to pension plan investments in 2023.
(4)interest payments on the senior notes are based on interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2022 and are calculated on debt with maturities that extend to 2028.
(6)contingent consideration represents the total remaining payable to general electric (ge) resulting from the 2019 acquisition of ge transportation. the timing of the cash payments to ge is directly related to the future timing of tax benefits received by the company and could change.
the above table does not reflect uncertain tax positions of $33 million, the timing of which are uncertain. refer to note 11 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on uncertain tax positions. additionally, the company arranges for certain types of bank guarantees and letters of credit, such as performance bonds, bid bonds and financial guarantees, that are issued by certain banks and insurance companies to support customer contracts. at december 31, 2022, the total value of these bank guarantees and letters of credit were $865 million and expire on various dates through 2039. amounts include interest payments based on contractual terms and the company's current interest rate.
forward looking statements we believe that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including certain statements under "business" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," may constitute forward-looking statements. we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure that our assumptions and expectations are correct.
these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including, among other things:
economic and industry conditions
•changes in general economic and/or industry specific conditions, including the impacts of tax and tariff programs, inflation, supply chain disruptions, foreign currency exchange, and industry consolidation;
•prolonged unfavorable economic and industry conditions in the markets served by us, including north america, south america, europe, australia, asia and africa;
•decline in demand for freight cars, locomotives, passenger transit cars, buses and related products and services;
•reliance on major original equipment manufacturer customers;
•demand for services in the freight and passenger rail industry;
•demand for our products and services;
•orders either being delayed, canceled, not returning to historical levels, or reduced or any combination of the foregoing;
•continued outsourcing by our customers;
•industry demand for faster and more efficient braking equipment;
•fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates;
•availability of credit; or
•changes in market consensus as to what attributes are required for projects to be considered "green" or "sustainable" or negative perceptions regarding determinations in such regard with respect to our green finance framework;
operating factors
•supply disruptions;
•changes in operating conditions and costs;
•increases in raw material costs;
•performance under material long-term contracts;
•labor availability and relations;
•the outcome of our existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation involving our principal customers and any litigation with respect to environmental matters, asbestos-related matters, pension liabilities, warranties, product liabilities, competition and anti-trust matters or intellectual property claims;
•completion and integration of acquisitions;
•the development and use of new technology; or
•cybersecurity and data protection risks;
competitive factors
•the actions of competitors; or
•the outcome of negotiations with partners, suppliers, customers or others;
political/governmental factors
•political stability in relevant areas of the world, including the impacts of war and conflicts;
•future regulation/deregulation of our customers and/or the rail industry;
•levels of governmental funding on transit projects, including for some of our customers;
•political developments and laws and regulations, including those related to positive train control;
•the outcome of negotiations with governments;
covid-19 factors
•the severity and duration of the pandemic;
•deterioration of general economic conditions;
•shutdown of one or more of our operating facilities;
•supply chain and sourcing disruptions;
•ability of our customers to pay timely for goods and services delivered;
•ability to retain and recruit talented employees; or
•difficulty in obtaining debt or equity financing.
statements in this form 10-k apply only as of the date on which such statements are made, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. areas of uncertainty that require judgments, estimates and assumptions include the accounting for allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories, business combinations, goodwill and other intangible assets, warranty reserves, income taxes, and revenue recognition. management uses historical experience and all available information to make these judgments and estimates, and actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions that are used to prepare the company's financial statements at any given time. despite these inherent limitations, management believes that management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) and the financial statements and related footnotes provide a meaningful and fair perspective of the company.
a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report. management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the company to provide the users of the financial statements with useful and reliable information about the company's operating results and financial condition.
accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts:
description the company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts to cover anticipated losses on uncollectible accounts receivable.
judgments and uncertainties  the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable reflects our best estimate of expected losses inherent in our receivable portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, relevant credit forecast information, changes to customer's solvency and other currently available evidence.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions  if our estimates regarding the collectability of troubled accounts, and/or our actual losses within our receivable portfolio exceed our estimated losses, we may be exposed to the expense of increasing our allowance for doubtful accounts and loss of cash flows.
description inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are reviewed to ensure that an adequate provision is recognized for excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories, and net realizable value reserves.
judgments and uncertainties cost is determined primarily using the first-in, first-out (fifo) method. inventory costs include material, labor and overhead. the company compares inventory components to prior year sales history, current backlog and anticipated future requirements. to the extent that inventory parts exceed estimated usage and demand, a reserve is recognized to reduce the carrying value of inventory. also, specific reserves are established for known inventory obsolescence, a decline in market value, or loss of a customer with specific inventory.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if the market value or demand for our products were to decrease due to changing market conditions, the company could be at risk of incurring write-downs to adjust inventory value to a net realizable value lower than stated cost. if our estimates regarding sales and backlog requirements are inaccurate, we may be exposed to the expense of increasing our reserves for slow moving and obsolete inventory.
business combinations:
description the company accounts for business acquisitions in accordance with asc 805, business combinations, which requires the purchase price of the acquired business to be allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the respective fair values. the amount of purchase price which is in excess of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill.
judgments and uncertainties discounted cash flow models are used to estimate the fair values of acquired contract backlog, customer relationships, intellectual property intangibles and trade names, and below-market customer contract liabilities. the significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the intangible assets and below-market customer contract liabilities include revenue growth rates, projected profit margins, discount rates, royalty rates, customer attrition rates, revenue obsolescence rates and market participant profit margins. these significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions different assumptions may result in materially different values for assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which may impact the company's financial position and future results of operations, including potential future impairment charges.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets:
description goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are required to be tested for impairment at least annually. the company performs its annual impairment test during the fourth quarter and more frequently when indicators of impairment are present. the company reviews goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. the company has identified three reporting units for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. two reporting units exist within the freight segment and the transit segment is also a reporting unit. the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of the business to the recorded value (including goodwill).
judgments and uncertainties a number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the impairment test, including the identification of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and overall financial performance. we also consider wabtec-specific events and share price trends and making the assessment on whether each relevant factor will impact the impairment test positively or negatively and the magnitude of any such amount.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. however, actual amounts realized may differ from those used to evaluate the impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to impairment losses that could be material to our results of operations.
description the company provides warranty reserves to cover expected costs from repairing or replacing products with durability, quality or workmanship issues occurring during established warranty periods.
judgments and uncertainties in general, reserves are provided for as a percentage of sales, based on historical experience. in addition, specific reserves are established for known warranty issues and their estimable losses.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and judgments used to calculate our warranty liability, the company may be exposed to the expense of increasing our reserves for warranty expense.
description wabtec records an estimated liability for income and other taxes based on what it determines will likely be paid in various tax jurisdictions in which it operates in accordance with asc 740-10 accounting for income taxes and accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.
judgments and uncertainties the estimate of our tax obligations are uncertain because management must use judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions, as well as realization of our deferred tax assets. asc 740-10 establishes a recognition and measurement threshold to determine the amount of tax benefit that should be recognized related to uncertain tax positions.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions management uses its best judgment in the determination of these amounts. however, the liabilities ultimately realized and paid are dependent on various matters including the resolution of the tax audits in the various affected tax jurisdictions and may differ from the amounts recorded. an adjustment to the estimated liability would be recorded through income in the period in which new information changes the expected outcome of an uncertain tax position. a deferred tax valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
revenue recognition:
description revenue is recognized in accordance with asc 606 revenue from contracts with customers. the company recognizes a portion of its revenues on long-term customer agreements involving the design and production of highly engineered products that require revenue to be recognized over time because these products have no alternative use without significant economic loss and the agreements contain an enforceable right to payment including a reasonable profit margin from the customer in the event of contract termination. generally, the company uses an input method for determining the amount of revenue, cost and gross margin to recognize over time for these customer agreements. the input method used for these agreements recognizes revenue based on our efforts to satisfy the performance obligation and includes costs of material and labor, both of which give an accurate representation of the progress made toward complete satisfaction of a particular performance obligation. the company may also use the output method which recognizes revenue based on direct measurements of the value transferred to the customer.
judgments and uncertainties accounting for long-term customer agreements involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales and costs for each contract, which results in the development of estimated profit margin percentages. contract estimates related to long-term projects are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that could span several years. these assumptions include cost of materials, labor availability and productivity, complexity of the work to be performed, and the performance of suppliers, customers and subcontractors that may be associated with the contract. factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, foreign exchange rates, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements. generally, pricing is defined in our contracts but may include an estimate of variable consideration when required by the terms of the individual customer contract. types of variable consideration that the company typically has include volume discounts, prompt payment discounts, price escalation clauses, liquidating damages, and performance bonuses.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions should market conditions and customer demands dictate changes to our standard shipping terms, the company may be impacted by longer than typical revenue recognition cycles. the development of expected contract costs and contract profit margin percentages involves procedures and personnel in all areas that provide financial or production information on the status of contracts. due to the significance of judgments in the estimation process, it is likely that materially different revenue and cost amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, inflation or deflation, foreign currency exchange rates, supplier performance, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. some of our contracts are expected to be completed in a loss position. provisions are made currently for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts and are updated as necessary.