item 1a. risk factors factors that could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition are outlined below. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem insignificant may also impair our business or results of operations as they become known or as facts and circumstances change. any of the risks described below could result in a significant or adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
insurance our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters.
we have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural disasters, man-made catastrophes such as terrorism or cyber-attack, and other catastrophic events, including pandemics. this could impact a variety of our businesses, including our commercial and personal lines, and life and accident and health (a&h) products. catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, hailstorms, drought, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, war, acts of terrorism, nuclear accidents, political instability, and other natural or man-made disasters, including a global or other wide-impact pandemic or a significant cyber-attack. the incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from catastrophes could be substantial. in addition, climate conditions may be changing, primarily through changes in global temperatures, which may increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future. we cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results of operations or our financial condition. additionally, we cannot predict how legal, regulatory and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change may impact our business. the occurrence of claims from catastrophic events could result in substantial volatility in our results of operations or financial condition for any fiscal quarter or year. the historical incidence for events such as earthquakes, pandemics and cyber-attacks is infrequent and may not be representative of contemporary exposures and risks. as an example, increases in the values and concentrations of insured property may increase the severity of these occurrences in the future. although we attempt to manage our exposure to such events through the use of underwriting controls, risk models, and the purchase of third-party reinsurance, catastrophic events are inherently unpredictable and the actual nature of such events when they occur could be more frequent or severe than contemplated in our pricing and risk management expectations. as a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. we establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have occurred at or prior to the balance sheet date. the process of establishing reserves can be highly complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments.
of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. during the loss settlement period, which can be many years in duration for some of our lines of business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known which may result in a change in overall reserves. in addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of overall reserves upward or downward from time to time.
included in our loss reserves are liabilities for latent claims such as asbestos and environmental (a&e), which are principally related to claims arising from remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites and bodily-injury claims related to exposure to asbestos products and environmental hazards. at december 31, 2016, gross a&e liabilities represented approximately 3.8 percent of our loss reserves. the estimation of these liabilities is subject to many complex variables including: the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which it has no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to non-products coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses, arising from either latent or non-latent causes, may be significantly greater or less than the loss and loss expense reserves held at the balance sheet date. in particular the amount and timing of the settlement of our p&c liabilities are not determinate and our actual payments could be higher than contemplated in our loss reserves owing to the impact of insurance, judicial decisions, and/or social inflation. if our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we may be required to increase loss reserves at the time of the determination and our net income and capital may be reduced.
as industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technology and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. in some instances, these changes may not become apparent until after we have issued insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance.
the failure of any of the loss limitation methods we use could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we seek to manage our loss exposure by maintaining a disciplined underwriting process throughout our insurance operations. we also look to limit our loss exposure by writing a number of our insurance and reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. excess of loss insurance and reinsurance indemnifies the insured against losses in excess of a specified amount. in addition, we limit program size for each client and purchase third-party reinsurance for our own account. in the case of our assumed proportional reinsurance treaties, we seek per occurrence limitations or loss and loss expense ratio caps to limit the impact of losses ceded by the client. in proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the premiums and losses of the reinsured. we also seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification. geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits.
however, there are inherent limitations in all of these tactics and no assurance can be given against the possibility of an event or series of events that could result in loss levels that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. it is also possible that losses could manifest themselves in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. additionally, various provisions of our policies, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. as a result, one or more natural catastrophes and/or terrorism or other events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may be unable to purchase reinsurance, and/or if we successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility of non-payment.
we purchase protection from third parties including, but not limited to, reinsurance to protect against catastrophes and other sources of volatility, to increase the amount of protection we can provide our clients, and as part of our overall risk management strategy. our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional protection which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance originally assumed by the reinsurer. a reinsurer's or retrocessionaire's insolvency or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on us because we remain liable to the insured. from time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs.
there is no guarantee our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. in addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. finally, we face some degree of counterparty risk whenever we purchase reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance. consequently, the insolvency of these counterparties, or the inability, or unwillingness of any of our present or future reinsurers to make timely payments to us under the terms of our reinsurance or retrocessional agreements could have an adverse effect on us. at december 31, 2016, we had $13.8 billion of reinsurance recoverables, net of reserves for uncollectible recoverables.
certain active chubb companies are primarily liable for a&e and other exposures they have reinsured to our inactive run-off company century indemnity company (century). at december 31, 2016, the aggregate reinsurance balances ceded by our active subsidiaries to century were approximately $1.2 billion. should century's loss reserves experience adverse development in the future and should century be placed into rehabilitation or liquidation, the reinsurance recoverables due from century to its affiliates would be payable only after the payment in full of third party expenses and liabilities, including administrative expenses and direct policy liabilities. thus, the intercompany reinsurance recoverables would be at risk to the extent of the shortage of assets remaining to pay these recoverables. while we believe the intercompany reinsurance recoverables from century are not impaired at this time, we cannot assure that adverse development with respect to century's loss reserves, if manifested, will not result in century's insolvency, which could result in our recognizing a loss to the extent of any uncollectible reinsurance from century. this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our net income may be volatile because certain products sold by our life insurance business expose us to reserve and fair value liability changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions.
our pricing, establishment of reserves for future policy benefits and valuation of life insurance and annuity products, including reinsurance programs, are based upon various assumptions, including but not limited to market changes, interest rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, and policyholder behavior. the process of establishing reserves for future policy benefits relies on our ability to accurately estimate insured events that have not yet occurred but that are expected to occur in future periods.  significant deviations in actual experience from assumptions used for pricing and for reserves for future policy benefits could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products and our business.
under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, we assumed the risk of guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) and guaranteed living benefits (glb) associated with variable annuity contracts. our glb liability includes guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib) and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (gmab). we ceased writing this business in 2007. our net income is directly impacted by changes in the reserves calculated in connection with the reinsurance of gmdb and glb liabilities. in addition, our net income is directly impacted by the change in the fair value of the glb liability. reported liabilities for both gmdb and glb reinsurance are determined using internal valuation models which require considerable judgment and are subject to significant uncertainty. refer to the "critical accounting estimates - guaranteed living benefits (glb) derivatives" under item 7 and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - reinsurance of gmdb and glb guarantees" under item 7a for additional information on the assumptions used in this program. we view our variable annuity reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on both life insurance underwriting income and consolidated net income.
the surety business tends to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. the majority of our surety obligations are intended to be performance-based guarantees. when losses occur, they may be mitigated, at times, by recovery rights to the customer's assets, contract payments, and collateral and bankruptcy recoveries. we have substantial commercial and construction surety exposure for current and prior customers. in that regard, we have exposures related to surety bonds issued on behalf of companies that have experienced or may experience deterioration in creditworthiness. if the financial condition of these companies were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our exposure to counterparties in various industries, our reliance on brokers, and certain of our policies may subject us to credit risk.
we have exposure to counterparties through reinsurance and in various industries, including banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and derivative transactions that expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. we also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities.
in accordance with industry practice, we generally pay amounts owed on claims to brokers who, in turn, remit these amounts to the insured or ceding insurer. although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. conversely, in certain jurisdictions, if a broker does not remit premiums paid for these policies over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with a broker with whom we transact business. however, due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk. to date, we have not experienced any material losses related to these credit risks.
under the terms of certain high-deductible policies which we offer, such as workers' compensation and general liability, our customers are responsible to reimburse us for an agreed-upon dollar amount per claim. in nearly all cases we are required under such policies to pay covered claims first, and then seek reimbursement for amounts within the applicable deductible from our customers. this obligation subjects us to credit risk from these customers. while we generally seek to mitigate this risk through collateral agreements and maintain a provision for uncollectible accounts associated with this credit exposure, an increased inability of customers to reimburse us in this context could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, a lack of credit available to our customers could impact our ability to collateralize this risk to our satisfaction, which in turn, could reduce the amount of high-deductible policies we could offer.
we market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents and insurance and reinsurance brokers. accordingly, our business is dependent on the willingness of these agents and brokers to recommend our products to their customers, who may also promote and distribute the products of our competitors. deterioration in relationships with our agent and broker distribution network or their increased promotion and distribution of our competitors' products could adversely affect our ability to sell our products. loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these agents and brokers could have an adverse effect on our business.
financial our investment performance may affect our financial results and our ability to conduct business.
our investment assets are invested by professional investment management firms under the direction of our management team in accordance with investment guidelines approved by the risk & finance committee of the board of directors. although our investment guidelines stress diversification of risks and conservation of principal and liquidity, our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. the volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business.
volatility in interest rates could impact the performance of our investment portfolio which could have an adverse effect on our investment income and operating results. although we take measures to manage the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to effectively mitigate interest rate sensitivity. our mitigation efforts include maintaining a high quality portfolio of primarily fixed income investments with a relatively short duration to reduce the effect of interest rate changes on book value. a significant increase in interest rates would generally have an adverse effect on our book value. our life insurance investments typically focus on longer duration bonds to better match the obligations of this business. for the life insurance business, policyholder behavior may be influenced by changing interest rate conditions and require a re-balancing of duration to effectively manage our asset/liability position.
as stated, our fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in high quality, investment-grade securities. however, a smaller portion of the portfolio, approximately 12 percent at december 31, 2016, is invested in below investment-grade securities.
these securities, which pay a higher rate of interest, also have a higher degree of credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. while we have put in place procedures to monitor the credit risk and liquidity of our invested assets, it is possible that, in periods of economic weakness (such as recession), we may experience credit or default losses in our portfolio, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
as a part of our ongoing analysis of our investment portfolio, we are required to assess whether the debt and equity securities we hold for which we have recorded an unrealized loss have been "other-than-temporarily impaired" under gaap, which implies an inability to recover the full economic benefits of these securities. refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. this analysis requires a high degree of judgment and requires us to make certain assessments about the potential for recovery of the assets we hold. declines in relevant stock and other financial markets, and other factors impacting the value of our investments, could result in impairments and could adversely affect our net income and other financial results.
we may require additional capital or financing sources in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.
our future capital and financing requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses, as well as our investment performance and capital expenditure obligations, including with respect to acquisitions. we may need to raise additional funds through financings or access funds through existing or new credit facilities or through short-term repurchase agreements. we also from time to time seek to refinance debt or credit as amounts become due or commitments expire. any equity or debt financing or refinancing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. in the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result, and in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to those of our common shares. our access to funds under existing credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, we could be forced to use assets otherwise available for our business operations, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we may be required to post additional collateral because of changes in our reinsurance liabilities to regulated insurance companies, or because of regulatory changes that affect our companies.
if our reinsurance liabilities increase, including in our property & casualty and variable annuity reinsurance businesses, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients. in addition, regulatory changes sometimes affect our obligations to post collateral. the need to post this additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. this could adversely impact our net income and liquidity and capital resources.
u.s. and global economic and financial industry events and their consequences could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price.
the consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made under our products, the ability of customers, counterparties, and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently use internal and external capital resources, the availability of reinsurance protection, the risks we assume under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, and our investment performance. volatility in the u.s. and other securities markets may adversely affect our stock price.
a decline in our financial strength ratings could affect our standing among brokers and customers and cause our premiums and earnings to decrease. a decline in our debt ratings could increase our borrowing costs and impact our ability to access capital markets.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. the objective of these rating systems is to provide an opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet ongoing obligations to its policyholders. a ratings downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as insureds, ceding companies, and brokers move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings. if one or more of our debt ratings were downgraded, we could also incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. additionally, we could be required to post collateral or be faced with the cancellation of policies and resulting premium in certain circumstances. we cannot give any assurance regarding whether or to what extent any of the rating agencies might downgrade our ratings in the future.
our ability to pay dividends and/or to make payments on indebtedness may be constrained by our holding company structure.
chubb limited is a holding company and does not have any significant operations or assets other than its ownership of the shares of its operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries. dividends and other permitted distributions from our insurance subsidiaries are our primary source of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including any future debt service payments and other expenses, and to pay dividends to our shareholders. some of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or meet our debt service obligations.
our operating results and shareholders' equity may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.
our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. in general, we match assets and liabilities in local currencies. where possible, capital levels in local currencies are limited to satisfy minimum regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. the principal currencies creating foreign exchange risk are the british pound sterling, the euro, the mexican peso, the brazilian real, the korean won, the canadian dollar, the japanese yen, the thai baht, the australian dollar, and the hong kong dollar. at december 31, 2016, approximately 26.8 percent of our net assets were denominated in foreign currencies. we may experience losses resulting from fluctuations in the values of non-u.s. currencies, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
operational the regulatory and political regimes under which we operate, and their volatility, could have an adverse effect on our business.
our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally. our businesses in each jurisdiction are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision. the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require, among other things, maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity; various solvency standards; and periodic examinations of subsidiaries' financial condition. in some jurisdictions, laws and regulations also restrict payments of dividends and reductions of capital. applicable statutes, regulations, and policies may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, to make certain investments, and to distribute funds. the purpose of insurance laws and regulations generally is to protect policyholders and ceding insurance companies, not our shareholders. for example, some jurisdictions have enacted various consumer protection laws that make it more burdensome for insurance companies to sell policies and interact with customers in personal lines businesses. failure to comply with such regulations can lead to significant penalties and reputational injury. fines and penalties in the u.s. in particular have been trending upwards.
the foreign and u.s. federal and state laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations are complex and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance or subject our business to the possibility of regulatory actions or proceedings. laws and regulations not specifically related to the insurance industry include trade sanctions that relate to certain countries, anti-money laundering laws, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act 2010, the anti-bribery provisions of the swiss penal code and similar local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. the insurance industry is also affected by political, judicial, and legal developments that may create new and expanded regulations and theories of liability. the current economic and financial climates present additional uncertainties and risks relating to increased regulation and the potential for increased involvement of the u.s. and other governments in the financial services industry.
in addition, various legislative initiatives may impact the conduct of our business.
regulators in countries where we have operations are working with the international association of insurance supervisors (iais) to consider changes to insurance company supervision, including with respect to group supervision and solvency requirements. the iais has developed a common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups (comframe) which is focused on the effective group-wide supervision of international active insurance groups (iaigs), such as chubb. as part of comframe, the iais has announced plans to develop an international capital standard for insurance groups. the details of comframe including this global capital standard and its applicability to chubb are uncertain at this time. in addition, the european union (eu) has implemented a new capital and risk management regime known as solvency ii that applies to our businesses across the eu, which became effective january 1, 2016. bermuda also implemented a new capital and risk management regime effective january 1, 2016, which has been deemed equivalent to the eu's solvency ii regime. chubb businesses are also subject to the requirements of the swiss financial market supervisory authority (finma) whose regulations include swiss solvency tests. there are also risk based capital (rbc) requirements in the u.s. which are also subject to revision in response to global developments. while it is not certain how or if these actions will impact chubb, we do not currently expect that our capital management strategies, results of operations and financial condition will be materially affected by these regulatory changes.
we may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, applicable statutes and regulations and any changes thereto, which could have an adverse effect on our business. failure to comply with or obtain appropriate authorizations and/or exemptions under any applicable laws and regulations could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business and could subject us to fines and other sanctions.
political uncertainty in the united kingdom and the european union may lead to volatility and/or have an adverse effect on our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price.
on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom (uk) voted in a national referendum to withdraw from the european union. the uk's supreme court has determined that an act of parliament is required to confer power on the uk government to give notice to the european union, under article 50(2) of the treaty on european union, of the uk's intention to withdraw from the european union. as of the date of this document, the european union (notification of withdrawal) bill has not yet been granted royal assent. the uk government has indicated that it intends to give notice of the uk's intention to withdraw from the european union before the end of march 2017 subject to the bill being granted royal assent by that time. if such notice is given by the uk government, the withdrawal process would be unprecedented in european union history, and one that could involve months or years of negotiation to draft and approve a withdrawal agreement. in addition, a withdrawal agreement may not be concluded within the time limit specified in article 50(3), in which case the uk may be required to withdraw from the european union without a withdrawal agreement being in force.
the possible exit of the uk (or any other country) from the european union, the potential withdrawal of scotland or northern ireland from the uk, or prolonged periods of uncertainty relating to any of these possibilities could result in significant macroeconomic deterioration including, but not limited to, further decreases in global stock exchange indices, increased foreign exchange volatility (in particular a further weakening of the pound sterling and euro against other leading currencies), decreased gdp in the uk, and a downgrade of the uk's sovereign credit rating. in addition, these events could push the uk, eurozone, and/or united states into an economic recession any of which, were they to occur, would further destabilize the global financial markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. we have significant operations in the uk and other eu member states. depending on the final terms of the uk exit, we may be required to reorganize our operations and legal entity structure in the uk and the eu in a manner that could be less efficient and more expensive.
the result of the june referendum has also raised concerns regarding the terms for future uk access to the eu single market, which is made up of the 27 other eu member states and, to some extent, iceland, liechtenstein, and norway (together, the european economic area or eea). the rules governing the eu single market require local risks to be underwritten by a local authorized insurer; an eea authorized insurer or a non-local insurer with the benefit of an eu "passport". as such, uk insurers, including us, are able to underwrite risks from the uk into eea member states via a "passport". the uk government has announced that it will not be seeking membership of the eu single market during any withdrawal negotiations but will pursue instead a free trade agreement that covers goods and services. however, there can be no assurance that any such agreement will maintain the passporting rights of uk insurers or will deem relevant uk regulations to be equivalent to those of the eu. in the event that, following the uk's withdrawal from the eu, uk insurers were unable to access the eu single market via a passporting arrangement, a regulatory equivalence regime or other similar arrangement, such insurers may not be able to underwrite risks into eea member states except through local branches incorporated in the eea. such branches might require local authorization, regulatory and prudential supervision, and capital to be deposited. any change to the terms of the uk's access to the eu single market following the withdrawal of the uk from the eu could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, lloyd's currently benefits from eu single market passporting arrangements, which allow its syndicates and coverholders to write business in eea member states. lloyd's might not be able to maintain such passporting rights or equivalent rights following the withdrawal of the uk from the eu, which could restrict our ability to write business in the eea through lloyd's syndicates and coverholders and therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our worldwide operations, particularly in developing nations, expose us to global geopolitical developments that could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition.
with operations in 54 countries, we provide insurance and reinsurance products and services to a diverse group of clients worldwide, including operations in various developing nations. both current and future foreign operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable geopolitical developments including law changes, tax changes, changes in trade policies, changes to visa or immigration policies, regulatory restrictions, government leadership changes, political events and upheaval, sociopolitical instability, and nationalization of our operations without compensation. adverse activity in any one country could negatively impact operations, increase our loss exposure under certain of our insurance products, and could, otherwise, have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition depending on the magnitude of the events and our net financial exposure at that time in that country.
a failure in our operational systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, including due to security breaches or cyber-attacks, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses.
our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information and assets, including in our computer systems and networks and those of third-party service providers. our business depends on effective information security and systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data our information systems use to run our business. our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective, efficient and secure service to our customers, to value our investments and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity and availability of the data we maintain, including that within our information systems, as well as data in and assets held through third-party service providers and systems. in an effort to ensure the integrity of such data, we implement new security measures and systems, including the use of confidential intellectual property, and improve or upgrade our existing security measures and systems on a continuing basis. although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and take protective actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and to protect our information technology and assets, and although we additionally endeavor to modify such procedures as circumstances warrant and negotiate agreements with third-party providers to protect our assets, such measures may be insufficient to prevent unauthorized access, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code or cyber-attack, catastrophic events, system failures and disruptions (including in relation to new security measures and systems), employee errors or malfeasance, third party (including outsourced service providers) errors or malfeasance, loss of assets and other events that could have security consequences (each, a security event). in some cases, such events may not be immediately detected. as the breadth and complexity of our security infrastructure continues to grow, the potential risk of a security event increases. like other global companies, we have from time to time experienced security events, none of which had, individually or in the aggregate, an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. if additional security events occur, these events may jeopardize chubb's or its clients' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored within chubb, and transmitted through its computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions, delays, or malfunctions in chubb's, its clients', its counterparties', or third parties' operations, or result in data loss or loss of assets which could result in significant losses, reputational damage or an adverse effect on our operations and critical business functions. chubb may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures and to pursue recovery of lost data or assets and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered by insurance maintained.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. we are subject to numerous u.s. federal and state laws and regulations in jurisdictions outside the u.s. governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients or employees, including in relation to medical records, credit card data and financial information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict. if any person, including any of our employees or those with whom we share such information, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to our client data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.
despite the contingency plans and facilities we have in place and our efforts to observe the regulatory requirements surrounding information security, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption of the infrastructure that supports our business in the communities in which we are located, or of outsourced services or functions. this may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation, or other services used by chubb. if a disruption occurs in one location and chubb employees in that location are unable to occupy our offices and conduct business or communicate with or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with clients may suffer and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel.
we use analytical models to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, claims, reserving, and catastrophe risks but actual results could differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
we use various modeling techniques (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with our assets and liabilities. we use the modeled outputs and related analyses to assist us in decision-making (e.g., underwriting, pricing, claims, reserving, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk) and to maintain competitive advantage. the modeled outputs and related analyses are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the use of historical internal and industry data. in addition, the modeled outputs and related analyses may from time to time contain inaccuracies, perhaps in material respects, including as a result of inaccurate inputs or applications thereof. consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. if, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or underestimate the frequency and/or severity of loss events, or overestimate the risks we are exposed to, new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more key executives or by an inability to attract and retain qualified personnel.
our success depends on our ability to retain the services of our existing key executives and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel in the future. the loss of the services of any of our key executives or the inability to hire and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct or grow our business. this risk may be particularly acute for us relative to some of our competitors because some of our senior executives work in countries where they are not citizens and work permit and immigration issues could adversely affect the ability to retain or hire key persons. we do not maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our employees.
employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
losses may result from, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly, failure to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with underwriting or other internal guidelines, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions that we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. resultant losses could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
strategic competition in the insurance and reinsurance markets could reduce our margins and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
insurance and reinsurance markets are highly competitive. we compete on an international and regional basis with major u.s., bermuda, european, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, marketing, and management resources than we do. we also compete with new companies that continue to be formed to enter the insurance and reinsurance markets. technological advancements in the insurance industry in the markets in which we operate may also present competitive risks; technology advancements are occurring in distribution, underwriting and operations and at a pace that may increase. in addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. if competition or technological or other changes to the insurance markets in which we operate limit our ability to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. increased competition could also result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our profit margins and adversely impact our net income and shareholders' equity.
insurance and reinsurance markets are historically cyclical, and we expect to experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates.
the insurance and reinsurance markets have historically been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels. an increase in premium levels is often offset by an increasing supply of insurance and reinsurance capacity, either by capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers, which may cause prices to decrease. any of these factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms, and fewer submissions for our underwriting services. in addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance and reinsurance markets significantly, as could periods of economic weakness (such as recession).
acquisitions, such as our acquisition of the chubb corporation (chubb corp) through a merger (the chubb acquisition), involve numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax, and other risks; potential liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of acquired businesses' internal controls over financial reporting. difficulties in integrating an acquired company, along with its personnel, may result in the acquired company performing differently than we expected, in operational challenges or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. in addition, goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with insurance company acquisitions may be impaired if premium growth, underwriting profitability, agency retention and policy persistency, among other factors, differ from expectations.
there is also the potential that proposed acquisitions that have been publicly announced will not be consummated, even if a definitive agreement has been signed by the parties. if an agreement is terminated before closing, the result would be that our proposed acquisition would not occur, which could, among other things, expose us to damages or liability and adversely impact our stock price and future operations.
chubb limited and our non-u.s. subsidiaries operate in a manner so that none of these companies should be subject to u.s. tax (other than u.s. excise tax on insurance and reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring u.s. risks and u.s. withholding tax on some types of u.s. source investment income), because none of these companies should be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the u.s. however, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the u.s., we cannot be certain that the internal revenue service (irs) will not contend successfully that chubb limited or its non-u.s. subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the u.s. if chubb limited or any of its non-u.s. subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the u.s., such entity could be subject to u.s. corporate income and branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such u.s. business, in which case our results of operations and our shareholders' investments could be adversely affected.
the bermuda minister of finance, under the exempted undertakings tax protection act 1966 of bermuda, as amended, has given chubb limited and its bermuda insurance subsidiaries a written assurance that if any legislation is enacted in bermuda that would impose tax computed on profits or income, or computed on any capital asset, gain, or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax, then the imposition of any such tax would not be applicable to those companies or any of their respective operations, shares, debentures, or other obligations until march 31, 2035, except insofar as such tax would apply to persons ordinarily resident in bermuda or is payable by us in respect of real property owned or leased by us in bermuda. we cannot be certain that we will not be subject to any bermuda tax after march 31, 2035.
the oecd has published an action plan to address base erosion and profit shifting (beps) impacting its member countries and other jurisdictions. it is possible that jurisdictions in which we do business could react to the beps initiative or their own concerns by enacting tax legislation that could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
a number of multilateral organizations, including the eu and the oecd have, in recent years, expressed concern about some countries not participating in adequate tax information exchange arrangements and have threatened those that do not agree to cooperate with punitive sanctions by member countries. it is as yet unclear what all of these sanctions might be, which countries might adopt them, and when or if they might be imposed. we cannot assure, however, that the tax information exchange agreements (tieas) that have been or will be entered into by switzerland and bermuda will be sufficient to preclude all of the sanctions described above, which, if ultimately adopted, could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
our articles of association generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each common share held by them and are entitled to vote at all meetings of shareholders. however, the voting rights exercisable by a shareholder may be limited so that certain persons or groups are not deemed to hold 10 percent or more of the voting power conferred by our common shares. moreover, these provisions could have the effect of reducing the voting power of some shareholders who would not otherwise be subject to the limitation by virtue of their direct share ownership. our board of directors may refuse to register holders of shares as shareholders with voting rights based on certain grounds, including if the holder would, directly or indirectly, formally, constructively or beneficially own (as described in articles 8 and 14 of our articles of association) or otherwise control voting rights with respect to 10 percent or more of the registered share capital recorded in the commercial register. in addition, the board of directors shall reject entry of holders of registered shares as shareholders with voting rights in the share register or shall decide on their deregistration when the acquirer or shareholder upon request does not expressly state that she/he has acquired or holds the shares in her/his own name and for her/his account.
applicable laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control of our company.
before a person can acquire control of a u.s. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer, the state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity and management of the applicant's board of directors and executive officers, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. generally, state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the domestic insurer. because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our common shares would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various u.s. jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. laws of other jurisdictions in which one or more of our existing subsidiaries are, or a future subsidiary may be, organized or domiciled may contain similar restrictions on the acquisition of control of chubb.
while our articles of association limit the voting power of any shareholder to less than 10 percent, we cannot assure that the applicable regulatory body would agree that a shareholder who owned 10 percent or more of our common shares did not, because of the limitation on the voting power of such shares, control the applicable insurance subsidiary.
these laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control of chubb, including transactions that some or all of our shareholders might consider to be desirable.
shareholder voting requirements under swiss law may limit our flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management.
swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize share capital which can be issued by the board of directors without shareholder approval but this authorization must be renewed by the shareholders every two years. swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of stock as permitted in other jurisdictions. swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions over which the board of directors had authority prior to our re-domestication to switzerland. for example, dividends must be approved by shareholders. while we do not believe that swiss law requirements relating to our capital management will have an adverse effect on chubb, we cannot assure that situations will not arise where such flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.
chubb limited is a swiss company; it may be difficult to enforce judgments against it or its directors and executive officers.
chubb limited is incorporated pursuant to the laws of switzerland. in addition, certain of our directors and officers reside outside the u.s. and all or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such persons are located in jurisdictions outside the u.s. as such, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of process within the u.s. upon those persons or to recover against us or them on judgments of u.s. courts, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws.
chubb has been advised by its swiss counsel that there is doubt as to whether the courts in switzerland would enforce:
   judgments of u.s. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws obtained in actions against it or its directors and officers, who reside outside the u.s.; or
   original actions brought in switzerland against these persons or chubb predicated solely upon u.s. federal securities laws.
chubb has also been advised by its swiss counsel that there is no treaty in effect between the u.s. and switzerland providing for this enforcement and there are grounds upon which swiss courts may not enforce judgments of u.s. courts. some remedies available under the laws of u.s. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the u.s. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in swiss courts as contrary to that nation's public policy.
under swiss law, if we need to raise equity capital at a time when our share price is below the par value of our shares, the equity issuance could be delayed by the need to obtain shareholder approval, which cannot be assured.
as of december 31, 2016, the par value of our common shares is chf 24.15 per share. under swiss law, we generally may not issue registered shares below their par value. in the event there is a need to raise common equity capital at a time when the trading price of our registered shares is below our par value, we will need to obtain approval of our shareholders to decrease the par value of our registered shares. we cannot assure that we would be able to obtain such shareholder approval. furthermore, obtaining shareholder approval would require filing a preliminary proxy statement with the sec and convening a meeting of shareholders which would delay any capital raising plans. furthermore, any reduction in par value would decrease our ability to pay dividends as a repayment of share capital which is not subject to swiss withholding tax. see "shareholders may be subject to swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends" for additional information.
shareholders may be subject to swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.
our dividends are generally subject to a swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 percent; however, payment of a dividend in the form of a par value reduction or qualifying capital contribution reserves reduction is not subject to swiss withholding tax. we have previously obtained shareholder approval for dividends to be paid in such form. we currently intend to recommend to shareholders that they annually approve the payment of dividends in such form but we cannot assure that our shareholders will continue to approve a reduction in such form each year or that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that swiss withholding tax rules will not be changed in the future. we estimate we would be able to pay dividends in such form, and thus exempt from swiss withholding tax until 2028-2033. this range may vary depending upon changes in annual dividends, special dividends, fluctuations in u.s. dollar/swiss franc exchange rates, changes in par value or qualifying capital contribution reserves or changes or new interpretations to swiss corporate or tax law or regulations.
under certain circumstances, a u.s. person who owns 10 percent or more of the voting power of a foreign corporation that is a "controlled foreign corporation" (cfc) (a foreign corporation in which 10 percent u.s. shareholders own more than 50 percent of the voting power or value of the stock of a foreign corporation or more than 25 percent of certain foreign insurance corporations) for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more during a taxable year must include in gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such "10 percent u.s. shareholder's" pro rata share of the cfc's "subpart f income". we believe that because of the dispersion of our share ownership, provisions in our organizational documents that limit voting power, and other factors, no u.s. person who acquires shares of chubb limited directly or indirectly through one or more foreign entities should be required to include any subpart f income in income under the cfc rules of u.s. tax law. it is possible, however, that the irs could challenge the effectiveness of these provisions and that a court could sustain such a challenge, in which case a u.s. person's investment in 10 percent or more of chubb limited's stock could be adversely affected.
separately, any u.s. persons who hold shares may be subject to u.s. federal income taxation at ordinary income tax rates on their proportionate share of our related person insurance income (rpii). if the rpii of any of our non-u.s. insurance subsidiaries (each a "non-u.s. insurance subsidiary") were to equal or exceed 20 percent of that company's gross insurance income in any taxable year and direct or indirect insureds (and persons related to those insureds) own directly or indirectly through foreign entities 20 percent or more of the voting power or value of chubb limited, then a u.s. person who owns any shares of chubb limited (directly or indirectly through foreign entities) on the last day of the taxable year would be required to include in his or her income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such person's pro rata share of such company's rpii for the entire taxable year. in addition, any rpii that is includible in the income of a u.s. tax-exempt organization may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. we believe that the gross rpii of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary did not in prior years of operation and is not expected in the foreseeable future to equal or exceed 20 percent of each such company's gross insurance income. likewise, we do not expect the direct or indirect insureds of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary (and persons related to such insureds) to directly or indirectly own 20 percent or more of either the voting power or value of our shares. however, we cannot be certain that this will be the case because some of the factors which determine the extent of rpii may be beyond our control. if these thresholds are met or exceeded, any u.s. person's investment in chubb limited could be adversely affected.
a u.s. tax-exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our insurance income is allocated to the organization. this generally would be the case if either we are a cfc and the tax-exempt shareholder is a 10 percent u.s. shareholder or there is rpii, certain exceptions do not apply, and the tax-exempt organization, directly or indirectly through foreign entities, owns any shares of chubb limited. although we do not believe that any u.s. tax-exempt organization should be allocated such insurance income, we cannot be certain that this will be the case. potential u.s. tax-exempt investors are advised to consult their tax advisors.
if chubb limited is considered a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes, a u.s. person who holds chubb limited shares will be subject to adverse u.s. federal income tax consequences in which case their investment could be adversely affected. in addition, if chubb limited were considered a pfic, upon the death of any u.s. individual owning shares, such individual's heirs or estate would not be entitled to a "step-up" in the basis of the shares which might otherwise be available under u.s. federal income tax laws. we believe that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes. we cannot assure, however, that we will not be deemed a pfic by the irs. the irs issued proposed regulations regarding the application of the pfic provisions to an insurance company, and final regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying these rules may be forthcoming. we cannot predict what impact, if any, such guidance would have on an investor that is subject to u.s. federal income taxation.
legislation is periodically introduced in the u.s. congress intended to eliminate some perceived tax advantages of companies (including insurance companies) that have legal domiciles outside the u.s. but have certain u.s. connections. it is possible that such legislation or other legislation could be enacted in the future that could have an adverse impact on us or our shareholders. for example, tax reform has been identified by current u.s. administration as a priority in 2017. certain provisions of the tax reform proposals, if enacted, as well as future u.s. treasury regulations and u.s. court decisions regarding current law or future legislation, could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
similarly, jurisdictions outside the u.s. in which we do business could enact tax legislation in the future that could have an adverse impact on us or our shareholders. for example, switzerland is currently pursuing the implementation of corporate tax reform measures. the first effort was rejected by a public vote; however a revised corporate tax reform measure is expected. the next tax reform version could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
risks relating to the chubb corporation acquisition (chubb corp)
we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant integration-related costs in connection with the chubb acquisition.
we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial expenses in connection with the chubb corp acquisition.
we expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of the two companies and achieving desired synergies. these fees and costs have been, and will continue to be, substantial, and include, among others, severance and benefit costs, employee retention costs, filing fees, and legal and professional fees.
we also will incur fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred as of a result of the chubb corp acquisition and the integration of the two companies' businesses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.
these costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the chubb corp acquisition.
the success of the chubb corp acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our businesses. the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the chubb corp acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. some of the assumptions that we have made, such as the achievement of operating synergies, may not be realized. the integration process may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the chubb corp acquisition that were not discovered in the course of performing due diligence.
chubb's results will suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the chubb corp acquisition.
our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage the expanded business following the merger, which poses numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate the operations and business of chubb corp into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to combine systems and management controls, and to integrate relationships with customers, vendors, and business partners.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016. this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, under item 8 of this form 10-k.
critical accounting estimates                                    40
other income and expense items                                   76
political risk and credit insurance                              84
liquidity                                                        86
capital resources                                                88
contractual obligations and commitments                          90
credit facilities                                                91
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. these forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail under part i, item 1a, under risk factors, starting on page 18 and elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec), include but are not limited to:
   complex coverage and regulatory issues such as whether losses occurred from storm surge or flooding and related lawsuits;
   actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent;
   the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality, or availability of reinsurance;
   the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses, and the timing of loss payments;
   changes to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, or have the intent to sell, available for sale fixed maturity investments before their anticipated recovery;
   infection rates and severity of pandemics and their effects on our business operations and claims activity;
   developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets, and other financial markets, increased government involvement or intervention in the financial services industry, the cost and availability of financing, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations (which we refer to in this report as foreign exchange and foreign currency exchange), which could affect our statement of operations, investment portfolio, financial condition, and financing plans;
   general economic and business conditions resulting from volatility in the stock and credit markets and the depth and duration of potential recession;
   global political conditions, the occurrence of any terrorist attacks, including any nuclear, radiological, biological, or chemical events, or the outbreak and effects of war, and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events;
   the potential impact of the united kingdom's vote to withdraw from the european union, including political, regulatory, social, and economic uncertainty and market and exchange rate volatility;
   judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, legal tactics, and settlement terms;
   the effects of public company bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues, including the effects of such events on:
   the capital markets;
   claims and litigation arising out of such disclosures or practices by other companies;
   uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, actions, investigations, and treaties, which, among other things, could subject us to insurance regulation or taxation in additional jurisdictions or affect our current operations;
   the actual amount of new and renewal business, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets, including regulatory constraints on exit strategies;
   the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete;
   acquisitions made by us performing differently than expected, our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies or growth from acquisitions, the impact of acquisitions on our pre-existing organization, or announced acquisitions not closing;
   risks and uncertainties relating to our acquisition of the chubb corporation (chubb corp acquisition) including our ability to successfully integrate the acquired company;
   risks associated with being a swiss corporation, including reduced flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management and the potential for additional regulatory burdens;
   the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities;
   changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions, for example, recession;
   loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame;
   the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to chubb or its customers or partners; and
   management's response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above).
overview effective the first quarter of 2016 and subsequent to our acquisition of the chubb corporation (chubb corp), we operate through the following business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. 2015 results were revised to conform to the new segment presentation and only include legacy ace results (i.e., does not include legacy chubb corp results except in "as if" presentations). for more information on our segments refer to "segment information" under item 1.
we have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansion of product offerings and geographic reach, and acquisitions of other companies. acquisitions in 2016, 2015, and 2014 are as follows:
   the large corporate account property and casualty (p&amp;c) insurance business of itau seguros (itau seguros) (october 31, 2014); and
   the siam commercial samaggi insurance pcl (samaggi) (we and our local partner acquired 60.86 percent ownership on april 28, 2014, and subsequently acquired an additional 32.17 percent ownership through a mandatory tender offer, which expired on june 17, 2014).
the consolidated financial statements include results of acquired businesses from the acquisition dates. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our acquisitions.
our product and geographic diversification differentiates us from the vast majority of our competitors and has been a source of stability during periods of industry volatility. our long-term business strategy focuses on sustained growth in book value achieved through a combination of underwriting and investment income. by doing so, we provide value to our clients and shareholders through use of our substantial capital base in the insurance and reinsurance markets.
we are organized along a profit center structure by line of business and territory that does not necessarily correspond to corporate legal entities. profit centers can access various legal entities, subject to licensing and other regulatory rules. profit centers are expected to generate underwriting income and appropriate risk-adjusted returns. our corporate structure has facilitated the development of management talent by giving each profit center's senior management team the necessary autonomy within underwriting authorities to make operating decisions and create products and coverages needed by its target customer base. we are focused on delivering underwriting profit by only writing policies which we believe adequately compensate us for the risk we accept.
our insurance and reinsurance operations generate gross revenues from two principal sources: premiums and investment income. cash flow is generated from premiums collected and investment income received less paid losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. invested assets are substantially held in liquid, investment grade fixed income securities of relatively short duration. claims payments in any short-term period are highly unpredictable due to the random nature of loss events and the timing of claims awards or settlements. the value of investments held to pay future claims is subject to market forces such as the level of interest rates, stock market volatility, and credit events such as corporate defaults. the actual cost of claims is also volatile based on loss trends, inflation rates, court awards, and catastrophes. we believe that our cash balance, our highly liquid investments, credit facilities, and reinsurance protection provide sufficient liquidity to meet unforeseen claim demands that might occur in the year ahead. refer to "liquidity" and "capital resources" for additional information.
we present financial measures on an "as if" basis for both the 2016 and 2015 periods throughout the management's discussion and analysis section exclusive of the impact of the unearned premium reserves intangible amortization and the elimination of the historical policy acquisition costs as a result of purchase accounting related to the chubb corp acquisition in order to present the underlying profitability of our insurance business for the entire relevant periods. we believe these measures provide visibility into our results, allow for comparability to our historical results and are consistent with how management evaluates results. we define our results presented on an "as if" basis as follows:
2016 "as if" results: the combined company results do not include the impact of the unearned premium reserves intangible amortization and the elimination of the historical policy acquisition costs as a result of purchase accounting related to the chubb corp acquisition. the combined company results for the year ended december 31, 2016 are inclusive of the first 14 days of january 2016 (the chubb corp acquisition closed january 14, 2016).
2015 "as if" results: legacy ace plus legacy chubb corp historical results after accounting policy alignment adjustments, including reclassifying certain legacy chubb corp corporate expenses to administrative expenses and redefining legacy chubb corp segment underwriting income by allocating the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs to each segment.  2015 "as if" results exclude purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition.
   net income was $4,135 million compared with $2,834 million last year.
   total company and p&amp;c net premiums written were $28.1 billion and $26.0 billion, respectively, up 58.9 percent and 65.6 percent, respectively, reflecting the acquisition of chubb corp. p&amp;c net premiums written decreased 5.1 percent, or 3.3 percent in constant dollars, when compared with last year on an "as if" basis.
   since the acquisition of chubb corp, we have entered into new reinsurance agreements with third-party reinsurers for certain legacy chubb corp business and have taken other merger-related underwriting actions, including exiting certain types of business that do not meet our underwriting standards or adhere to our risk diversification strategy. merger-related underwriting actions, including the purchase of additional reinsurance, adversely impacted p&amp;c net premiums written growth by $650 million.
   on october 31, 2016, we harmonized and amended several u.s. retirement programs to create a unified retirement savings program. these changes reduced benefit obligations by $496 million. net income was favorably impacted by the one-time curtailment benefit of $113 million pre-tax related to the harmonization of our u.s. pension plans, as well as a favorable recurring impact of approximately $17 million pre-tax related to harmonizing the post-retirement benefit programs. refer to the outlook section below for the expected benefit in 2017 related to the plan changes.
   the combined ratio was 88.3 percent, which included 0.4 percentage point impact for the $113 million curtailment benefit. p&amp;c combined ratio was 88.7 percent, which excludes the curtailment benefit, compared with 87.4 percent in 2015. on an "as if" basis, p&amp;c combined ratio was 88.0 percent compared with 87.5 percent in 2015.
   total pre-tax and after-tax catastrophe losses, including reinstatement premiums, were $1,060 million (4.0 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $844 million, respectively, compared with $322 million (2.1 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $272 million, respectively, in 2015.
   total pre-tax and after-tax favorable prior period development was $1,135 million (4.3 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $898 million, respectively, compared with $546 million pre-tax (3.5 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $474 million after-tax in 2015.
   net investment income was $2,865 million which is net of $393 million related to the amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets of chubb corp. excluding this amortization, net investment income was $3,258 million, compared with $2,194 million last year.
   integration expenses related to the chubb acquisition were $492 million pre-tax in 2016, and include all internal and external costs directly related to the integration activities of the chubb corp acquisition, consisting primarily of personnel-related expenses, including severance and employee retention and relocation; consulting fees; and advisor fees. chubb integration expenses were $33 million pre-tax in 2015, consisting primarily of legal and professional fees.
outlook chubb had an excellent year with many accomplishments. in 2016, we produced net income per share of $8.87 and book value per share growth of over 15 percent, despite elevated catastrophe losses and soft p&c market conditions globally. operationally, we completed the largest merger in insurance history, and managed a transformational company-wide global integration effort, all while staying focused on our core business of underwriting and servicing customers and distribution partners, and retaining our commercial and personal lines customers. we launched new products and entirely new businesses, made investments in our people, technologies, and capabilities, and began to harness the complementary strengths of the organization in cross-selling and other revenue initiatives. we achieved financial and non-financial targets, including realizing efficiencies, while remaining outward-facing in managing and growing our business in all aspects. while more work remains, we have made progress, from underwriting to claims to real estate and information technology (it), to finance and human resources, our operational integration has been detailed and all-encompassing, and we are ahead of schedule in all areas.
during the fourth quarter of 2016 we harmonized, and amended several u.s. retirement programs to create a unified retirement savings program. in 2020, we plan to transition a traditional defined benefit pension program that had been in effect for certain employees, to a defined contribution program. additionally, after 2025, we plan to eliminate a subsidized u.s. retiree healthcare plan that had been in place for certain employees, generating an expected annualized benefit of $100 million pre-tax each year for the next five years, after which time the benefit is expected to continue in a range of $50 million to $80 million, pre-tax, depending on interest rates at the time.
in 2017, the expected retiree healthcare harmonization benefit of $100 million will be recognized in losses and loss expense (approximately $25 million) and administrative expenses (approximately $75 million), thereby benefiting both underwriting income and the combined ratio.
also in 2017, we expect to recognize intangibles amortization expenses of $251 million, primarily associated with our agency distribution relationships and renewal rights established in connection with the chubb corp acquisition. this compares to $19 million of intangibles amortization expense in 2016.
(2) refer to page 56 for realized savings by segment and income statement line item.
(3) integration expenses related to savings are one-time costs that are directly attributable to the achievement of the annualized savings, including employee severance, third-party consulting fees, and systems integration expenses. other merger-related expenses are one-time costs directly attributable to the merger, including rebranding, employee retention costs and other professional and legal fees related to the acquisition. these costs are not allocated at the segment level as they are one-time in nature and are not related to the ongoing business of the segment, and therefore are reported within corporate.
the anticipated integration-related savings and integration and merger-related expenses may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. some of the assumptions that we have made, such as the achievement of operating synergies, may not be realized. refer to the risk factors under item 1a on page 18 for additional information.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements include amounts that, either by their nature or due to requirements of generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap), are determined using best estimates and assumptions. while we believe that the amounts included in our consolidated financial statements reflect our best judgment, actual amounts could ultimately materially differ from those currently presented. we believe the items that require the most subjective and complex estimates are:
   future policy benefits reserves;
   the valuation of value of business acquired (voba) and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba;
   the valuation of derivative instruments related to guaranteed living benefits (glb); and we believe our accounting policies for these items are of critical importance to our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion provides more information regarding the estimates and assumptions required to arrive at these amounts and should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled: prior period development, asbestos and environmental (a&e), reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance, investments, net realized and unrealized gains (losses), and other income and expense items.
unpaid losses and loss expenses as an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and gaap to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. at december 31, 2016, our gross unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $60.5 billion and our net unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $47.8 billion. with the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims that are discounted in statutory filings, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. in connection with such structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims, we carried net discounted reserves of $88 million and $92 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
unpaid losses and loss expenses acquired from chubb corp included an increase of $715 million to adjust the carrying value of chubb corp's historical unpaid losses and loss expenses to fair value as of the acquisition date. the estimated fair value consists of the present value of the expected net unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses payments adjusted for an estimated risk margin. the expected cash flows are discounted at a risk free rate. the estimated risk margin varies based on the inherent risks associated with each type of reserve. this adjustment will be amortized to amortization of purchased intangibles on the consolidated statements of operations over a range of 5 to 17 years based on the estimated payout pattern of the loss reserves as of the acquisition date. the remaining balance of the fair value adjustment for unpaid losses and loss expenses at december 31, 2016 is $470 million.
the estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (ibnr) at the balance sheet date. ibnr may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses). our loss reserves comprise approximately 82 percent casualty-related business, which typically encompasses long-tail risks, and other risks where a high degree of judgment is required.
the process of establishing loss reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured loss known at the date of accrual. for example, the reserves established for high excess casualty claims, asbestos and environmental claims, claims from major catastrophic events, or for our various product lines each require different assumptions and judgments to be made. necessary judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. hence, ultimate loss payments may differ from the estimate of the ultimate liabilities made at the balance sheet date. changes to our previous estimates of prior period loss reserves impact the reported calendar year underwriting results, adversely if our estimates increase and favorably if our estimates decrease. the potential for variation in loss reserve estimates is impacted by numerous factors. reserve estimates for casualty lines are particularly uncertain given the lengthy reporting patterns and corresponding need for ibnr.
case reserves for those claims reported by insureds or ceding companies to us prior to the balance sheet date and where we have sufficient information are determined by our claims personnel as appropriate based on the circumstances of the claim(s), standard claim handling practices, and professional judgment. furthermore, for our brandywine run-off operations and our assumed reinsurance operation, global reinsurance, we may adjust the case reserves as notified by the ceding company via use of an additional case reserve if the judgment of our respective claims department differs from that of the cedant.
with respect to ibnr reserves and those claims that have been incurred but not reported prior to the balance sheet date, there is, by definition, limited actual information to form the case reserve estimate and reliance is placed upon historical loss experience and actuarial methods to estimate the ultimate loss obligations and the corresponding amount of ibnr. ibnr reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate amount of losses for a product line and subtracting paid losses and case reserves for reported claims. the judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses may pertain to the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual historical data, loss development patterns, industry data, and other benchmarks as appropriate. the estimate of the required ibnr reserve also requires judgment by actuaries and management to reflect the impact of more contemporary and subjective factors, both qualitative and quantitative. among some of these factors that might be considered are changes in business mix or volume, changes in ceded reinsurance structures, changes in claims handling practices, reported and projected loss trends, inflation, the legal environment, and the terms and conditions of the contracts sold to our insured parties.
determining management's best estimate our recorded reserves represent management's best estimate of the provision for unpaid claims as of the balance sheet date and involves a process that includes collaboration with various relevant parties in the company. for information on our reserving process, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
sensitivity to underlying assumptions while we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at december 31, 2016, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. as noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. in the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. we consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption.
north america commercial p&c insurance given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percent change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $625 million, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. this represents an impact of about 8.0 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $7.7 billion.
the reserve portfolio for our chubb bermuda operations contains exposure to predominantly high excess liability coverage on an occurrence-first-reported basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $325 million and gross limits of up to $150 million) and d&o and other professional liability coverage on a claims-made basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $125 million and gross limits of up to $75 million). due to the layer of exposure covered, the expected frequency for this book is very low. as a result of the low frequency/high severity nature of the book, a small difference in the actual vs. expected claim frequency, either positive or negative, could result in a material change to the projected ultimate loss if such change in claim frequency was related to a policy where close to maximum limits were deployed.
north america personal p&c insurance due to the relatively short-tailed nature of many of the coverages involved (e.g., homeowners property damage), most of the incurred losses in personal lines are resolved within a few years of occurrence.  as shown in our loss triangle disclosure, the vast majority (over 95 percent) of personal lines net ultimate loss and allocated loss adjustment expenses are typically paid within five years of the accident date and over 80 percent within two years.  even though there are significant reserves associated with some longer-tailed exposures such as personal excess/umbrella liability, our incurred loss triangle also shows a consistent pattern of only relatively minor movements in incurred estimates over time by accident year especially after twenty four months of maturity.  while the longer-tailed exposures are subject to additional uncertainties from more protracted resolution times, the main drivers of volatility in the personal lines business are relatively short-term in nature and relate to things like natural catastrophes, non-catastrophe weather events, man-made risks, and individual large loss volatility from other fortuitous claim events.
north america agricultural insurance approximately 76 percent of the reserves for this segment are from the crop related lines, which all have short payout patterns, with the majority of the liabilities expected to be resolved in the ensuing twelve months. reserves for our multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) product are set on a case-by-case basis and our aggregate exposure is subject to state level risk sharing formulae as well as third-party reinsurance. the majority of the development risk arises out of the accuracy of case reserve estimates. we do not view our agriculture reserves as substantially influenced by the general assumptions and risks underlying more typical p&c reserve estimates.
overseas general insurance certain long-tail lines, such as casualty and professional lines, are particularly susceptible to changes in loss trend and claim inflation. heightened perceptions of tort and settlement awards around the world are increasing the demand for these products as well as contributing to the uncertainty in the reserving estimates. our reserving methods rely on loss development patterns estimated from historical data and while we attempt to adjust such factors for known changes in the current tort environment, it is possible that such factors may not entirely reflect all recent trends in tort environments. for example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and professional lines for accident years 2013 and prior by approximately $493 million. this represents an impact of 14.0 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $3.5 billion.
global reinsurance typically, there is inherent uncertainty around the length of paid and reported development patterns, especially for certain casualty lines such as excess workers' compensation or general liability, which may take up to 30 years to fully develop. this uncertainty is accentuated by the need to supplement client development patterns with industry development patterns due to the sometimes low credibility of the data. the underlying source and selection of the final development patterns can thus have a significant impact on the selected ultimate net losses and loss expenses. for example, a 20 percent shortening or lengthening of the development patterns used for u.s. long-tail lines would cause the loss reserve estimate derived by the reported bornhuetter-ferguson method for these lines to change by approximately $650 million. this represents an impact of 60 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $1.1 billion.
for our catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves.
for our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. these include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
   typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. the use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag. because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. the reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and
   the historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our insurance business in that there may be less historical information available. further, for certain coverages or products, such as excess of loss contracts, there may be relatively few expected claims in a particular year so the actual number of claims may be susceptible to significant variability. in such cases, the actuary often relies on industry data from several recognized sources.
we mitigate the above risks in several ways. in addition to routine analytical reviews of ceding company reports to ensure reported claims information appears reasonable, we perform regular underwriting and claims audits of certain ceding companies to ensure reported claims information is accurate, complete, and timely. as appropriate, audit findings are used to adjust claims in the reserving process. we also use our knowledge of the historical development of losses from individual ceding companies to adjust the level of adequacy we believe exists in the reported ceded losses.
on occasion, there will be differences between our carried loss reserves and unearned premium reserves and the amount of loss reserves and unearned premium reserves reported by the ceding companies.  this is due to the fact that we receive consistent and timely information from ceding companies only with respect to case reserves.  for ibnr, we use historical experience and other statistical information, depending on the type of business, to estimate the ultimate loss.  we estimate our unearned premium reserve by applying estimated earning patterns to net premiums written for each treaty based upon that treaty's coverage basis (i.e., risks attaching or losses occurring).  at december 31, 2016, the case reserves reported to us by our ceding companies were $745 million, compared with the $760 million we recorded.  our policy is to post additional case reserves in addition to the amounts reported by our cedants when our evaluation of the ultimate value of a reported claim is different than the evaluation of that claim by our cedant.
within corporate, we also have exposure to certain liability reinsurance lines that have been in run-off since 1994. unpaid losses and loss expenses relating to this run-off reinsurance business resides within the brandywine division of corporate. most of the remaining unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for the run-off reinsurance business relate to a&e claims. refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section for additional information.
asbestos and environmental reserves included in our liabilities for losses and loss expenses are amounts for a&e (a&e liabilities). the a&e liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. the estimation of our a&e liabilities is particularly sensitive to future changes in the legal, social, and economic environment. we have not assumed any such future changes in setting the value of our a&e liabilities, which include provisions for both reported and ibnr claims.
there are many complex variables that we consider when estimating the reserves for our inventory of asbestos accounts and these variables may directly impact the predicted outcome. we believe the most significant variables relating to our a&e liabilities include the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to unaggregated coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and, the potential liability of peripheral defendants. based on the policies, the facts, the law, and a careful analysis of the impact that these factors will likely have on any given account, we estimate the potential liability for indemnity, policyholder defense costs, and coverage litigation expense.
the results in asbestos cases announced by other carriers or defendants may well have little or no relevance to us because coverage exposures are highly dependent upon the specific facts of individual coverage and resolution status of disputes among carriers, policyholders, and claimants.
for additional information refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section and to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
future policy benefits reserves we issue contracts in our overseas general insurance and life insurance segments that are classified as long-duration. these contracts generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. in accordance with gaap, we establish reserves for contracts determined to be long-duration based on approved actuarial methods that include assumptions related to expenses, mortality, morbidity, persistency, and investment yields with a factor for adverse deviation. these assumptions are "locked in" at the inception of the contract, meaning we use our original assumptions throughout the life of the policy and do not subsequently modify them unless we deem the reserves to be inadequate. the future policy benefits reserves balance is regularly evaluated for a premium deficiency. if experience is less favorable than assumptions, additional liabilities may be required, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims.
valuation of value of business acquired (voba), and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba as part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an intangible asset related to voba, which represented the fair value of the future profits of the in-force contracts. the valuation of voba at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves. the most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows. we amortize deferred policy acquisition costs associated with long-duration contracts and voba (collectively policy acquisition costs) over the estimated life of the contracts, generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used in estimating the liability for future policy benefits. for non-traditional long-duration contracts, we amortize policy acquisition costs over the expected life of the contracts in proportion to estimates of expected gross profits. the estimated life is established at the inception of the contracts or upon acquisition and is based on current persistency assumptions. policy acquisition costs, which consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs related directly to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract, are reviewed to determine if they are recoverable from future income, including investment income. unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified.
risk transfer in the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. we discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. for both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. if risk transfer requirements are not met, a contract is to be accounted for as a deposit, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. to meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. we also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment.
reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. for such contracts, often referred to as finite or structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically assessed for each contract by developing expected cash flow analyses at contract inception. to support risk transfer, the cash flow analyses must demonstrate that a significant loss is reasonably possible, such as a scenario in which the ratio of the net present value of losses divided by the net present value of premiums equals or exceeds 110 percent. for purposes of cash flow analyses, we generally use a risk-free rate of return consistent with the expected average duration of loss payments. in addition, to support insurance risk, we must prove the reinsurer's risk of loss varies with that of the reinsured and/or support various scenarios under which the assuming entity can recognize a significant loss.
to ensure risk transfer requirements are routinely assessed, qualitative and quantitative risk transfer analyses and memoranda supporting risk transfer are developed by underwriters for all structured products. we have established protocols for structured products that include criteria triggering an accounting review of the contract prior to quoting. if any criterion is triggered, a contract must be reviewed by a committee established by each of our segments with reporting oversight, including peer review, from our global structured transaction review committee.
with respect to ceded reinsurance, we entered into a few multi-year excess of loss retrospectively-rated contracts, principally in 2002. these contracts primarily provided severity protection for specific product divisions. because traditional one-year reinsurance coverage had become relatively costly, these contracts were generally entered into in order to secure a more cost-effective reinsurance program. all of these contracts transferred risk and were accounted for as reinsurance. in addition, we maintain a few aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contracts that were principally entered into prior to 2003, such as the national indemnity company (nico) contracts referred to in the section entitled, "asbestos and environmental (a&e)". we have not purchased any other retroactive ceded reinsurance contracts since 1999.
with respect to assumed reinsurance and insurance contracts, products giving rise to judgments regarding risk transfer were primarily sold by our financial solutions business. although we have significantly curtailed writing financial solutions business, several contracts remain in-force and principally include multi-year retrospectively-rated contracts and loss portfolio transfers. because transfer of insurance risk is generally a primary client motivation for purchasing these products, relatively few insurance and reinsurance contracts have historically been written for which we concluded that risk transfer criteria had not been met. for certain insurance contracts that have been reported as deposits, the insured desired to self-insure a risk but was required, legally or otherwise, to purchase insurance so that claimants would be protected by a licensed insurance company in the event of non-payment from the insured.
reinsurance recoverable reinsurance recoverable includes balances due to us from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and is presented net of a provision for uncollectible reinsurance. the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is determined based upon a review of the financial condition of the reinsurers and other factors. ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve our primary obligation to our policyholders. consequently, an exposure exists with respect to reinsurance recoverable to the extent that any reinsurer is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities assumed under the reinsurance contracts. we determine the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses using actuarial estimates as well as a determination of our ability to cede unpaid losses and loss expenses under existing reinsurance contracts.
the recognition of a reinsurance recoverable asset requires two key judgments. the first judgment involves our estimation based on the amount of gross reserves and the percentage of that amount which may be ceded to reinsurers. ceded ibnr, which is a major component of the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses, is generally developed as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, its estimation is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimation of gross ibnr (refer to "critical accounting estimates - unpaid losses and loss expenses"). the second judgment involves our estimate of the amount of the reinsurance recoverable balance that we may ultimately be unable to recover from reinsurers due to insolvency, contractual dispute, or for other reasons. estimated uncollectible amounts are reflected in a provision that reduces the reinsurance recoverable asset and, in turn, shareholders' equity. changes in the provision for uncollectible reinsurance are reflected in net income.
although the obligation of individual reinsurers to pay their reinsurance obligations is based on specific contract provisions, the collectability of such amounts requires estimation by management. the majority of the recoverable balance will not be due for collection until sometime in the future, and the duration of our recoverables may be longer than the duration of our direct exposures. over this period of time, economic conditions and operational performance of a particular reinsurer may impact their ability to meet these obligations and while they may continue to acknowledge their contractual obligation to do so, they may not have the financial resources or willingness to fully meet their obligation to us.
to estimate the provision for uncollectible reinsurance, the reinsurance recoverable must first be determined for each reinsurer. this determination is based on a process rather than an estimate, although an element of judgment must be applied. as part of the process, ceded ibnr is allocated to reinsurance contracts because ceded ibnr is not generally calculated on a contract by contract basis. the allocations are generally based on premiums ceded under reinsurance contracts, adjusted for actual loss experience and historical relationships between gross and ceded losses. if actual premium and loss experience vary materially from historical experience, the allocation of reinsurance recoverable by reinsurer will be reviewed and may change. while such change is unlikely to result in a large percentage change in the provision for uncollectible reinsurance, it could, nevertheless, have a material effect on our net income in the period recorded.
generally, we use a default analysis to estimate uncollectible reinsurance. the primary components of the default analysis are reinsurance recoverable balances by reinsurer, net of collateral, and default factors used to estimate the probability that the reinsurer may be unable to meet its future obligations in full. the definition of collateral for this purpose requires some judgment and is generally limited to assets held in a chubb-only beneficiary trust, letters of credit, and liabilities held by us with the same legal entity for which we believe there is a right of offset. we do not currently include multi-beneficiary trusts. however, we have several reinsurers that have established multi-beneficiary trusts for which certain of our companies are beneficiaries. the determination of the default factor is principally based on the financial strength rating of the reinsurer and a corresponding default factor applicable to the financial strength rating. default factors require considerable judgment and are determined using the current financial strength rating, or rating equivalent, of each reinsurer as well as other key considerations and assumptions. significant considerations and assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
   for reinsurers that maintain a financial strength rating from a major rating agency, and for which recoverable balances are considered representative of the larger population (i.e., default probabilities are consistent with similarly rated reinsurers and payment durations conform to averages), the judgment exercised by management to determine the provision for uncollectible reinsurance of each reinsurer is typically limited because the financial rating is based on a published source and the default factor we apply is based on a historical default factor of a major rating agency applicable to the particular rating class. default factors applied for financial ratings of aaa, aa, a, bbb, bb, b, and ccc, are 0.8 percent, 1.2 percent, 1.7 percent, 4.9 percent, 19.6 percent, 34.0 percent, and 62.2 percent, respectively. because our model is predicated on the historical default factors of a major rating agency, we do not generally consider alternative factors. however, when a recoverable is expected to be paid in a brief period of time by a highly-rated reinsurer, such as certain property catastrophe claims, a default factor may not be applied;
   for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are both unrated by a major rating agency and for which management is unable to determine a credible rating equivalent based on a parent or affiliated company, we may determine a rating equivalent based on our analysis of the reinsurer that considers an assessment of the creditworthiness of the particular entity, industry benchmarks, or other factors as considered appropriate. we then apply the applicable default factor for that rating class. for balances recoverable from unrated reinsurers for which our ceded reserve is below a certain threshold, we generally apply a default factor of 34.0 percent;
   for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are either insolvent or under regulatory supervision, we establish a default factor and resulting provision for uncollectible reinsurance based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding each company. upon initial notification of an insolvency, we generally recognize expense for a substantial portion of all balances outstanding, net of collateral, through a combination of write-offs of recoverable balances and increases to the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. when regulatory action is taken on a reinsurer, we generally recognize a default factor by estimating an expected recovery on all balances outstanding, net of collateral. when sufficient credible information becomes available, we adjust the provision for uncollectible reinsurance by establishing a default factor pursuant to information received; and type reinsurers with credit ratings                                                                                    $10,073                                                                                  $8,944         $153
at december 31, 2016, the use of different assumptions within our approach could have a material effect on the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. to the extent the creditworthiness of our reinsurers were to deteriorate due to an adverse event affecting the reinsurance industry, such as a large number of major catastrophes, actual uncollectible amounts could be significantly greater than our provision for uncollectible reinsurance. such an event could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible provision, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. however, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at december 31, 2016, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (i.e., from a to a- or a- to bbb+) could increase our provision for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $68 million or approximately 0.5 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. while a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our provision for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
each quarter, we review securities in an unrealized loss position (impaired securities), including fixed maturities, securities lending collateral, equity securities, and other investments, to identify impaired securities to be specifically evaluated for a potential otti. because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets, otti could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. refer to note 3 c) to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the otti process.
deferred taxes many of our insurance businesses operate in income tax-paying jurisdictions. our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities.  we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. the realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction.
at december 31, 2016, our net deferred tax liability was $988 million. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. at each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  the valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income from each tax-paying component in each tax jurisdiction, principally derived from business plans and available tax planning strategies.  projections of future taxable income incorporate several assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. the valuation allowance is also based on maintaining our ability and intent to hold our u.s. available for sale fixed maturities to recovery. if our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income for each tax-paying component prove to be incorrect, or future market events occur that prevent our ability to hold our u.s. fixed maturities to recovery, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.  at december 31, 2016, the valuation allowance of
$78 million reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized due to the potential inability of certain foreign subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income.
fair value measurements accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (level 3 inputs). level 2 includes inputs, other than quoted prices within level 1, that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. refer to note 4 and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for information on our fair value measurements.
assumed reinsurance programs involving minimum benefit guarantees under variable annuity contracts chubb reinsures various death and living benefit guarantees associated with variable annuities issued primarily in the united states and japan. we ceased writing this business in 2007. guarantees which are payable on death are referred to as guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb). guarantees on living benefits (glb) includes guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib) and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (gmab). for further description of this product and related accounting treatment, refer to note 1 j) to the consolidated financial statements.
guaranteed living benefits (glb) derivatives our glb reinsurance is classified as a derivative for accounting purposes and therefore carried at fair value. we believe that the most meaningful presentation of these glb derivatives is as follows:
   estimates of the average modeled value of future cash outflows is recorded as incurred losses (i.e., benefit reserves). cash inflows or revenue are reported as net premiums earned and changes in the benefit reserves are reflected as policy benefits expense in the consolidated statements of operations, which is included in underwriting income.
   the incremental difference between the fair value of glb reinsurance contracts and benefit reserves is reflected in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and related changes in fair value are reflected in net realized gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations.
determination of glb fair value the fair value of glb reinsurance is estimated using an internal valuation model, which includes current market information and estimates of policyholder behavior from the perspective of a theoretical market participant that would assume these liabilities. all of our treaties contain claim limits, which are factored into the valuation model. the fair value depends on a number of factors, including interest rates, equity markets, credit risk, current account value, market volatility, expected annuitization rates and other policyholder behavior, and changes in policyholder mortality. the model and related assumptions are regularly re-evaluated by management and enhanced, as appropriate, based upon additional experience obtained related to policyholder behavior and availability of more timely market information. due to the inherent uncertainties of the assumptions used in the valuation models to determine the fair value of these derivative products, actual experience may differ materially from the estimates reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
we intend to hold these derivative contracts to maturity (i.e., the expiration of the underlying liabilities through lapse, annuitization, death, or expiration of the reinsurance contract). to partially offset the risk of changes in the fair value of glb reinsurance contracts, we invest in derivative hedge instruments. at maturity, the cumulative realized gains and losses (excluding cumulative hedge gains or losses) from fair value changes of glb reinsurance contracts will net to zero because, over time, the insurance liability will be increased or decreased to equal our obligation.
determination of glb and guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) benefit reserves management established benefit reserves based on a long-term benefit ratio (or loss ratio) calculated using assumptions reflecting management's best estimate of the future short-term and long-term performance of the variable annuity line of business. despite the long-term nature of the risk, the benefit ratio calculation is impacted by short-term market movements that may be judged by management to be transient. management regularly examines both qualitative and quantitative analysis, including a review of the differential between the benefit ratio used at the most recent valuation date and the benefit ratio calculated on subsequent dates. management regularly evaluates its estimates and uses judgment to determine the extent to which assumptions underlying the benefit ratio calculation should be adjusted. as part of that evaluation, during the fourth quarter of 2016, management determined that certain assumptions underlying the long-term benefit ratio, primarily long-term interest rates, should be updated based on changes in expected future market conditions. our current long term benefit ratio is now 80 percent. this adjustment resulted in a charge to policy benefits expense of $17 million. since we carry the overall gmib reserves at fair value, there was a realized gain recognized that offset this expense. on an annualized basis, we expect a similar incremental impact to policy benefits expense of approximately $60 million in 2017 as we apply these updated assumptions to our expected future earned premium with an offsetting impact to realized gains.
for further information on the estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of glb reinsurance, refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. for a sensitivity discussion of the effect of changes in interest rates, equity indices, and other assumptions on the fair value of glbs, and the estimated resulting impact on our net income, refer to item 7a.
risk management we employ a strategy to manage the financial market and policyholder behavior risks embedded in the reinsurance of variable annuity (va) guarantees. risk management begins with underwriting a prospective client and guarantee design, with particular focus on protecting our position from policyholder options that, because of anti-selective behavior, could adversely impact our obligation.
a second layer of risk management is the structure of the reinsurance contracts. all va guarantee reinsurance contracts include some form of annual or aggregate claim limit(s). for example, for 60 percent of the gmdb portfolio (based on guaranteed value), there is an annual claim limit of 2 percent of account value. the different categories of claim limits are as follows:
reinsurance program covering                                                                                                 % of total guaranteed value (gv)   % of gv that has additional reinsurance coverage   additional terms gmdb with an annual claim limit of 2% of account value (av)                                                                                 60% of total gmdb                                         2% for glb   n/a gmdb with claim limit(s) that are a function of underlying gv (varies from 0.4% to 2.0% of gv)                                              30% of total gmdb                                        80% for glb    55% of gv subject to annual claim deductibles(1) of 0.1% to 0.2% of gv 40% of gv subject to an aggregate claim limitof approximately $385 million gmdb and gmab                                                                                                                                 5% of total glb                                                n/a    programs are quota-share (qs) agreementswith qs % decreasing as ratio of av to gvdecreases:- qs 100% for ratios between 100% - 75%- qs 60% for ratios between 75% - 45%- qs 30% for ratios less than 45% 35% of gv subject to a per policy claim deductible of 8.8% of gv for gmab only(1)
10% of total gmdb gmib with an annual claim limit of 10% of gv on over 95% of gv                                                                               65% of total glb                                       45% for gmdb    annual annuitization limit range 17.5% - 30%:- 55% subject to limit of 30%- 45% subject to limit of 20% or under 43% of gv subject to minimum annuity conversion factors that limits exposure to low interest rates gmib with an aggregate claim limit of $2.0 billion                                                                                           30% of total glb                                       35% for gmdb    annual annuitization limit of 20% 65% of gv subject to minimum annuity conversion factors that limit exposure to lowinterest rates 40% of gv subject to an aggregate claimdeductible of 2% of underlying annuity deposits a third layer of risk management is the hedging strategy which looks to mitigate both long-term economic loss over time as well as dampen income statement volatility. we owned financial market instruments as part of the hedging strategy with a fair value asset (liability) of $1 million and $(4) million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the instruments are substantially collateralized by our counterparties, on a daily basis.
we also limit the aggregate amount of variable annuity reinsurance guarantee risk we are willing to assume. the last substantive transactions were quoted in late 2007. the aggregate number of policyholders is currently decreasing through policyholder withdrawals, annuitizations, and deaths at a rate of 5 percent to 15 percent per annum.
note that glb claims cannot occur for any reinsured policy until it has reached the end of its "waiting period". as shown in the table below, 62 percent of the policies we reinsure reached the end of their "waiting periods" in 2016 and prior.
year of first payment eligibility   percent of living benefitaccount values the following table presents the historical cash flows under these policies for the periods indicated. the amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid, split by benefit type.
collateral chubb holds collateral on behalf of most of its clients in the form of qualified assets in trust or letters of credit, typically in an amount sufficient for the client to obtain statutory reserve credit for the reinsurance.  the timing of the calculation and amount of the collateral varies by client according to the particulars of the reinsurance treaty and the statutory reserve guidelines of the client's domicile.
goodwill impairment assessment goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $15.3 billion and $4.8 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. during 2016, our goodwill balance increased reflecting the chubb corp acquisition. goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at the time of acquisition. our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. for goodwill balances by reporting units, including information on the assignment of the goodwill related to the chubb corp acquisition by reporting units, refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. impairment is tested at the reporting unit level. the impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. if a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a quantitative analysis is then used. the quantitative analysis is a two-step process in which an initial assessment for potential impairment is performed and, if a potential impairment is present, the amount of impairment is measured and recorded.
in assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including:
   estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates.
if our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken.
based on our impairment testing for 2016, we determined no impairment was required and none of our reporting units were at risk for impairment.
net premiums written (1)                                  $28,145             $17,713             $17,799                     58.9    %                 (0.5   )%
policy benefits                                               588                 543                 517                      8.3    %                  5.0    %
policy acquisition costs                                    5,904               2,941               3,075                    100.7    %                 (4.4   )%
(1)   on a constant-dollar basis for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, net premiums written increased $10.8 billion and $860 million, respectively, and net premiums earned increased $11.9 billion and $714 million, respectively. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
net premiums written net premiums written reflect the premiums we retain after purchasing reinsurance protection. consolidated net premiums written increased $10.4 billion in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition, which added about $10.8 billion of growth to premiums. this increase in premiums was partially offset by the adverse impact of foreign exchange of $367 million. on a constant-dollar basis, as if legacy ace and legacy chubb were one company in 2015 and since the beginning of 2016 ("as if" basis), net premiums written decreased $843 million in 2016, primarily driven by merger-related underwriting actions ($650 million), including the purchase of additional reinsurance.
   net premiums written in our north america commercial p&amp;c insurance segment increased $6,025 million in 2016. on an "as if" basis, net premiums written decreased $355 million in 2016, principally due to merger-related underwriting actions ($241 million), including the purchase of additional reinsurance. in addition, net premiums decreased due to lower new business written, driven by competitive market conditions and rate declines.
   net premiums written in our north america personal p&amp;c insurance segment increased $2,961 million in 2016. on an "as if" basis, net premiums written decreased $509 million in 2016, principally driven by the purchase of additional reinsurance ($273 million) primarily for our homeowners and large limit valuable articles business written in the northeast united states. in addition, we experienced a decline in our fireman's fund high net worth personal lines business in 2016 ($298 million), primarily reflecting a benefit in the prior year from a non-recurring unearned premium reserves (upr) transfer ($252 million) and the conversion to chubb legal entities in the current year. excluding these items, net premiums written were up 1.3 percent in 2016.
   net premiums written in our overseas general insurance segment increased $1,490 million in 2016, and increased $95 million, on an "as if" constant-dollar basis, primarily driven by growth in personal lines, property and casualty lines (p&amp;c), and a&amp;h lines. this increase was partially offset by declines in our business written by chubb global markets and by merger-related underwriting actions ($119 million), including the purchase of additional reinsurance.
   net premiums written in our life insurance segment increased $126 million in 2016 and increased $32 million on an "as if" basis. growth in our international life operations and in our combined insurance supplemental a&amp;h program business was partially offset by the adverse effect of foreign exchange. our life reinsurance business continues to decline as there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written. on a constant-dollar basis, production, which includes deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts of $1,006 million in 2016 and $997 million in 2015, increased 6.0 percent.
   net premiums written in our north america agricultural insurance segment decreased $18 million in 2016, primarily due to the revision to the 2016 crop year margin estimate related to the mpci program, which resulted in lower premium retention under the premium sharing formula with the u.s. government. this decrease was partially offset by lower cessions under existing third-party proportional reinsurance programs.
   net premiums written in our global reinsurance segment decreased $152 million in 2016 and decreased $161 million on an "as if" basis, as we maintained underwriting discipline in an environment of declining rates and increasing competition. in addition, the decline in premiums reflects increased cessions of $17 million due to the purchase of additional property catastrophe reinsurance in 2016.
consolidated net premiums written decreased $86 million in 2015. on a constant-dollar basis, net premiums written increased $860 million.
   net premiums written in our north america commercial p&amp;c insurance segment increased $30 million in 2015 due to growth in our global risk management lines, professional lines, wholesale casualty business, and small specialty division. these increases were partially offset by declines in our property and casualty businesses reflecting a more competitive market and rate decreases. net premiums written in 2014 were favorably impacted by lower excess of loss premiums ceded under our 2014 catastrophe reinsurance program ($32 million).
   net premiums written in our north america personal p&amp;c insurance segment increased $614 million in 2015 primarily due to the fireman's fund acquisition which added $561 million to premiums (including a non-recurring upr transfer of $252 million recognized as written premiums at the acquisition date).
   net premiums written in our overseas general insurance segment increased $441 million in constant dollars reflecting organic growth across most operations. included in the increase in net premiums written were contributions from the acquisition of itau seguros in october 2014 and samaggi in april 2014 which added $273 million of growth to premiums in constant dollars.
   net premiums written in our life insurance segment increased $71 million in constant dollars due to new business growth in our supplemental a&amp;h businesses and our international life business, primarily in asia, tempered by a decline in our variable annuity reinsurance business, as there is currently no new business being written.
   net premiums written in our global reinsurance segment decreased $85 million in constant dollars primarily due to lower production from competitive market conditions. the decline was partially offset by new business written, primarily in our u.s. automobile business.
   net premiums written in our north america agricultural insurance segment decreased $244 million in 2015 due to lower commodity base prices and lower premium retention as a result of the premium-sharing formulas with the u.s. government.
line of business the following table presents a breakdown of consolidated net premiums written by line of business for the years indicated:
professional liability                                      3,576           1,516           1,519           3,712                 3,850                 (3.6   )%
(2)   commercial multiple peril represents retail package business (property and general liability).
(3)   for purposes of this schedule only, a&amp;h results from our combined north america and international businesses, normally included in the life insurance and overseas general insurance segments, respectively, as well as the a&amp;h results of our north america commercial p&amp;c segment, are included in the global a&amp;h line item above.
total commercial p&c increased $6,726 million in 2016, primarily reflecting the chubb corp acquisition.  on a constant-dollar "as if" basis, total commercial p&c premiums decreased $378 million (2.3 percent), primarily driven by merger-related underwriting actions ($321 million), including the purchase of additional reinsurance in 2016.
total personal lines increased $3,362 million in 2016, primarily reflecting the chubb corp acquisition.  on a constant-dollar "as if" basis, total personal lines growth decreased $406 million (6.4 percent), primarily driven by the purchase of additional reinsurance and other merger-related underwriting actions ($277 million), primarily for our homeowners business written in the northeast united states.
global a&h lines increased $422 million in 2016, primarily reflecting the chubb corp acquisition. on a constant-dollar "as if" basis, global a&h lines increased $74 million (1.9 percent), growth was partially offset by merger-related underwriting actions ($35 million).
reinsurance lines decreased $152 million in 2016, or $147 million (17.4 percent) on a constant dollar "as if" basis, as we maintained underwriting discipline in an environment of declining rates, and due to increased cessions reflecting the purchase of additional property catastrophe reinsurance in 2016 ($17 million).
net premiums earned for short-duration contracts, typically p&c contracts, generally reflect the portion of net premiums written that were recorded as revenues for the period as the exposure periods expire.  net premiums earned for long-duration contracts, typically traditional life contracts, generally are recognized as earned when due from policyholders. net premiums earned increased $11.5 billion in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added about $11.8 billion of growth to premiums, partially offset by the adverse impact of foreign currency of $328 million. on a constant-dollar basis, net premiums earned increased $11.9 billion in 2016.
on an "as if" constant-dollar basis, net premiums earned decreased $135 million in 2016, primarily in our global reinsurance, north america commercial p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, and north america personal p&c insurance segments due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written, as described above. net premiums earned in our overseas general insurance and life insurance segments increased due to the same factors driving the increase in net premiums written, as described above.
net premiums earned decreased $213 million in 2015, primarily reflecting the adverse impact of foreign exchange. on a constant-dollar basis, net premiums earned increased $714 million in 2015 due to the same factors driving the increase in net premiums written as described above.
combined ratio in evaluating our segments excluding life, we use the p&c combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio (including the impact of realized gains and losses on crop derivatives for the north america agricultural insurance segment), the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. we calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. we do not calculate these ratios for the life segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage that segment. the p&c combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. a p&c combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income, and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss.
the following table presents the components of the combined ratio, as well as a reconciliation of combined ratio to p&c combined ratio. the p&c combined ratio includes the impact of realized gains and losses on crop derivatives and the one-time pension curtailment benefit. the crop derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing will impact underwriting results. we view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations. the one-time pension curtailment benefit is related to the amendment of our u.s. pension plans as part of a harmonization effort that moves us toward a more unified retirement savings approach.
policy acquisition cost ratio                      20.2   %      16.1   %        16.8    %
impact of pension curtailment benefit (1)           0.4   %         -               -
(1) the $113 million pension curtailment benefit comprised $23 million in losses and loss expenses, and $90 million in administrative expenses.
   2015: severe weather-related events in the u.s. and asia, a chemical storage facility explosion in tianjin, china, a hailstorm in australia, and flooding and an earthquake in chile the following table presents the impact of catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums and prior period reserve development on our consolidated loss and loss expense ratio. the loss ratio numerator includes losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and ppd. the loss ratio denominator includes net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. in periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from ppd and net earned premiums when calculating this ratio. we believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and ppd provides a better evaluation of our underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
loss and loss expense ratio, including gains and losses on crop derivatives and excluding pension curtailment benefit   57.8   %         58.2    %        58.3    %
the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio decreased 1.6 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the net favorable impact of the chubb corp acquisition which experienced a relatively lower loss ratio in our north america p&c businesses but experienced a higher loss ratio in our international business. the current year also included claims handling expense savings realized in connection with the integration of chubb corp of $60 million (0.2 percentage points).
policy acquisition costs consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs directly related to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract. our policy acquisition cost ratio increased 4.1 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business which carried a higher acquisition cost ratio (2.1 percentage points) and due to the net unfavorable impact of purchase accounting adjustments (1.4 percentage points) related to the chubb corp acquisition in the current year and the fireman's fund acquisition in the prior year. in addition, during 2016, we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as administrative expenses were more appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. this resulted in a $290 million (1.1 percentage points) increase to policy acquisition costs, with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses in 2016.
on an "as if" basis, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.3 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the impact of the fireman's fund acquisition in 2015 which favorably impacted the prior year ratio by 0.4 percentage points.
our administrative expense ratio decreased 2.7 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition of $223 million (0.8 percentage points), the $290 million (1.1 percentage points) reclassification of underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business, as discussed above, and the one-time pension curtailment benefit of $90 million (0.3 percentage points) related to the amendment of our u.s. pension plan as part of a harmonization effort that moves us toward a more unified retirement savings approach.
on an "as if" basis, our administrative expense ratio decreased 0.5 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition and the one-time pension curtailment benefit, as discussed above, partially offset by increased spending to support growth initiatives.
our policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.7 percentage points in 2015, due to the fireman's fund purchase accounting adjustments, as described above.
our administrative expense ratio increased 0.5 percentage points in 2015, primarily due to increased spending to support growth, and the integration costs associated with the fireman's fund acquisition.
policy benefits policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. policy benefits also include gains and losses for changes in liabilities associated with our separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap. certain of our long duration contracts are supported by assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap. these assets are classified as trading securities and reported in other investments and the offsetting liabilities are reported in future policy benefits in the consolidated balance sheets. changes in fair value of separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap are reported in other income (expense) and the offsetting movements in the liabilities are included in the policy benefits in the consolidated statements of operations.
in 2016, policy benefits were $588 million, which included $11 million of separate account liabilities losses, compared to $543 million and $517 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, which included gains of $19 million and losses of $2 million, respectively, related to separate account liabilities. the offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statement of operations. excluding the separate account gains and losses, policy benefits were $577 million in 2016, compared with $562 million and $515 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in 2016 is due to the increase in the long-term benefit ratio in our variable annuity reinsurance business.
integration savings the following table presents consolidated integration related savings realized by segment and income statement line item for the year ended december 31, 2016:
policy acquisition costs                                                      19                                                6                                 12      -                          -                      -                              37
effective income tax rate our effective income tax rate, which we calculate as income tax expense divided by income before income tax, is dependent upon the mix of earnings from different jurisdictions with various tax rates. a change in the geographic mix of earnings would change the effective income tax rate.
in 2016, 2015, and 2014, our effective income tax rate was 16.5 percent, 14.0 percent, and 18.2 percent, respectively. the increase in the effective income tax rate in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to realized losses being generated in lower taxing jurisdictions and realized gains being generated in higher taxing jurisdictions in 2016, compared to net realized losses in both higher and lower taxing jurisdictions in 2015. additionally, a higher percentage of profit excluding realized gains and losses were generated in higher taxing jurisdictions in 2016, largely driven by earnings generated as a result of the chubb corp acquisition. the decrease in the effective income tax rate in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to a $115 million change to deferred tax assets in 2014 that resulted from the decline in the book value of certain foreign subsidiaries, related to unrealized foreign exchange losses.
with 69 percent and 66 percent in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the significant lower taxing jurisdictions outside of the u.s. include the u.k., switzerland, and bermuda with effective federal income tax rates in those countries of 20.0 percent, 7.83 percent, and 0.0 percent, respectively. in addition, as part of the chubb corp acquisition, we have an intercompany loan that decreased our income tax expense by $87 million in 2016.
prior period development the following table summarizes (favorable) and adverse prior period development (ppd) by segments. long-tail lines include lines such as workers' compensation, general liability, and professional liability; while short-tail lines include lines such as most property lines, energy, personal accident, aviation, marine (including associated liability-related exposures) and agriculture.
(1) calculated based on the beginning of period consolidated net unpaid losses and loss expenses. for 2016, the percent of beginning net unpaid reserves is calculated inclusive of the net unpaid losses and loss expenses acquired in the chubb corp acquisition of $21.4 billion.
effective the first quarter of 2016, reflecting our significantly larger and expanded operations, subsequent to the chubb corp acquisition, we implemented organizational changes that resulted in new business segments. we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. we have also redefined corporate to include all run-off asbestos and environmental (a&e) exposures, the results of run-off brandywine business, the results of westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years and certain other run-off exposures. prior period amounts contained in this report have been adjusted to conform to the new segment presentation.
net premiums written                                      $11,740              $5,715              $5,685                    105.4    %                  0.5    %
policy acquisition costs                                    2,023                 531                 518                    281.0    %                  2.5    %
underwriting income                                         1,630                 821                 954                     98.5    %                (13.9   )%
policy acquisition cost ratio                                16.6   %             9.4   %             9.3   %
net premiums written increased $6,025 million in 2016 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added about $5.9 billion in premiums to this segment.
on an "as if" basis, net premiums written declined $355 million in 2016, principally reflecting merger-related underwriting actions ($241 million) including the purchase of additional reinsurance which decreased premiums, and lower new business written, driven by competitive market conditions and rate declines, particularly in our property and financial lines. partially offsetting the decline was growth in our global risk management and workers' compensation lines reflecting new business and strong renewal retention.
net premiums earned increased $6,583 million in 2016 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added about $6.5 billion in earned premiums. on an "as if" basis, net premiums earned decreased $59 million primarily due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above, partially offset by the earning in of prior year premium growth.
net premiums written increased $30 million in 2015 due to growth in our global risk management and financial lines reflecting solid renewal retention and new business. our wholesale casualty business grew and our small specialty division grew due to higher new business reflecting increased submission activity and the introduction of new products, as well as strong premium renewal retention. these increases were partially offset by declines in our property and casualty businesses reflecting a more competitive market and rate decreases. net premiums written in 2014 were favorably impacted by lower excess of loss premiums ceded under our 2014 catastrophe reinsurance program ($32 million). foreign exchange adversely impacted growth by $34 million (0.6 percentage points).
net premiums earned increased $87 million in 2015 primarily due to the increase in net premiums written as described above.
the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio decreased 4.5 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business, which experienced a lower loss ratio. on an "as if" basis, the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio increased 0.8 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to lower non-catastrophe losses in the prior year, partially offset by integration related claims handling expense savings realized of $34 million (0.3 percentage points).
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 7.2 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business which carried a higher acquisition cost ratio and due to the normal impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition. in addition, during 2016, we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as administrative expenses were more appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. excluding these items, the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.4 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to integration related savings realized.
the normal impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition includes a fair value adjustment for the unearned premiums at the date of the purchase. this adjustment is then amortized into policy acquisition costs. partially offsetting this is a favorable impact related to the recognition of the acquired unearned premiums without having to recognize the associated policy acquisition costs. the net impact of these purchase accounting adjustments was an increase to policy acquisition costs of $130 million (1.1 percentage points) in 2016, which will not recur in 2017. in addition, the reclassification described above resulted in a $129 million (1.1 percentage points of the ratio) increase to policy acquisition costs in 2016 with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses.
on an "as if" basis, which excludes purchase accounting adjustments, the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.4 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to integration related savings realized as described above.
the policy acquisition ratio and the administrative expense ratio both remained relatively flat in 2015.
north america personal p&c insurance the north america personal p&c insurance segment is the business written by the north america personal risk services, which comprises chubb high net worth personal lines business and ace private risk services, which includes operations in the u.s. and canada.
net premiums written                                       $4,153              $1,192              $578                    248.4    %                106.4    %
policy acquisition costs                                      966                  69               116                       nm                     (40.5   )%
underwriting income                                           432                 166                 2                    160.2    %                   nm net investment income                                         207                  25                22                       nm                      13.6    %
policy acquisition cost ratio                                22.4   %             7.3   %          20.8   %
net premiums written increased $2,961 million in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added about $3.3 billion in premiums to this segment.
on an "as if" basis, net premiums written decreased $509 million due to the purchase of additional reinsurance in 2016 ($273 million), primarily for our homeowners and large limit valuable articles business written in the northeast united states. in addition, we experienced a decline in our fireman's fund high net worth personal lines business in 2016 ($298 million) primarily reflecting a benefit in the prior year from a non-recurring unearned premium reserves (upr) transfer ($252 million), and the conversion to chubb legal entities in the current year. excluding these items, net premiums written were up 1.3 percent in 2016, due to growth in our chubb high net worth business, primarily within our homeowner lines, driven by strong renewal premium retention, rate and exposure increases.
net premiums earned increased $3,371 million in 2016 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition. on an "as if" basis, net premiums earned decreased slightly in 2016.
net premiums written increased $614 million in 2015 primarily due to the fireman's fund acquisition which added $561 million to premiums (including a non-recurring upr transfer of $252 million recognized as written premiums at the acquisition date). excluding the fireman's fund acquisition, net premiums written increased 9.1 percent. underwriting income in 2015 included a benefit of $100 million related to the initial upr transfer as unearned premiums at the date of the transfer are recognized over the remaining coverage period with no associated expense for the historical acquisition costs as these historical acquisition costs are eliminated in purchase accounting.
net premiums earned increased $388 million in 2015 primarily due to the factors driving the increase in net premiums written as described above.
the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio decreased 1.9 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business, which experienced a lower loss ratio. on an "as if" basis, the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio decreased 0.8 percentage points reflecting lower non-catastrophe weather related losses and integration related claims handling expense savings of $15 million (0.3 percentage points).
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 15.1 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the net unfavorable impact of purchase accounting adjustments (12.5 percentage points) related to the chubb corp acquisition in the current year, which will not recur in 2017, and the fireman's fund acquisition in the prior year and due to the addition of the chubb corp business which carried a higher acquisition cost ratio (2.7 percentage points).
on an "as if" basis, which excludes purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to our fireman's fund acquisition in the prior year which favorably impacted the prior year policy acquisition cost ratio by $100 million (2.2 percentage points). this increase was partially offset by the favorable impact of the ceded commission benefits related to the additional reinsurance purchased in 2016.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 4.6 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which carried a lower administrative expense ratio.
on an "as if" basis, the administrative expense ratio remained flat as cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition of $38 million (0.9 percentage points) were offset by increased spending to support growth.
the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio decreased 1.6 percentage points in 2015 reflecting the favorable impact of the acquisition of fireman's fund personal lines business which carries a lower loss ratio. excluding the impact of the acquisition, the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio increased 0.3 percentage points.
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 13.5 percentage points in 2015 primarily due to the impact of normal initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to our fireman's fund acquisition. the administrative expense ratio decreased slightly in 2015.
north america agricultural insurance the north america agricultural insurance segment comprises our north american based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the u.s. and canada including crop insurance, primarily multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail through rain and hail insurance service, inc. (rain and hail) as well as farm and ranch and specialty p&c commercial insurance products and services through our chubb agribusiness unit.
net premiums written                                       $1,328               $1,346              $1,590                     (1.3   )%                (15.3   )%
policy acquisition costs                                       83                   69                  81                     20.3    %                (14.8   )%
underwriting income                                           341                  197                 136                    73.1%                     44.9%
policy acquisition cost ratio                                 6.3    %             5.1   %             5.3   %
(1)   gains (losses) on crop derivatives were $(5) million, $(9) million, and $51 million in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. these gains (losses) are included in net realized gains (losses) in our consolidated statements of operations but are reclassified to losses and loss expenses for purposes of presenting north america agricultural insurance underwriting income.
net premiums written decreased $18 million in 2016 primarily due to the revision to the 2016 crop year margin estimate related to the mpci program, which resulted in lower premium retention under the premium sharing formula with the u.s. government. under the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formulas, we retained less premiums in 2016 as losses were lower compared to 2015. this decrease was partially offset by lower cessions under existing third-party proportional reinsurance programs.
net premiums earned decreased $48 million in 2016 primarily due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above.
underwriting income increased $144 million primarily due to the favorable revision to the 2016 crop year margin estimate reflecting a combination of better than average yields and less than expected movement in price between base price and harvest price this year.
net premiums written decreased $244 million in 2015 primarily due to lower commodity base prices used to price the 2015 mpci policies and lower premium retention as a result of the premium-sharing formulas with the u.s. government. under the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formulas, we retained more premiums in 2014 as losses were higher compared to 2015.
net premiums earned decreased $162 million in 2015 primarily due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above.
catastrophe losses in 2016, 2015, and 2014 were primarily from our farm, ranch and specialty p&c business. net favorable (unfavorable) prior period development was $72 million, $45 million, and $(34) million in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. for 2016, the prior period development amount included $99 million of favorable incurred losses due to lower than expected mpci losses for the 2015 crop year, partially offset by $52 million of unfavorable decrease in net premiums earned related to the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formulas. also included in prior period development, but not impacting the loss and loss expense ratio was a $12 million favorable benefit of ceded profit share commissions earned from third-party reinsurers. for 2015, the prior period development amount included a decrease in incurred losses of $42 million for lower than expected mpci losses for the 2014 crop year, partially offset by a $6 million decrease in net premiums earned related to the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula. for 2014, the amount includes an increase in incurred losses of $64 million for higher than expected mpci losses for the 2013 crop year, as well as $26 million of favorable increase in net premiums earned related to the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.2 percentage point in 2016, primarily due to the reduction in net premiums earned related to the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula this year of $202 million, compared to a reduction of $30 million in the prior year. excluding the impact of these reductions in net premiums earned, the policy acquisition ratio increased over prior year by 0.4 percentage points, primarily due to higher agent profit sharing commissions in the current year. in addition, during 2016, we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as administrative expenses were more appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. this resulted in a $2 million (0.2 percentage points) increase to policy acquisition costs, with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses in 2016.
the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio increased 1.0 percentage point in 2015 principally due to relatively flat unallocated loss adjustment expenses with lower earned premiums.
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.2 percentage points in 2015 primarily due to higher cede commission on third-party reinsurance and lower agent profit sharing commission.
overseas general insurance overseas general insurance segment comprises chubb international and chubb global markets (cgm). chubb international comprises our commercial p&c traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers, a&h and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the u.s., bermuda, and canada. cgm, our london-based international commercial p&c excess and surplus lines business, includes lloyd's of london (lloyd's) syndicate 2488. chubb provides funds at lloyd's to support underwriting by syndicate 2488 which is managed by ace underwriting agencies limited. the reinsurance operations of cgm are included in the global reinsurance segment.
net premiums written (1)                                   $8,124              $6,634              $6,999                     22.5    %                 (5.2   )%
policy acquisition costs                                    2,136               1,581               1,625                     35.1    %                 (2.7   )%
underwriting income (2)                                       934                 841                 965                     11.1    %                (12.8   )%
policy acquisition cost ratio                                26.3   %            24.4   %            23.9   %
(1)   for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, net premiums written increased $1,792 million or 28.3 percent, and $441 million, or 7.1 percent, respectively, on a constant-dollar basis. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
(2)   for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, underwriting income increased $115 million or 14.1 percent and decreased $22 million or 2.5 percent, respectively, on a constant-dollar basis. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period premiums net premiums written increased $1,490 million in 2016, primarily due to the impact of the chubb corp acquisition, which added about $1.5 billion of growth in premiums. this increase was partially offset by the adverse impact of foreign exchange which decreased premiums by $302 million in 2016.
in 2016, net premiums written increased $95 million, on a constant-dollar "as if" basis, primarily driven by growth in personal lines, property and casualty lines (p&c), and a&h lines, partially offset by declines in our business written by chubb global markets. personal lines and p&c growth was primarily in europe and asia. growth in personal lines was negatively impacted by our decision to exit the legacy chubb brazilian high net worth automobile business due to competitive market conditions. growth in p&c was partially offset by declines in latin america, reflecting economic conditions. a&h lines growth was driven by new business written, primarily in latin america and asia. additionally, growth was partially offset by merger-related underwriting actions ($119 million), including the purchase of additional reinsurance.
net premiums earned increased $1,661 million in 2016, and increased $81 million on a constant-dollar "as if" basis, primarily due to the same factors driving the movements in net premiums written as described above.
in 2015, net premiums written decreased $365 million, primarily reflecting the adverse impact of foreign exchange which reduced growth by $807 million. on a constant-dollar basis, net premiums written increased 7.1 percent in 2015, reflecting organic growth across most operations. growth in our retail operations for personal and p&c product lines was from new business writings. included in the increase in net premiums written were contributions from the acquisitions of itau seguros in october 2014 and samaggi in april 2014 which added $273 million of premiums.
net premiums earned decreased $334 million in 2015, primarily reflecting the adverse impact of foreign exchange. net premiums earned increased in 2015 on a constant-dollar basis, due to the same factors driving the increase in net premiums written as described above.
overseas general insurance conducts business internationally and in most major foreign currencies. the following table presents a regional breakdown of overseas general insurance net premiums written:
net premiums written                                           $8,124              $6,634              $6,999              $6,332      22.5%                 28.3%       (5.2   )%
net premiums written                                             100%                100%                 100   %
   2015: a chemical storage facility explosion in tianjin, china, a hailstorm in australia, flooding and an earthquake in chile, and severe storms in the u.k. and asia the adjusted loss and loss expense ratio increased 1.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which experienced a higher loss ratio.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily because we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as administrative expenses were more appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. this resulted in a $144 million (1.8 percentage points) increase to policy acquisition costs, with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses in 2016.
on an "as if" basis, which excludes purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.8 percentage points in 2016, due to a shift in the mix of business away from e&s lines, which carry a lower acquisition cost ratio, towards more personal lines products which carry a higher acquisition cost ratio.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 2.5 percentage points in 2016, due to the $144 million (1.8 percentage points) reclassification noted above, and cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition of $66 million (0.8 percentage points).
on an "as if" basis, the administrative expense ratio decreased 1.0 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition as noted above.
the policy acquisition ratio increased 0.5 percentage points in 2015, primarily due to lower ceded commission benefits as a result of the non-renewal of an a&h external quota share treaty, (0.3 percentage points), as well as less favorable normal initial year purchase accounting adjustments than in 2014 (0.3 percentage points).
the administrative expense ratio increased 0.4 percentage points in 2015 primarily due to a higher proportion of expenses incurred in u.s. dollars compared to premiums earned in foreign currencies as well as integration expenses related to our itau seguros acquisition.
global reinsurance the global reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising chubb tempest re bermuda, chubb tempest re usa, chubb tempest re international, and chubb tempest re canada. global reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide under the chubb tempest re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary p&c companies.
net premiums written                                       $676              $828              $935                    (18.4   )%                (11.4   )%
policy acquisition costs                                    187               214               257                    (12.6   )%                (16.7   )%
underwriting income                                         146               296               284                    (50.7   )%                  4.2    %
policy acquisition cost ratio                              26.3   %          25.2   %          25.0   %
net premiums written decreased $152 million in 2016 as we maintained underwriting discipline in an environment of declining rates and increasing competition. in addition, the decline in premiums reflects increased cessions of $17 million due to the purchase of additional property catastrophe reinsurance in 2016. on an "as if" basis, net premiums written declined $161 million in 2016 due to the same factors as described above.
net premiums earned decreased $139 million in 2016 and $165 million on an "as if" basis, primarily due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above.
net premiums written decreased $107 million in 2015 as we maintained underwriting discipline in an environment of flat to declining rates and increasing competition. the decline was partially offset by new business written, primarily in our u.s. automobile business.
net premiums earned decreased $177 million in 2015 due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above and from the adverse impact of the non-renewal of a workers' compensation treaty in the third quarter of 2014, which resulted in a $39 million decrease in net premiums earned in 2015.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.1 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to a change in the mix of business towards regions and products that have higher acquisition cost ratios, partially offset by the impact of the chubb corp acquisition which carries a lower acquisition cost ratio. on an "as if" basis, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the change in the mix of business as described above.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.2 percentage points in 2015 due to the non-renewal of the workers' compensation treaty in 2014, noted above, which incurred no acquisition costs.
life insurance the life insurance segment comprises chubb's international life operations (chubb life), chubb tempest life re (chubb life re), and the north american supplemental a&h and life business of combined insurance. we assess the performance of our life business based on life insurance underwriting income, which includes net investment income and (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap.
net premiums written                                                      $2,124              $1,998          $2,012                      6.3    %                 (0.7   )%
policy benefits(1)                                                           588                 543             517                      8.3    %                  5.0    %
(gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets(1)         (11   )              19              (2   )                   nm                        nm policy acquisition costs                                                     509                 476             478                      6.9    %                 (0.4   )%
life insurance underwriting income                                           282                 282             363                        -                     (22.3   )%
(1)   (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap have been reclassified from other income (expense) for purposes of presenting life insurance underwriting income. the offsetting movement in the separate account liabilities is included in policy benefits.
net premiums written increased $126 million in 2016, primarily reflecting the impact of the chubb corp acquisition, which added $64 million of growth to premiums. in addition, growth in our international life operations, primarily in asia, and in our combined insurance supplemental a&h program business contributed to the increase. the adverse effect of foreign exchange impacted growth in net premiums written by $41 million in 2016. our life reinsurance business continues to decline as there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written. on an "as if" basis, net premiums written increased $32 million in 2016 due to the same factors as described above.
net premiums written decreased slightly in 2015 reflecting the adverse impact of foreign exchange of $84 million. on a constant dollar basis, net premiums written increased reflecting growth in our combined insurance supplement a&h program business and in our international life operations, primarily in asia. our life reinsurance business continued to decline as there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written.
deposits the following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts:
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts      $1,006          $1,015          $997            (0.9   )%   0.9                       %   1.8                 %
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our consolidated statements of operations in accordance with gaap. new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations they are key to our efforts to grow our business. life deposits collected decreased slightly in 2016 due to a decline in korea, partially offset by growth in other asian markets, primarily in hong kong, vietnam, and taiwan. foreign exchange adversely impacted growth by $18 million in 2016.
life insurance underwriting income and other (income) expense life insurance underwriting income remained flat in 2016 compared to 2015 as an increase in the long-term benefit ratio in our variable annuity reinsurance business, which adversely impacted underwriting income by $17 million, was offset by unfavorable loss reserve development in the prior year in our combined insurance supplemental a&h program business.
life insurance underwriting income decreased in 2015 primarily due to the unfavorable loss reserve development noted above compared to favorable reserve development in 2014. additionally, 2014 was favorably impacted by a one-time adjustment to certain life products in asia.
other expense of $16 million in 2016 was related primarily to our share of net losses from our partially-owned life insurance entities. refer to the other income and expense items section for further information.
corporate corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments and loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (a&e) liabilities and certain other run-off exposures.
our exposure to a&e claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when we purchased westchester specialty in 1998, cigna's p&c business in 1999, and legacy chubb corp a&e claims in 2016. corporate staff expenses and net investment income of chubb limited, including the amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets and debt, interest expense, amortization of purchased intangibles related to the chubb corp acquisition, chubb integration expenses and other merger related expenses, the one-time pension curtailment benefit related to the harmonization of our u.s. pension plans, and the results of chubb group management and holdings ltd, and chubb ina holdings inc. are reported within corporate.
policy acquisition costs                                          -                   1                   -                       nm                        nm administrative expenses                                         183                 188                 198                     (2.7   )%                 (5.1   )%
underwriting loss                                               352                 391                 443                    (10.0   )%                (11.7   )%
amortization expense (benefit) of purchased intangibles         (80   )               -                   -                       nm                         -
nm - not meaningful losses and loss expenses in 2016, 2015, and 2014 were primarily due to unfavorable prior period development related to brandywine asbestos and environmental exposures, as well as unallocated loss adjustment expenses of the a&e claim operations. refer to note 7 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2016, we amended several of our u.s. retirement programs as part of a harmonization effort that moves us toward a more unified retirement savings approach. this resulted in a one-time pension curtailment benefit of $113 million, $23 million administrative expenses decreased $5 million in 2016 primarily due to the one-time pension curtailment benefit discussed above, of which $90 million was recorded in administrative expenses, partially offset by the addition of chubb corp expenses from the chubb corp acquisition. on an "as if" basis, administrative expenses decreased $131 million, primarily due to the one-time pension curtailment benefit and cost savings of $25 million realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition. administrative expenses decreased slightly in 2015.
net investment income for the year ended december 31, 2016 included amortization of $393 million related to the fair value adjustment on invested assets related to the chubb corp acquisition. excluding the fair value adjustment amortization, net investment income increased by $10 million in 2016. net investment income remained flat in 2015 compared to 2014. refer to the net investment income section for a discussion on consolidated net investment income.
interest expense increased $305 million in 2016 primarily driven by the $5.3 billion senior notes issued in november 2015, as well as the $3.3 billion par value of debt assumed in connection with the chubb corp acquisition. interest expense increased $20 million in 2015 primarily due to the $5.3 billion senior notes issued in november 2015.
during 2016, net realized losses of $140 million were primarily related to net losses on our investment portfolio of $156 million, partially offset by realized gains associated with a net decrease in the fair value of glb liabilities. the decrease was primarily due to higher global equity market levels and the impact of updating our assumptions on policyholder behavior, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year. refer to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the fair value of glb liabilities.
during 2015, realized losses of $411 million were primarily associated with a net increase in the fair value of glb liabilities; this increase was primarily due to the falling equity market levels and the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year, partially offset by higher interest rates. additionally, there were realized losses on our investment portfolio of $106 million.
during 2014, realized losses of $558 million were primarily associated with a net increase in the fair value of glb liabilities; this increase was primarily due to lower interest rates and the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year, partially offset by a weakening yen and rising u.s. equity levels. additionally, there were realized losses on our investment portfolio of $134 million.
as part of our loss mitigation strategy for our glb exposures, we maintain positions in derivative instruments that decrease in fair value when the s&p 500 index increases. during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, we experienced realized losses of $136 million, $10 million, and $168 million, respectively, related to these derivative instruments. for further discussion of the remaining net realized gains and (losses), refer to the net realized and unrealized gains and (losses) section.
other income of $217 million, $47 million, and $162 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, were related primarily to our share of net income of partially-owned entities. refer to the other income and expense items section for further information.
amortization benefit of purchased intangibles related to the chubb corp acquisition was $80 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, reflecting the favorable impact of the amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired unpaid losses and loss expenses, offset by the amortization of other intangibles, including agency distribution relationships and internally developed technology, related to the chubb corp acquisition. this amortization is considered a corporate cost as it is incurred by the overall company.
chubb integration expenses were $492 million the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily comprising $181 million of personnel-related expenses, $125 million of consulting fees, $58 million of leases and real estate costs, and $38 million of advisor fees. chubb integration expenses were $33 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily comprising $16 million of consulting fees, $6 million of legal fees, and $5 million of system integration costs. chubb integration expenses are one-time in nature and are not related to the on-going business activities of the segments. the chief executive officer does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs and they are therefore excluded from our definition of segment income.
non-gaap reconciliation we provide financial measures such as net premiums written and net premiums earned on a constant-dollar basis. we believe it is useful to evaluate the trends in these measures exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the currencies in which our international business is transacted, as these exchange rates could fluctuate significantly between periods and distort the analysis of trends. the impact is determined by assuming constant foreign exchange rates between periods by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
p&c performance metrics are non-gaap financial measures and comprise consolidated operating results (including corporate) and exclude the operating results of the life insurance segment. we believe that these measures are useful and meaningful to investors as they are used by management to assess the company's p&c operations which are the most economically similar.  we exclude the life insurance segment because the results of this business do not always correlate with the results of our p&c operations.
"as if" measures presented throughout this section are prepared exclusive of the impact of the unearned premium reserves intangible amortization and the elimination of the historical policy acquisition costs as a result of purchase accounting related to the chubb corp acquisition in order to present the underlying profitability of our insurance business for the entire relevant periods.  we believe this measure provides visibility into our results, allows for comparability to our historical results and is consistent with how management evaluates results. we have discussed our results on an "as if" basis for both the 2016 and 2015 periods, which are defined below:
2016 "as if" results: the combined company results do not include the impact of the unearned premium reserves intangible amortization and the elimination of the historical policy acquisition costs as a result of purchase accounting related to the chubb corp acquisition. the combined company results for the year ended december 31, 2016 are inclusive of the first 14 days of january 2016 (the chubb corp acquisition closed january 14, 2016).
2015 "as if" results: legacy ace plus legacy chubb corp historical results after accounting policy alignment adjustments, including reclassifying certain legacy chubb corp corporate expenses to administrative expenses and redefining legacy chubb corp segment underwriting income by allocating the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs to each segment.  2015 "as if" results exclude purchase accounting adjustments.
the following tables present a reconciliation of 2016 "as if" results to 2016 results, as well as 2015 "as if" results to 2015 results and pro forma results as calculated in accordance with sec article 11:
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except percentages)      north america commercial p&amp;c insurance               north america personal p&amp;c insurance           north america agricultural insurance               overseas general insurance             global reinsurance               life insurance              consolidated net premiums written net premiums written                                                                      $11,740                                                 $4,153                                         $1,328                                   $8,124                           $676                       $2,124                   $28,145
2015 as if net premiums written                                                                       $5,715                                                 $1,192                                         $1,346                                   $6,634                           $828                       $1,998                   $17,713
pension curtailment benefit                                                                    -                                                     -          -                                                                             -          -                                        23                        23
policy acquisition costs policy acquisition costs                                                                  $2,023                                                  $966          $83                                                                      $2,136          $187                                     $-                    $5,395
elimination of deferred acquisition cost benefit                                             729                                                   406          -                                                                           238          -                                         -                     1,373
policy acquisition costs                                                                    $531                                                   $69          $69                                                                      $1,581          $214                                     $1                    $2,465
elimination of deferred acquisition cost benefit                                            (709   )                                              (406   )      -                                                                          (169   )      -                                         -                    (1,284   )
pension curtailment benefit                                                                    -                                                     -          -                                                                             -          -                                        90                        90
the p&c combined ratio is a non-gaap financial measure and includes the impact of realized gains and losses on crop derivatives. these derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing will impact underwriting results. we view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations. the p&c combined ratio also excludes the one-time pension curtailment benefit recognized in 2016.
fixed maturities                   $2,779              $2,157              $2,199
equity securities                      36                  16                  33
net investment income is influenced by a number of factors including the amounts and timing of inward and outward cash flows, the level of interest rates, and changes in overall asset allocation. net investment income increased 30.6 percent in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added $1.2 billion of net investment income, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of liquidating investments to fund the acquisition, and the unfavorable impact of amortizing the purchase accounting fair value adjustment to investments at the date of acquisition of $393 million. net investment income decreased 2.6 percent in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to the negative impact of foreign exchange of $49 million and lower call activity in our corporate bond portfolio, partially offset by a higher overall invested asset base.
the yield on our fixed maturities was 3.5 percent in 2016 and 4.0 percent in both 2015 and 2014. this compares to the average market yield, which represents the weighted average yield to maturity of our fixed income portfolio based on market prices of the holdings throughout the period, of 2.4 percent for 2016 and 2.8 percent for both 2015 and 2014.
the 2.5 percent, 1.3 percent, and 1.9 percent yield on short-term investments in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, reflects the global nature of our insurance operations. the yield in 2015 is lower compared to both 2016 and 2014 despite a higher average balance in short-term investments, due to investments held in the u.s. in anticipation of the chubb corp acquisition, which earned a lower yield in 2015.
for 2016, the increase in net investment income from our equity securities reflects the higher invested assets base as a result of the chubb corp acquisition. in 2016, the yield on our equity securities portfolio was 3.7 percent. in 2015 and 2014, the yield on our equity securities portfolio was 3.1 percent and 4.9 percent, respectively, and reflects the yield on a global high dividend equity portfolio. 2014 also included dividends from an emerging debt portfolio, which was a mutual fund classified as equity. during the third quarter of 2014, however, we elected to exchange our interest in the strategic emerging debt portfolio for direct ownership of certain of the underlying fixed maturities, and the remainder in cash. in 2014, the strategic emerging debt portfolio, prior to the election to exchange our interest, and the preferred equity securities represented 64 percent of the gross equity securities investment income.
(1)   excludes $393 million of amortization on the purchase accounting fair value adjustment of acquired invested assets related to the chubb corp acquisition in 2016.
we take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within certain specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. the majority of our investment portfolio is available for sale and reported at fair value. our held to maturity investment portfolio is reported at amortized cost.
the effect of market movements on our available for sale investment portfolio impacts net income (through net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold or when we record an other-than-temporary impairment (otti) charge in net income. for a discussion related to how we assess otti for all of our investments, including credit-related otti, and the related impact on net income, refer to note 3 c) to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of derivatives, including financial futures, options, swaps, and glb reinsurance. changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available for sale securities resulting from the revaluation of securities held, changes in cumulative translation adjustment, and unrealized postretirement benefit obligations liability adjustment, are reported as separate components of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                       netrealizedgains(losses)                netunrealizedgains(losses)               netimpact             netrealizedgains(losses)             netunrealizedgains(losses)                  netimpact fixed maturities                                                                                       $(163    )                                  $83                    $(80   )                            $(180    )        $(1,076                         )             $(1,256   )
public equity                                                                                             44                                        52                      96                                   29             (17                             )                  12
private equity                                                                                            (4    )                                  (49    )                (53   )                               13             (46                             )                 (33   )
variable annuity reinsurance derivative transactions, net of applicable hedges                           (83    )                                    -                     (83   )                             (213    )        -                                                (213   )
income tax expense (benefit)                                                                              66                                        54                     120                                  (10    )        (146                            )                (156   )
(1)   for the year ended december 31, 2016, other-than-temporary impairments in net realized gains (losses) include $81 million for fixed maturities, $8 million for public equity, and $14 million for private equity. for the year ended december 31, 2015, other-than-temporary impairments in net realized gains (losses) include $103 million for fixed maturities, $7 million for public equity, and $2 million for private equity.
other income and expense items other (income) expense was $(222) million in 2016 compared with $(51) million and $(190) million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and were related primarily to our share of net income of partially-owned entities. refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for the components of other (income) expense.
amortization of purchased intangibles and other amortization amortization expense related to purchased intangibles amounted to $19 million, $171 million, and $108 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. amortization expense of purchased intangibles was low in 2016 reflecting the favorable impact of the amortization benefit of the fair value adjustment on acquired unpaid losses and loss expenses. in 2017, the amortization is expected to increase to $251 million, primarily reflecting the increase in intangible amortization related to agency distribution relationships and renewal rights.
the following table presents, as of december 31, 2016, the estimated pre-tax amortization expense (benefit) of purchased intangibles, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years:
associated with the chubb corp acquisition for the years ending december 31      agency distribution relationships and renewal rights               internally developed technology                 fair value adjustment to unpaid losses and loss expense                   total (1)        other intangible assets (2)         total amortization of purchased intangibles amortization of unearned premium reserves (upr) intangible assets and expected future benefit associated with the elimination of historical deferred policy acquisition costs (dac) asset as part of purchase accounting, we recognized an intangible asset of $1,559 million, at applicable foreign currency exchange rates, related to the fair value adjustment for the upr recorded on legacy chubb corp books, which was fully amortized into policy acquisition costs in 2016. in addition, as part of purchase accounting, we recognized a benefit of $1,373 million associated with unearned premiums in 2016 with no expense for the historical acquisition costs. this dac elimination benefit was fully recognized in 2016.
reduction of deferred tax liability associated with intangible assets related to the chubb corp acquisition at the date of acquisition, we recorded a deferred tax liability of $2,679 million, which assumed an expected 35 percent tax rate, associated with agency distribution relationships and renewal rights, internally developed technology, and upr intangible assets related to the chubb corp acquisition. for example, for 2017, the expected reduction to deferred tax liability of $114 million associated with intangible assets in the table below is calculated by applying the 35 percent expected tax rate against the sum of the estimated amortization of $327 million, comprised of agency distribution relationships and renewal rights of $295 million and internally developed technology of $32 million. at december 31, 2016, the remaining deferred tax liability associated with these intangibles was $2,076 million.
the following table presents, as of december 31, 2016, the expected reduction to the deferred tax liability (which reduces as agency distribution relationships and renewal rights, internally developed technology, and upr intangible assets amortize), at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years:
for the years ending december 31     reduction to deferred tax liability associated with intangible assets amortization of the fair value of acquired invested assets in addition to the amortization of purchased intangibles outlined in the table above, at december 31, 2016 we expect amortization of the fair value of acquired invested assets of approximately $360 million in 2017, $320 million in each 2018 and 2019, and $225 million in 2020 at current foreign currency exchange rates. this estimate could vary materially based on current market conditions, bond calls, overall duration of the acquired investment portfolio, and foreign exchange. the amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets is recorded as a reduction to net investment income in the consolidated statements of operations.
amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt the benefit from the amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt was $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2016, we expect a benefit from the amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt over the next five years as follows: $49 million in 2017, $31 million in 2018, and $19 million in each of the years 2019 through 2021. the amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt is recorded as a reduction to interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
investments our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of a/aa as rated by the independent investment rating services standard and poor's (s&p)/ moody's investors service (moody's). the portfolio is externally managed by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. other investments principally comprise direct investments, investment funds, and limited partnerships. we hold no collateralized debt obligations or collateralized loan obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. we have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our global credit committee, comprising senior executives, including our chief financial officer, our chief risk officer, our chief investment officer, and our treasurer. we also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and closely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
the average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of options and swaps, was 4.2 years and 3.5 years at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in duration in 2016 was primarily due to higher interest rates in 2016. we estimate that a 100 basis point (bps) increase in interest rates would reduce the valuation of our fixed income portfolio by approximately $3.9 billion at december 31, 2016.
(in millions of u.s. dollars)           fairvalue                cost/amortizedcost         fairvalue                cost/amortizedcost fixed maturities available for sale       $80,115                           $79,536           $43,587                           $43,149
fixed maturities held to maturity          10,670                            10,644             8,552                             8,430
equity securities                             814        706                          497                    441
the fair value of our total investments increased $32.7 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition, which added $43.0 billion at the date of acquisition, and the investing of operating cash flows, partially offset by investments sold to fund the chubb corp acquisition.
the following tables present the market value of our fixed maturities and short-term investments at december 31, 2016 and 2015. the first table lists investments according to type and the second according to s&p credit rating:
corporate and asset-backed securities                            26,944                       29   %                17,985                       28   %
mortgage-backed securities                                       15,435                       16   %                11,701                       19   %
corporate and asset-backed securities the following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by market value at december 31, 2016:
mortgage-backed securities s&amp;p credit rating                                                                          market value          amortized cost december 31, 2016 (in millions of u.s. dollars)   aaa                        aa           a               bbb             bb andbelow                   total                   total agency residential mortgage-backed (rmbs)         $-                    $12,530           $-              $-              $-                          $12,530                 $12,557
total mortgage-backed securities                  $2,764                $12,573           $61             $5              $32                         $15,435                 $15,459
municipal as part of our overall investment strategy, we may invest in states, municipalities, and other political subdivisions fixed maturity securities (municipal). we apply the same investment selection process described previously to our municipal investments. the portfolio is highly diversified primarily in state general obligation bonds and essential service revenue bonds including education and utilities (water, power, and sewers).
our exposure to the euro results primarily from ace european group which is headquartered in london and offers a broad range of coverages throughout the european union, central, and eastern europe. chubb primarily invests in euro denominated investments to support its local currency insurance obligations and required capital levels. chubb's local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. investment portfolios are monitored daily to ensure investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
our non-u.s. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of our non-u.s. operations. the average credit quality of our non-u.s. fixed income securities is a and 55 percent of our holdings are rated aaa or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies. within the context of these investment portfolios, our government and corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. issuer limits are based on credit rating (aa-two percent, a-one percent, bbb-0.5 percent of the total portfolio) and are monitored daily via an internal compliance system. because of this investment approach, we do not have a direct exposure to troubled sovereign borrowers in europe. we manage our indirect exposure using the same credit rating based investment approach. accordingly, we do not believe our indirect exposure is material.
the following table summarizes the market value and amortized cost of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. government securities at december 31, 2016:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                 market value          amortized cost united kingdom                                      $1,647                  $1,595
united mexican states                                  422                     430
other non-u.s. government securities (1)             3,952                   3,861
(1) there are no investments in portugal, ireland, italy, greece or spain.
the following table summarizes the market value and amortized cost of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. corporate securities at december 31, 2016:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)            market value          amortized cost united kingdom                                 $2,031                  $1,960
united states (1)                                 848                     835
switzerland                                       322                     316
other non-u.s. corporate securities             2,807                   2,761
(1) the countries that are listed in the non-u.s. corporate fixed income portfolio above represent the ultimate parent company's country of risk. non-u.s. corporate securities could be issued by foreign subsidiaries of u.s. corporations.
below-investment grade corporate fixed income portfolio below-investment grade securities have different characteristics than investment grade corporate debt securities. risk of loss from default by the borrower is greater with below-investment grade securities. below-investment grade securities are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. also, issuers of below-investment grade securities usually have higher levels of debt and are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as recession or increasing interest rates, than investment grade issuers. at december 31, 2016, our corporate fixed income investment portfolio included below-investment grade and non-rated securities which, in total, comprised approximately 11 percent of our fixed income portfolio. our below-investment grade and non-rated portfolio includes over 1,000 issuers, with the greatest single exposure being $169 million.
we manage high-yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. the allocation to high-yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (bb/b). our minimum rating for initial purchase is bb/b. eight external investment managers are responsible for high-yield security selection and portfolio construction. our high-yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience. holdings are highly diversified across industries and generally subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit as a percentage of high-yield allocation. we monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized loan obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio.
reinsurance recoverable on policy benefits (1)                                     $182                      $187
we evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers and potential reinsurers on a regular basis and also monitor concentrations of credit risk with reinsurers. the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is required principally due to the potential failure of reinsurers to indemnify us, primarily because of disputes under reinsurance contracts and insolvencies. the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is based on a default analysis applied to gross reinsurance recoverables, net of approximately $3.3 billion and $2.6 billion of collateral at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in reinsurance recoverable on loss and loss expenses was primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition.
asbestos and environmental (a&e) reserving considerations for asbestos, chubb faces claims relating to policies issued to manufacturers, distributors, installers, and other parties in the chain of commerce for asbestos and products containing asbestos. claimants will generally allege damages across an extended time period which may coincide with multiple policies covering a wide range of time periods for a single insured.
environmental claims present exposure for remediation and defense costs associated with the contamination of property as a result of pollution.
(1) 2015 was revised to show claim count by account. previously disclosed by site.
survival ratios are calculated by dividing the asbestos or environmental loss and allocated loss adjustment expense (alae) reserves by the average asbestos or environmental loss and alae payments for the three most recent calendar years (3-year survival ratio). the 3-year survival ratios for gross and net asbestos loss and alae reserves were 4.4 years and 5.0 years, respectively. the 3-year survival ratios for gross and net environmental loss and alae reserves were 4.5 years and 4.9 years, respectively. the survival ratios provide only a very rough depiction of reserves and are significantly impacted by a number of factors such as aggressive settlement practices, variations in gross to ceded relationships within the asbestos or environmental claims, and levels of coverage provided. we, therefore, urge caution in using these very simplistic ratios to gauge reserve adequacy.
catastrophe management we actively monitor our catastrophe risk accumulation around the world. the table below presents our modeled annual aggregate pre-tax probable maximum loss (pml), net of reinsurance, for 100-year and 250-year return periods for u.s. hurricane and california earthquake at december 31, 2016 and 2015. the table also presents chubb's corresponding share of pre-tax industry pmls for each of the return periods for u.s. hurricane and california earthquake. for example, according to the model, for the 1-in-100 return period scenario, there is a one percent chance that our losses incurred in any year from u.s. hurricane events could be in excess of $3,071 million (or 6.4 percent of our total shareholders' equity at december 31, 2016). we estimate that at such hypothetical loss levels, chubb's share of the aggregate industry pml would be approximately 2.1 percent.
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)      chubb                % of totalshareholders'equity         % ofindustry          chubb                   chubb               % of totalshareholders'equity         % ofindustry          chubb the modeling estimates of both chubb and industry loss levels are inherently uncertain owing to key assumptions. first, while the use of third-party catastrophe modeling packages to simulate potential hurricane and earthquake losses is prevalent within the insurance industry, the models are reliant upon significant meteorology, seismology, and engineering assumptions to estimate hurricane and earthquake losses. in particular, modeled hurricane and earthquake events are not always a representation of actual events and ensuing additional loss potential. second, there is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models and the running of the modeling software. third, we are reliant upon third-party estimates of industry insured exposures and there is significant variation possible around the relationship between our loss and that of the industry following an event. fourth, we assume that our reinsurance recoveries following an event are fully collectible. these loss estimates do not represent our potential maximum exposures and it is highly likely that our actual incurred losses would vary materially from the modeled estimates.
natural catastrophe property reinsurance program chubb's core property catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection against natural catastrophes impacting its primary property operations (i.e., excluding our global reinsurance and life insurance segments).
we regularly review our reinsurance protection and corresponding property catastrophe exposures. this may or may not lead to the purchase of additional reinsurance prior to a program's renewal date. in addition, prior to each renewal date, we consider how much, if any, coverage we intend to buy and we may make material changes to the current structure in light of various factors, including modeled pml assessment at various return periods, reinsurance pricing, our risk tolerance and exposures, and various other structuring considerations.
chubb purchased a global property catastrophe reinsurance program for our north american and international operations. the program is effective april 1, 2016 through march 31, 2017, and consists of three layers in excess of losses retained by chubb. in addition, we also purchased terrorism coverage (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation coverage, with an inclusion of coverage for biological and chemical coverage for personal lines) for the united states from april 1, 2016 through march 31, 2017 with the same limits and retention and percentage placed except that the majority of terrorism coverage is on an aggregate basis above our retentions without a reinstatement.
loss location                                  layer of loss   comments                           notes united states                      $0 million - $1.0 billion   losses retained by chubb           (a)
united states                    $1.0 billion -$1.25 billion   all natural perils and terrorism   (b)
united states                    $1.25 billion -$2.0 billion   all natural perils and terrorism   (c)
united states                     $2.0 billion -$3.5 billion   all natural perils and terrorism   (d)
(a) ultimate retention will depend upon the nature of the loss and the interplay between the underlying per risk programs and certain other catastrophe programs purchased by individual business units. these other catastrophe programs have the potential to reduce our effective retention below the stated levels.
(b) these coverages are 20 percent placed with reinsurers.
(c) these coverages are both part of the same second layer within the global catastrophe program and are 100 percent placed with reinsurers. as such, it may be exhausted in one region and not available in the other.
(d) these coverages are both part of the same third layer within the global catastrophe program and are 100 percent placed with reinsurers. as such, it may be exhausted in one region and not available in the other.
chubb also has two series of property catastrophe bonds in place (assumed as part of the chubb corp acquisition) that offer additional natural catastrophe protection for certain parts of the portfolio.  the geographic scope of this coverage is from virginia through maine. the east lane vi 2014 series currently provides $270 million of coverage as part of a $300 million layer in excess of $3.453 billion retention through march 14, 2018. the east lane vi 2015 series currently provides $250 million of coverage as part of a $500 million layer in excess of $2.602 billion retention through march 13, 2020.
political risk and credit insurance political risk insurance is a specialized coverage that provides clients with protection against unexpected, catastrophic political or macroeconomic events, primarily in developing markets. we participate in this market through our wholly-owned subsidiary sovereign risk insurance ltd. (sovereign), and through a unit of our london-based cgm operation. chubb is one of the world's leading underwriters of political risk and credit insurance and has a global portfolio spread across more than 150 countries, and is also a member of the berne union. our clients include financial institutions, national export credit agencies, leading multilateral agencies, and multinational corporations. cgm writes political risk and credit insurance business out of underwriting offices in london, united kingdom; hamburg, germany; sao paulo, brazil; singapore; tokyo, japan; and in the u.s. in the following locations: chicago, illinois; new york, new york; and los angeles, california.
our political risk insurance provides protection to commercial lenders against defaults on cross border loans, insulates investors against equity losses, and protects exporters against defaults on contracts. commercial lenders, our largest client segment, are covered for missed scheduled loan repayments due to acts of confiscation, expropriation or nationalization by the host government, currency inconvertibility or exchange transfer restrictions, or war or other acts of political violence. in addition, in the case of loans to government-owned entities or loans that have a government guarantee, political risk policies cover scheduled payments against risks of non-payment or non-honoring of government guarantees. equity investors and corporations receive similar coverage to that of lenders, except they are protected against financial losses, inability to repatriate dividends, and physical damage to their operations caused by covered events. our export contracts protection provides coverage for both exporters and their financing banks against the risk of contract frustration due to government actions, including non-payment by government entities.
cgm's credit insurance businesses cover losses due to insolvency, protracted default, and political risk perils including export and license cancellation. our credit insurance product provides coverage to larger companies that have sophisticated credit risk management systems, with exposure to multiple customers and that have the ability to self-insure losses up to a certain level through excess of loss coverage. it also provides coverage to trade finance banks, exporters, and trading companies, with exposure to trade-related financing instruments.
we have implemented structural features in our policies in order to control potential losses within the political risk and credit insurance businesses. these include basic loss sharing features that include co-insurance and deductibles, and in the case of trade credit, the use of non-qualifying losses that drop smaller exposures deemed too difficult to assess. ultimate loss severity is also limited by using waiting periods to enable the insurer and insured to agree on recovery strategies, and the subrogation of the rights of the lender/exporter to the insurer following a claim. we have the option to pay claims over the original loan payment schedule, rather than in a lump sum in order to provide insureds and the insurer additional time to remedy problems and work towards full recoveries. it is important to note that political risk and credit policies are named peril conditional contracts, not financial guarantees, and claims are only paid after conditions and warranties are fulfilled. political risk and credit insurance do not cover currency devaluations, bond defaults, movements in overseas equity markets, transactions deemed illegal, situations where corruption or misrepresentation has occurred, or debt that is not legally enforceable. in addition to assessing and mitigating potential exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, we also have specific risk management measures in place to manage overall exposure and risk. these measures include placing country, credit, and individual transaction limits based on country risk and credit ratings, combined single loss limits on multi-country policies, the use of reinsurance protection, and regular modeling and stress-testing of the portfolio. we have a dedicated country and credit risk management team that are responsible for the portfolio.
crop insurance we are, and have been since the 1980s, one of the leading writers of crop insurance in the u.s. and have conducted that business through a managing general agent subsidiary of rain and hail. we provide protection throughout the u.s. on a variety of crops and are therefore geographically diversified, which reduces the risk of exposure to a single event or a heavy accumulation of losses in any one region. our crop insurance business comprises two components - multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail insurance.
the mpci program is offered in conjunction with the u.s. department of agriculture (usda). the policies cover revenue shortfalls or production losses due to natural causes such as drought, excessive moisture, hail, wind, frost, insects, and disease. generally, policies have deductibles ranging from 10 percent to 50 percent of the insured's risk. the usda's risk management agency (rma) sets the policy terms and conditions, rates and forms, and is also responsible for setting compliance standards. as a participating company, we report all details of policies underwritten to the rma and are party to a standard reinsurance agreement (sra). the sra sets out the relationship between private insurance companies and the federal crop insurance corporation (fcic) concerning the terms and conditions regarding the risks each will bear including the pro-rata and state stop-loss provisions which allows companies to limit the exposure of any one state or group of states on their underwriting results. in addition to the pro-rata and excess of loss reinsurance protections inherent in the sra, we also purchase third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance for our mpci business to reduce our exposure. we may also enter into crop derivative contracts to further manage our risk exposure.
each year the rma issues a final sra for the subsequent reinsurance year. in june 2016, the rma released the 2017 sra which establishes the terms and conditions for the 2017 reinsurance year (i.e., july 1, 2016 through june 30, 2017) that replaced the 2016 sra. there were no significant changes in the terms and conditions, and therefore the new sra does not impact chubb's outlook on the crop program relative to 2017.
on the mpci business, we recognize net premiums written as soon as estimable, which is generally when we receive acreage reports from the policyholders on the various crops throughout the u.s. this allows us to best determine the premium associated with the liability that is being planted. the mpci program has specific timeframes as to when producers must report acreage to us and in certain cases, the reporting occurs after the close of the respective reinsurance year. once the net premium written has been recorded, the premium is then earned over the growing season for the crops. a majority of the crops that are covered in the program are typically subject to the sra in effect at the beginning of the year. given the major crops covered in the program, we typically see a substantial written and earned premium impact in the second and third quarters.
the pricing of mpci premium is determined using a number of factors including commodity prices and related volatility. for instance, in most states the pricing for the mpci revenue product for corn includes a factor that is based on the average price in february of the chicago board of trade december corn futures. to the extent that the corn commodity prices are higher in our crop-hail program is a private offering. premium is earned on the crop-hail program over the coverage period of the policy. given the very short nature of the growing season, most crop-hail business is typically written in the second and third quarters with the earned premium also more heavily occurring during this time frame. we use industry data to develop our own rates and forms for the coverage offered. the policy primarily protects farmers against yield reduction caused by hail and/or fire, and related costs such as transit to storage. we offer various deductibles to allow the grower to partially self-insure for a reduced premium cost. we limit our crop-hail exposures through the use of township liability limits and third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance on our net retained hail business.
liquidity liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate cash flows sufficient to meet short-term and long-term cash requirements. as a holding company, chubb limited possesses assets that consist primarily of the stock of its subsidiaries and other investments. in addition to net investment income, chubb limited's cash flows depend primarily on dividends or other statutorily permissible payments. historically, these dividends and other payments have come primarily from chubb's bermuda-based operating subsidiaries, which we refer to as our bermuda subsidiaries. our consolidated sources of funds consist primarily of net premiums written, fees, net investment income, and proceeds from sales and maturities of investments. funds are used at our various companies primarily to pay claims, operating expenses, and dividends, to service debt, to purchase investments, and to fund acquisitions.
we anticipate that positive cash flows from operations (underwriting activities and investment income) should be sufficient to cover cash outflows under most loss scenarios for the near term. should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and available credit facilities. our existing $1.5 billion credit facility has a remaining term expiring in november 2017 and requires that we maintain certain financial covenants, all of which we met at december 31, 2016. refer to "credit facilities" below for additional information. our access to funds under the existing credit facility is dependent on the ability of the bank that is a party to the facility to meet its funding commitments. should our existing credit provider experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility.
to further ensure the sufficiency of funds to settle unforeseen claims, we hold certain invested assets in cash and short-term investments. in addition, for certain insurance, reinsurance, or deposit contracts that tend to have relatively large and reasonably predictable cash outflows, we attempt to establish dedicated portfolios of assets that are duration-matched with the related liabilities. with respect to the duration of our overall investment portfolio, we manage asset durations to both maximize return given current market conditions and provide sufficient liquidity to cover future loss payments. all things being equal, in a low interest rate environment, the overall duration of our fixed maturities tends to be shorter and in a high interest rate environment, such duration tends to be longer. at december 31, 2016, the average duration of our fixed maturities (4.2 years) is less than the average expected duration of our insurance liabilities (4.4 years).
despite our safeguards, if paid losses accelerate beyond our ability to fund such paid losses from current operating cash flows, we might need to either liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio or arrange for financing. potential events causing such a liquidity strain could include several significant catastrophes occurring in a relatively short period of time, large uncollectible reinsurance recoverables on paid losses (as a result of coverage disputes, reinsurers' credit problems, or decreases in the value of collateral supporting reinsurance recoverables) or increases in collateral postings under our variable annuity reinsurance business. because each subsidiary focuses on a more limited number of specific product lines than is collectively available from the chubb group of companies, the mix of business tends to be less diverse at the subsidiary level. as a result, the probability of a liquidity strain, as described above, may be greater for individual subsidiaries than when liquidity is assessed on a consolidated basis. if such a liquidity strain were to occur in a subsidiary, we could be required to liquidate a portion of our investments, potentially at distressed prices, as well as be required to contribute capital to the particular subsidiary and/or curtail dividends from the subsidiary to support holding company operations.
the payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. during 2016, we were able to meet all of our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our common shares, with our net cash flows.
we assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary's financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. chubb limited received dividends of $5.0 billion from its bermuda subsidiaries in 2015, of which $2.7 billion were paid in 2015, while the remaining $2.3 billion were paid during the first quarter of 2016. these dividends were used to finance a portion of the chubb corp acquisition by making capital contributions to chubb ina holdings inc. (chubb ina) and chubb group holdings, both subsidiaries of chubb limited. in addition, chubb limited received dividends of $1.0 billion and $15 million from its bermuda subsidiaries in 2016 and 2015, respectively. chubb limited received dividends of nil and $261 million from its switzerland subsidiaries in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
the payment of any dividends from cgm or its subsidiaries is subject to applicable u.k. insurance laws and regulations.  in addition, the release of funds by syndicate 2488 to subsidiaries of cgm is subject to regulations promulgated by the society of lloyd's. chubb limited received no dividends from cgm in 2016 and 2015.
the u.s. insurance subsidiaries of chubb ina may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary's domicile (or, if applicable, commercial domicile). chubb ina's international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. these laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. chubb limited received no dividends from chubb ina in 2016 and 2015. debt issued by chubb ina is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by chubb ina's insurance subsidiaries to chubb ina as well as other group resources. chubb ina received dividends of $1.8 billion and $833 million from its subsidiaries in 2016 and 2015, respectively. at december 31, 2016, the amount of dividends available to be paid to chubb ina in 2017 from its subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities totals $1.3 billion.
chubb ina received $1.0 billion in capital contributions from chubb limited and $4.2 billion from chubb group holdings during 2016. chubb ina also received $5.1 billion in capital contributions in 2015, of which $2.8 billion were paid in 2015, while the remaining $2.3 billion were paid in 2016. $5.0 billion of these capital contributions were sourced from the dividends from the bermuda subsidiaries to fund the chubb corp acquisition as noted above.
cash flows our insurance and reinsurance operations provide liquidity in that premiums are received in advance, sometimes substantially in advance, of the time claims are paid. generally, cash flows are affected by claim payments that, due to the nature of our operations, may comprise large loss payments on a limited number of claims and which can fluctuate significantly from period to period. the irregular timing of these loss payments can create significant variations in cash flows from operations between periods. refer to "contractual obligations and commitments" for our estimate of future claim payments by period. sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. the following is a discussion of our cash flows for 2016, 2015, and 2014.
operating cash flows reflect net income for each period, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital.
cash used for investing was $5.3 billion in 2016, compared to $6.3 billion and $2.5 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in cash used for investing of $979 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to cash paid for the purchase of chubb corp of $14.3 billion, which was largely funded by sales in our investment portfolio, including net proceeds in short-term investments. the increase in cash used for investing of $3.8 billion in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to changes in our investment portfolios, principally an increase in short-term investments, to fund the chubb corp acquisition. this was offset by a net cash inflow of $264 million related to the purchase of fireman's fund high net worth personal lines business (cash paid of $365 million, netted with cash acquired of $629 million).
cash (used for) from financing was $(742) million in 2016, compared to $3.7 billion in 2015, and $(1.8) billion in 2014. cash used for financing in 2016 included $1.2 billion of dividends paid on common shares reflecting our higher outstanding share count following the chubb corp acquisition, partially offset by policyholder deposits, net of withdrawals, of $269 million.
cash from financing in 2015 included $4.9 billion of net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt (net of repayments) partially offset by $862 million of dividends paid on common shares and $758 million of share repurchases. cash used for financing in 2014 included $1.4 billion of share repurchases and $862 million of dividends paid on common shares. dividends paid on common shares in 2015 were flat compared to 2014 as the three percent increase in our quarterly dividend beginning with the payment made in july 2015 was offset by fewer shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases in 2015.
both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. in many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss.
in the current low interest rate environment, we use repurchase agreements as a low-cost alternative for short-term funding needs and to address short-term cash timing differences without disrupting our investment portfolio holdings. at december 31, 2016, there were $1.4 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next 8 months.
in addition to cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements, we have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs to enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. the programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. in each program, participating chubb entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider. each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (u.s. dollars) and then notionally pooled. the bank extends overdraft credit to all participating chubb entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. actual cash balances are not physically converted and are not commingled between legal entities. chubb entities may incur overdraft balances as a means to address short-term liquidity needs. any overdraft balances incurred under this program by a chubb entity would be guaranteed by chubb limited (up to $300 million in the aggregate). our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating chubb entities withdraw contributed funds from the pool.
capital resources capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations.
trust preferred securities                                                                  308                     307
total shareholders' equity                                                               48,275                  29,135
total capitalization                                                                    $61,693                 $38,831
ratio of financial debt to total capitalization                                            21.3   %                24.2   %
ratio of financial debt plus trust preferred securities to total capitalization            21.8   %                25.0   %
repurchase agreements are excluded from the table above and are disclosed separately from short-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. the repurchase agreements are collateralized borrowings where we maintain the right and ability to redeem the collateral on short notice, unlike short-term debt which comprises the current maturities of our long-term debt instruments.
effective january 1, 2016, we retrospectively adopted new accounting guidance that requires debt issuance costs to be recorded as a reduction of the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of as a deferred charge. accordingly, we reclassified $60 million of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt ($58 million) and trust preferred securities ($2 million) as of december 31, 2015 to reflect this adoption.
on january 14, 2016, we acquired chubb corp for approximately $29.5 billion, comprising $14.3 billion in cash and $15.2 billion in newly-issued stock, based on the chubb limited (formerly ace limited) closing price on the acquisition date. in addition, we assumed outstanding equity awards to employees and directors with an attributed value of approximately $323 million. the total consideration, including assumption of equity awards, was $29.8 billion. we financed the cash portion of the transaction through a combination of $9.0 billion sourced from various chubb limited and chubb corp companies plus $5.3 billion of senior notes, which were issued in november 2015. refer to note 2 and note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the acquisition and the $5.3 billion of senior notes, respectively.
as part of the acquisition, we assumed chubb corp's senior and subordinated debt obligations, totaling $3.3 billion par value (fair valued at $3.8 billion at the acquisition date), which is guaranteed by chubb limited. included in the debt obligations are junior subordinated capital securities of $1.0 billion that bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.375 percent through april 14, 2017 and at a rate equal to the three-month libor rate plus 2.25 percent thereafter. if the current three-month libor rate is not substantially higher in early 2017, and the near-term expectations are similar, it is our expectation that these securities would not be redeemed at the reset date. however, our expectations are subject to change depending on market conditions and other factors.
we believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis. our ability to access the capital markets is dependent on, among other things, market conditions and our perceived financial strength. we have accessed both the debt and equity markets from time to time. we generally maintain the ability to issue certain classes of debt and equity securities via an unlimited sec shelf registration which is renewed every three years. this allows us capital market access for refinancing as well as for unforeseen or opportunistic capital needs. in october 2015, we filed a new unlimited shelf registration which allows us to issue certain classes of debt and equity. this shelf registration expires in october 2018.
securities repurchases from time to time, we repurchase shares as part of our capital management program. our board of directors has authorized share repurchase programs as follows:
as of december 31, 2016, there were 13,815,148 common shares in treasury with a weighted average cost of $107.16 per share.
at our may 2015 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $2.68 per share, which was paid in four quarterly installments of $0.67 per share at dates determined by the board after the annual general meeting by way of a distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment.
at our may 2016 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $2.76 per share, expected to be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.69 per share after the annual general meeting by way of a distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. the board will determine the record and payment dates at which the annual dividend may be paid, and is authorized to abstain from distributing a dividend at its dividend distributions on common shares amounted to chf 2.70 ($2.74) per share for the year ended december 31, 2016. refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our dividends.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table presents our future payments due by period under contractual obligations at december 31, 2016:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                                     total          2017            and 2019            and 2021          thereafter payment amounts determinable from the respective contracts deposit liabilities (1)                                                                          $1,559                 $18                        $37                        $37              $1,467
investments, including limited partnerships (3)                                                   2,756               1,319                      1,031                        406                   -
trust preferred securities                                                                          309                   -                          -                          -                 309
estimated payments for future policy benefits                                                    20,549                 905                      1,767                      1,544              16,333
total contractual obligations and commitments                                                  $108,789             $20,499                    $22,406                    $13,126             $52,758
(2)   primarily comprises audit fees and agreements with vendors to purchase system software administration and maintenance services.
(3)   funding commitment primarily related to limited partnerships. the timing of the payments of these commitments is uncertain and may differ from the estimated timing in the table.
(4)   junior subordinated capital securities of $1.0 billion bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.375 percent through april 14, 2017 and at a rate equal to the three-month libor rate plus 2.25 percent thereafter. for purposes of the above table, interest after april 14, 2017 was calculated using the three-month libor rate as of december 31, 2016. the table includes future interest payments through the scheduled maturity date, april 15, 2037. interest payments for the period from the scheduled maturity date through the final maturity date, march 29, 2067, would increase the contractual obligation by $974 million.
the above table excludes the following items:
   pension obligations: minimum funding requirements for our pension obligations are immaterial. subsequent funding commitments are apt to vary due to many factors and are difficult to estimate at this time. refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
   liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits: the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, was $17 million at december 31, 2016. we recognize accruals for interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. at december 31, 2016, we had $4 million in liabilities for income tax-related interest and penalties in our consolidated balance sheets. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate for the timing of cash settlement with respect to these liabilities. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we have no other significant contractual obligations or commitments not reflected in the table above. we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources.
estimated gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts we are obligated to pay claims under insurance and reinsurance contracts for specified loss events covered under those contracts. such loss payments represent our most significant future payment obligation as a p&c insurance and reinsurance company. in contrast to other contractual obligations, cash payments are not determinable from the terms specified within the contract. for example, we do not ultimately make a payment to our counterparty for many insurance and reinsurance contracts (i.e., when a loss event has not occurred) and if a payment is to be made, the amount and timing cannot be determined from the contract. in the table above, we estimate payments by period relating to our gross liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses included in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2016, and do not take into account reinsurance recoverable. these estimated loss payments are inherently uncertain and the amount and timing of actual loss payments are likely to differ from these estimates and the differences could be material. given the numerous factors and assumptions involved in both estimates of loss and loss expense reserves and related estimates as to the timing of future loss and loss expense payments in the table above, differences between actual and estimated loss payments will not necessarily indicate a commensurate change in ultimate loss estimates. the liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses presented in our balance sheet is discounted for certain structured settlements for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable and certain reserves for unsettled claims that are discounted in statutory filings. accordingly, the estimated amounts in the table exceed the liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses presented in our balance sheet. refer to note 1 h) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
estimated payments for future policy benefits we establish reserves for future policy benefits for life, long-term health, and annuity contracts. the amounts in the table are gross of fees or premiums due from the underlying contracts. the liability for future policy benefits for life, long-term health, and annuity contracts presented in our balance sheet is discounted and reflected net of fees or premiums due from the underlying contracts. accordingly, the estimated amounts in the table exceed the liability for future policy benefits presented in our balance sheet. payment amounts related to these reserves must be estimated and are not determinable from the contract. due to the uncertainty with respect to the timing and amount of these payments, actual results could materially differ from the estimates in the table.
credit facilities as our bermuda subsidiaries are non-admitted insurers and reinsurers in the u.s., the terms of certain u.s. insurance and reinsurance contracts require them to provide collateral, which can be in the form of letters of credit (locs). locs may also be used for general corporate purposes.
we have a $1.5 billion unsecured operational loc facility guaranteed by chubb limited which expires in november 2017. we are allowed to use up to $300 million of this loc facility as an unsecured revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2016, outstanding locs issued under this facility were $443 million.
it is anticipated that our $1.5 billion unsecured operational loc facility will be renewed on expiration but such renewal is subject to the availability of credit from banks utilized by chubb. in the event that such credit support is insufficient, we could be required to provide alternative security to clients. this could take the form of additional insurance trusts supported by our investment portfolio or funds withheld using our cash resources. the value of locs required is driven by, among other things, statutory liabilities reported by variable annuity guarantee reinsurance clients, loss development of existing reserves, the payment pattern of such reserves, the expansion of business, and loss experience of such business.
the facility noted above requires that we maintain certain covenants, all of which have been met at december 31, 2016. these covenants include:
(ii)   maintenance of a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1. under this covenant, debt does not include repurchase agreements, trust preferred securities or mezzanine equity, except where the ratio of the sum of trust preferred securities and mezzanine equity to total capitalization is greater than 15 percent. in this circumstance, the amount greater than 15 percent would be included in the debt to total capitalization ratio. this covenant also excludes the purchase accounting fair value adjustment of the debt acquired through the chubb corp acquisition.
at december 31, 2016, (a) the minimum consolidated net worth requirement under the covenant described in (i) above was $29.0 billion and our actual consolidated net worth as calculated under that covenant was $47.2 billion and (b) our ratio of debt to total capitalization, as calculated under the covenant which excludes the fair value adjustment of debt acquired through the chubb corp acquisition, was .207 to 1, which is below the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.35 to 1 as described in (ii) above.
our failure to comply with the covenants under any credit facility would, subject to grace periods in the case of certain covenants, result in an event of default. this could require us to repay any outstanding borrowings or to cash collateralize locs under such facility. our failure to repay material financial obligations, as well as our failure with respect to certain other events expressly identified, would result in an event of default under the facility.
ratings chubb limited and its subsidiaries are assigned credit and financial strength (insurance) ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, including s&p, a.m. best, moody's, and fitch. the ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available directly from the agencies. our internet site (investors.chubb.com, under shareholder resources/rating agency ratings) also contains some information about our ratings, but such information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
financial strength ratings reflect the rating agencies' opinions of a company's claims paying ability. independent ratings are one of the important factors that establish our competitive position in the insurance markets. the rating agencies consider many factors in determining the financial strength rating of an insurance company, including the relative level of statutory surplus necessary to support the business operations of the company. these ratings are based upon factors relevant to policyholders, agents, and intermediaries and are not directed toward the protection of investors. such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities.
credit ratings assess a company's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on its debt.
it is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may reduce our existing ratings. if one or more of our ratings were downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. in addition, our insurance and reinsurance operations could be adversely impacted by a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, including a possible reduction in demand for our products in certain markets. also, we have insurance and reinsurance contracts which contain rating triggers. in the event the s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings of chubb fall, we may be faced with the cancellation of premium or be required to post collateral on our underlying obligation associated with this premium. we estimate that at december 31, 2016, a one-notch downgrade of our s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings would result in an immaterial loss of premium or requirement for collateral to be posted.