A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers or consolidations that reduce the number of wireless service providers, zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations, and the financial condition of wireless service providers. Our industry is highly competitive, and our tenants have numerous alternatives in leasing antenna space. Pricing competition from peers could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. In addition, should inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators, our income could be adversely affected. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. Our business is subject to government and tax regulations, and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate as we currently do. Existing regulatory policies may materially and adversely affect the timing or cost of construction projects associated with our communications sites. Our business and that of our tenants are subject to federal, state, local, and foreign regulations. We anticipate that revenues from our international operations will continue to grow, but our foreign operations are subject to economic, political, and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. We face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments, and financing transactions related to our international business. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of tenants, and we are sensitive to changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants. Many wireless service providers operate with substantial levels of debt, and if our tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites. Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations. Our towers, data centers, or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational, reporting, and compliance activities. If our computer systems and backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, we could suffer interruptions in our operations. Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. We may also be liable under environmental and occupational safety and health laws. Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations. We may not always have the ability to access, analyze, and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results.