We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, which places significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and may limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results if we are unable to manage growth effectively. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with laws that may impede our growth. We may not be able to adequately predict customer demand or optimize our fulfillment network and data centers, which could result in excess or insufficient capacity and harm our business. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy customer demands is critical to our performance under pressure. We may not be able to manage our fulfillment network effectively, which could negatively impact our operational continuity. The seasonality of our business places increased strain on our operations, and we expect a disproportionate amount of our net sales to occur during our fourth quarter. If we do not stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts, it could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. Our reliance on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory and completed orders could negatively impact our operating results if we are unable to negotiate acceptable terms or if they experience performance problems. We face significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results due to seasonality, new product launches, and rapid changes in consumer demand. Our supplier relationships expose us to risks, including the potential inability to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely manner. We may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide services if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining, or developing these services. Our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining commercial agreements and strategic alliances. We may not be able to enter into additional commercial relationships on favorable terms, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our international activities may not be profitable on a sustained basis, and we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages. We also face risks related to government contracts and procurement regulations, which could result in civil and criminal penalties. Our digital content offerings depend on effective digital rights management technology, and if this technology is compromised, it could expose us to claims and harm our business. We believe that advances in technology will continue to improve the consumer experience and increase its ubiquity in people's lives, and we are investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices. We seek to invest efficiently in technology and content to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. The current global economic climate amplifies many of these risks, and we continually evaluate opportunities to strengthen our financial position and manage our operational resources effectively.