Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. We have experienced rapid growth and increased demand for our products, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and continue to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships, our inability to manage the growth of our business, and our inability to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses and earnings and prevent certain losses. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including the risks described elsewhere in this annual report. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. Our results of operations are likely to vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. We expect that large purchases by a limited number of end customers will continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue, and any loss or delay of expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party technology. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in a rapidly evolving market requires that we successfully release new products that meet the increasingly sophisticated networking requirements of our end customers. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards and changing end-customer needs. If we fail to keep up with technology changes or to convince our end customers of the value of our solutions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time or on a cost-effective basis, which may result in the loss of sales and end customers. We depend on our direct sales force to obtain new end customers and increase sales with existing end customers. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training, retaining and integrating sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth, particularly in international markets. We are subject to a number of risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations. Our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. We have a limited history of marketing, selling and supporting our products and services internationally. Our business is subject to the risks of warranty claims, product returns, product liability and product defects. We may also be required to provide full replacements or refunds for defective products. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications and hardware developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products.