The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications, which are subject to rapid technological change. The company's long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and if it fails or is significantly delayed in introducing new product line concepts or if the company's new products are not met with market acceptance, its business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business, competing primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. Changes in defense expenditures may reduce the company's sales, and a significant decline in U.S. or foreign government defense expenditures could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations. The company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt, and the ability to meet financial covenants can be affected by events beyond the company's control. The company relies on the capital markets, and its inability to access those markets on favorable terms could adversely affect its results. The company manages currency exposure risk in various ways, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, cost reduction and pricing actions, and working capital management. However, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk. The company may experience difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses, including the potential for the impairment of goodwill. The company has completed a number of acquisitions in recent years and anticipates continuing to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. Changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies, and other factors beyond the company's control may adversely impact its business and operating results. The company may experience difficulties in obtaining a consistent supply of materials at stable pricing levels, and volatility in the prices of such materials may have a substantial impact on the price the company pays for such materials. The company's business reputation and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of its employees, customers, suppliers, distributors, or any other business partners. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, and the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and has been able to borrow funds at reasonable interest rates, which is part of its overall cash management strategy.