Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. Slow economic growth or deterioration in economic conditions could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to borrow and pay amounts owed to us. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the environment generally can be sudden and severe. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. We expect expenses such as card member rewards and card member services expenses to continue to increase as we improve our value propositions for card members, including in response to increased competition. Our ability to manage operational and compliance risks is critical, as operational risk includes the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. We define operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment. Our information security program and operating model are designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management program seeks to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. The implementation and execution of the program is headed by our chief risk officer. We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a twelve-month period, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk, strategic and business risk, and reputational risk. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other conditions. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics, information or cyber security incidents, and other catastrophic events can have a negative effect on our business. We are exposed to risks associated with these industries, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations, and alliances of our partners. Our ability to effectively manage these triggering events could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our relationships with, and revenues related to, partners extend beyond cobrand accounts and include merchant acceptance of American Express cards, participation in our membership rewards program, and travel-related benefits and services.