Any of the factors described below could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. We are focusing our efforts and resources in disease areas of high unmet need. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients. Our ability to successfully execute our operating model evolution could impact our results. If we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change from our operating model evolution and manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows and earnings. The announcement of any negative or unexpected data or the discontinuation of development of any of our key compounds may cause our stock price to decline significantly and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including due to efficacy and safety concerns, delayed or denied regulatory approvals, delays or challenges with producing products on a commercial scale or excessive costs to manufacture them. The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. We may incur an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operation or trading price of our stock if one of our major products were to become subject to issues such as loss of patent protection, significant changes in demand, formulary access changes, material product liability, unexpected side effects, regulatory proceedings, negative publicity or a significant advancement of competing products. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations, including for future royalty and milestone payments; adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. Our commercial model has been evolving and revenues from our marketed product portfolio continue to grow which demonstrates strong execution of our strategy. Our operating model continues to evolve and we have been successful in focusing commercial and R&D resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers, delivering leaner administrative functions and streamlining our manufacturing network to reflect the importance of biologics in our current and future portfolio. We continue to monitor the potential impact of the economic conditions in certain European and other countries and the related impact on prescription trends, pricing discounts and creditworthiness of our customers. We believe these economic conditions will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow or financial flexibility. Our ability to maintain operational continuity and adapt to changing market conditions is critical for our success. The evolution in our operating model will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio.