The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business, which include macroeconomic risks that are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic conditions globally and regionally, and the demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical, significantly reduced during periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs, which is dependent on our ability to maintain key dealer relationships and produce products that meet quality, performance, and price expectations. Our continued success in selling products that appeal to our customers is dependent on leading-edge innovation and the availability and effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing, and we may experience excess inventories and be forced to incur additional costs if demand for our products is less than expected. Our business is subject to operational risks, including the need to develop effective sales, advertising, and marketing programs. We face risks related to labor unrest, negative publicity, and business disruption in connection with our cost reduction actions. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events could adversely affect our operations and financial performance, resulting in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers. We are also exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. Our global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased, and sold in the U.S. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability or uncertainty. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from cash flow improvement initiatives and efficiency or productivity initiatives. We are actively engaged in a number of initiatives to increase our productivity, efficiency, and cash flow, which we expect to have a positive long-term effect on our business. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure. We may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits of these actions, and failure to realize anticipated savings could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from our acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following a completed acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results, and we are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. The potential liabilities, sanctions, damages, and remediation efforts related to any non-compliance with such laws and regulations could negatively impact our ability to conduct our operations and our financial condition and results of operations.