Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments, which challenge existing business models. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among various constituencies, including our customers and consumers. We are attempting to adapt our video service offerings to changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying our x1 platform and cloud DVR technology. The success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet services and business services and by launching additional services. We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our cable communications segment's largest single expense item and to increase for the foreseeable future. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 and the continued development of our x1 set-top boxes. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks may disrupt our businesses. Cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks and information systems. These events could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, and damage to our reputation. Our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring due to the nature of our businesses. We have developed and maintained systems and operate an extensive security program to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, but there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. We are also subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses, including global financial market turmoil, economic volatility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and the requirements of local laws and customs. The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses, and while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel, the loss of one or more of them could have a negative impact on our businesses.