Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility in the U.S. equity markets. However, as evidenced by our past performance, in the period after a material market disturbance, there may persist extreme uncertainties, which may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure and lack of available capital. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business. Compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber security risks. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions which occur at high volume and frequencies across multiple systems. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, or similar occurrences. If any of our systems or the systems of our third-party providers do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and increase our contract volume, which requires maintaining and expanding our product offerings, customer base, and trade execution and clearing facilities. Our strategic initiatives are focused on building upon our benchmark products, globalizing our company, expanding our customer base, and establishing ourselves as the leading exchange company provider of information products and index services. We may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary to support our growth organically or through acquisitions, other investments, or strategic alliances. Our growth strategy also may subject us to increased legal, compliance, and regulatory obligations. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially harmed. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability, and speed required by our customers. Our ability to enhance our electronic trading systems and technology offerings is critical to remain competitive and adapt to changing market conditions.