Our value proposition principles, namely to maintain financial strength, grow our distributions and pursue disciplined growth, remain essentially unchanged. However, we took steps to improve our competitiveness and resilience by establishing clear priorities for cash allocation. We believe that our commitment to our value proposition positions the company for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the disciplined financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets which strategically fit our development plans. We have a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship, and we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment. Our sustainability efforts focused on implementing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety, and environment and operational performance. Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight. Our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry, and we compete with private, public, and state-owned companies in all facets of the exploration and production business. Our ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change. We also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations. We are regularly evaluated by major rating agencies based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry generally. Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business. Our ability to obtain additional financing, or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our stated plans, will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, investor sentiment, and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding debt. We believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours. Our commitment to our value proposition is evidenced by our results, which position the company for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility. We are managing our business to optimize and deliver on our value propositions and cash priorities in a demanding business environment. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our operations and the demand for our products could be materially impacted by the development and adoption of alternative energy technologies. We are committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 5 to 15 percent by 2030 from a 2017 baseline, demonstrating our systematic approach to managing climate-related risks throughout the business.