Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as part of its business planning process, recognizing that extended periods of low prices for crude oil can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Cyberattacks targeting Chevron's process control networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company's business and results of operations, as the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Chevron's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and the company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources, and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from significant incidents or unforeseen liabilities. The company is required to comply with U.S. sanctions laws and regulations, which could adversely impact operations in certain countries. The landscape of greenhouse gas emissions-related laws and regulations is in a state of constant re-assessment, making it difficult to predict the ultimate impact on the company. Consideration of greenhouse gas issues and responses to those issues through international agreements and national, regional, or state legislation or regulations are integrated into the company's strategy and planning, capital investment reviews, and risk management tools and processes. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of political decision-making processes and the variables and tradeoffs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant, and equipment; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; and accruals for estimated liabilities.