Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Conditions in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation. In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences, allocate our R&D funding to products and services with higher growth prospects, anticipate and respond to our competitors' development of new products and services and technological innovations, differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings and avoid commoditization, innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets. We may incur significant costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. Our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners of ours that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws. Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our financial statements and our business, including our reputation. Our restructuring actions could have long-term adverse effects on our business. In recent years, we have implemented significant restructuring activities across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, and we may engage in similar restructuring activities in the future. These restructuring activities and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities reduce our available talent, assets and other resources and could slow improvements in our products and services, adversely affect our ability to respond to customers, limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases and trigger adverse public attention. If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, public health crisis, war, terrorism or other natural or man-made disasters. If any of these facilities, supply chains or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses.