The ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the ACA continue to represent significant challenges to the U.S. health care system. These laws impose significant fees, assessments, and taxes on health insurers, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We have made adjustments to our premium rates and geographic participation based on our experience in public exchange markets, and we will continue to evaluate the performance of our public exchange plans going forward. Insurers have faced uncertainties related to federal government funding for various ACA programs, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if premiums are not adequate or do not appropriately reflect the acuity of these individuals. The individual market risk pool has become less healthy since the ACA's inception, and the reduction of the individual mandate penalty to zero is expected to result in further deterioration of the overall individual market risk pool. The ACA has imposed regulations on the health insurance sector, including guaranteed coverage and expanded benefit requirements, which may impact our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions. We are subject to significant government regulation, and changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Our insurance, managed health care, and HMO subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by regulatory authorities in each state in which they are licensed or authorized to do business. Future regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on the profitability or marketability of our health benefits or managed care products. We face risks associated with participating in Medicaid and Medicare programs, including dependence upon government funding and compliance with government contracts. We are also involved in various legal actions that may affect our business, including employment-related suits, administrative charges, and breach of contract actions. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances, which may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings, or synergies. Our inability to predict and contain health care costs, implement increases in premium rates on a timely basis, or maintain adequate reserves for policy benefits may adversely affect our business. We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity, and changing laws and regulations. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale and provides us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures. We have a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. Our investment strategy seeks to minimize financial risk while maximizing long-term returns. We maintain a common stock repurchase program and regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions and dividends to shareholders. The declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock are at the discretion of our board of directors and depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, and regulatory requirements.