We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. Security breaches, computer malware or other "cyber attacks" could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. Operational failures could harm our business and reputation. An operational failure could be caused by our actions or the actions of third parties, and could involve networks and systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and over which we have limited or no control. A prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue. We may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. The heightened regulatory environment in the financial services industry may have an adverse impact on our clients and our business. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could expose us to litigation or regulatory proceedings, harm our client relationships and reputation, and inhibit our ability to obtain new clients. We depend on the experience, skill and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. If we fail to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. Given this concentration, we are exposed to the global economic conditions in the financial services industry. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services. The market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability. We believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by a combination of factors including speed, cost, ease-of-use, security and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses. We expect to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service or technology that helps meet client demand. We frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the right set of businesses to execute on our strategy. Our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, perception of our potential future earnings and the market price of our common stock. Our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients. The financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition as well. Our revenue is diversified, and our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs.