In evaluating our business, we note that a substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat HIV and HCV, and any inability to increase sales or maintain market share could adversely affect our results of operations. The primary drivers of our HCV product revenues are patient starts, net pricing, and market share, and we continue to experience global pricing pressure which could result in larger discounts or rebates on our products. Future sales may be difficult to estimate due to the extent of reimbursement by private and government payers, and fluctuations in purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers may result in fluctuations in our product sales, revenues, and earnings. We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms, and generic drug manufacturers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and stock price. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and international regulations, and failure to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. The results and anticipated timelines of our clinical trials are uncertain and may not support continued development of a product candidate, which would adversely affect our prospects for future revenue growth. We rely on third-party contract research organizations to conduct our clinical trials, and any disputes or disruptions in our relationships with these organizations could lead to delays. We also depend on collaborative relationships with major pharmaceutical companies for sales and marketing performance, and failure to maintain these relationships could negatively impact our business. Our success depends significantly on our ability to defend our patents and other intellectual property rights, as well as on our ability to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. We are subject to various legal actions that require us to expend substantial internal and financial resources, and adverse developments could significantly reduce our earnings and cash flows. Business disruptions from natural or man-made disasters may harm our future revenues, and our worldwide operations could be subject to interruptions for which we may be uninsured or inadequately insured. We are dependent on information technology systems, and any security breaches could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm. Our ability to pay dividends and repurchase stock will depend on various factors, including cash balances and potential future capital requirements. We believe our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. However, we may require additional funding in the future, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. The commercial performance of our current and future products, the progress and scope of our R&D efforts, and the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or other companies will influence our future capital requirements.