Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition and the need to innovate to remain relevant. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies to the marketplace in a timely manner. The ongoing investment in new businesses and products is inherently risky and could disrupt current operations. We face risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management that could impact our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms. We may experience supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material availability and manufacturing capacity, which could negatively impact our operations. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, including evolving foreign laws and legal systems, and compliance with complex international and U.S. laws and regulations. We are regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations that could adversely impact our business. The occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Our products and services are highly technical and complex, and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in our services or the failure of our systems. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain state-of-the-art security protections that shield against theft and security breaches. Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet, and any restrictions imposed by internet access providers could lead to additional expenses and loss of users. Our future success depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and services. We expect to continue to invest in research and development to enhance our technology and our existing products and services. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe. The loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business. We face a number of risks related to acquisitions, joint ventures, and investments, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business, and maintaining and enhancing these brands is essential for entering new categories and launching innovative products. We believe that our holding company reorganization increases management scale and allows us to focus on running our diverse businesses independently. However, we may incur the costs of a holding company structure without realizing the anticipated benefits. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations. We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business, and changes in public policies governing a wide range of topics may adversely affect our business. Our ability to keep our products and services operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions is crucial for our performance. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements, including capital expenditures and working capital requirements.