Our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition are subject to principal risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near and long term. Industry and economic conditions may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers, which in turn can affect demand for our products and services. The operating results of our commercial aviation business unit may be adversely affected by downturns in global demand for air travel, impacting new aircraft production or the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders. Operating results could also be impacted by changes in overall trends related to end market demand for the product portfolio, as well as new entrants and non-traditional players entering the market. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery during times of volatile demand. We may not be able to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities and transitions to cost-competitive regions. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution of the planned initiatives, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, and adverse effects on employee morale. Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. We are subject to potentially material liabilities related to the remediation of environmental hazards and to claims of personal injuries or property damages that may be caused by hazardous substance releases and exposures. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, and continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems. A material disruption of our operations, particularly at our manufacturing facilities or within our information technology infrastructure, could adversely affect our business. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to natural disasters, power outages, terrorism, and other reasons, which can result in undesirable consequences, including financial losses and damaged relationships with customers. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions. Our emphasis is primarily on the safety of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield of funds. We believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs.