The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes, functions, and technologies to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company has been moving away from certain segments of the IT industry and into areas in which it can differentiate itself through innovation, leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If the company is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains, but client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly growing segments. The company needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced employees and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, and although there has not been a cybersecurity attack that has had a material adverse effect on the company, the evolving cybersecurity landscape may necessitate significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. The company takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, but such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. The company's financial performance is exposed to a wide variety of industry sector dynamics worldwide, and its earnings and cash flows could be negatively impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions. The company employs a number of strategies to manage risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments, which involve the risk of non-performance by the counterparty. The company's reliance on third-party distribution channels and ecosystems could impact its business, as changes in the business condition of these distributors, resellers, and ecosystem partners could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring its products to market. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks relating to the integration of the business into the company. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and fraud. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection, which could incur substantial costs if violated. The company's results of operations could also be affected by economic and political changes in the countries where it operates, as well as by macroeconomic changes, including recessions and currency fluctuations. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could be impacted by changes to existing laws and regulations governing intellectual property.