The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets, or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Legislative and regulatory actions may change the way we conduct our business and may create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. Many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations, greater emphasis on risk management, market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes, and the move to passive investing and indexation. We have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 21% in 2013 to 58% in 2017. This non-transaction revenue includes data services, listings, and other revenues. Our trading and clearing segment operating income increased for the year ended December 31, 2017, from the comparable period in 2016. Trading and clearing segment operating margins were 63%, 61%, and 56% for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. The operating income and operating margin increases the last two years were driven by the revenue increases discussed above and operating expense decreases. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business. The majority of our operating expenses do not vary directly with changes in our volume and revenues, except for certain technology and communication expenses and a portion of our compensation expense that is tied directly to our data sales or overall financial performance. Our chief operating decision maker does not review total assets or statements of income below operating income by segments. We have employed a reasonable allocation method to allocate expenses between the segments for presentation purposes. We have elected to use a pro-rata revenue approach as the allocation method for the expenses that do not relate solely to one segment. We have also recorded rebates in our markets primarily to support market liquidity and trading volume by providing qualified participants in those markets a discount to the applicable commission rate. The increase in the rebates is due primarily to an increase in the number of participants in the rebate programs offered on various contracts, an increase in our traded volume, and an increase in the number of rebate programs. Our trading and clearing revenues are reported on a net basis and consist of fees collected from our derivatives, cash equities, and equity options trading and derivatives clearing. The duration of economic and regulatory uncertainty, coupled with periods of high market volatility, has affected our clients' activities in recent years. The resilience of our business model is supported by our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and regulatory environments, ensuring operational continuity and maintaining performance under pressure.