Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. Strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans, and growth strategy, including the risks associated with competitive pressures on our product offerings and business models; our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends; and our reliance on third-party intellectual property. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access consumer software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We need to continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources. Our consumer and professional tax businesses depend significantly on revenue from customers who return each year to use our updated tax preparation and filing software and services. If we are not able to develop and clearly demonstrate the value of new or upgraded products or services to our customers, or effectively utilize our customers' data, our revenues may be harmed. Our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of our customers' or employees' sensitive and personal information and data. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We implemented additional security measures in our products and began working with state governments to share information regarding suspicious filings while continuing to share such information with the federal government. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers, and damage our reputation. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. The nature of our products and services necessitates timely product launches, and if we experience significant product accuracy or quality problems or delays, it may harm our revenue, earnings, and reputation. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, especially in our payroll and payments businesses. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. We also face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during peak periods where we derive a substantial portion of our overall revenue from the tax businesses.