The company faces a number of uncertainties and risks that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the company's control. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. The company has experienced significant challenges to patents covering its largest product, remicade® (infliximab), and continues to assert certain patents related to the product. Global sales in the company's pharmaceutical and medical devices segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures. The company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. The company may not be able to successfully secure and defend intellectual property rights essential to its businesses. The company is subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as patent disputes and product liability. The resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows for that period. The company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations, labor disputes, natural disasters, and political unrest. Such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales, and reputational impact as well as significant remediation costs. The company continually assesses information security threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities. The company is committed to bringing its full breadth and depth to ensure health for people today and for future generations. The company is poised to fulfill its purpose and successfully meet the demands of the rapidly evolving markets in which it competes. The company leverages extensive resources across the enterprise to innovate and execute with excellence, ensuring it can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society. The company's continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving health care needs of patients, providers, and consumers. The company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures, and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. The company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations, and legal action, which can lead to fines, penalties, product recalls, and interruptions in production. The company is aware that its products are used in an environment where policymakers, consumers, and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of health care. The company continues to monitor economic conditions and take appropriate actions to maintain profitability. The company strives to maintain profit margins through cost reduction programs and productivity improvements. The company faces various worldwide health care changes that may result in pricing pressures, including health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, and reimbursement of health care products. The company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly and operates in certain countries where economic conditions present significant challenges.