JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure the ability to recover critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology, and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. There can be no assurance that JPMorgan Chase's resiliency plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers. Any significant failure or disruption of JPMorgan Chase's operations or operational systems could hinder its ability to provide services to its clients and customers, require it to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, and cause it to incur financial losses, both from loss of revenue and damage to or loss of property. The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, payment processors, and other financial market infrastructures increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially affect JPMorgan Chase's ability to conduct business. As the speed, frequency, volume, and complexity of transactions increase, it becomes more challenging to effectively maintain JPMorgan Chase's operational systems and infrastructure, especially due to heightened risks that errors could cause widespread system disruption. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase's operational systems depend on the competence and reliability of its employees and those of third parties, and a significant operational breakdown or failure caused by human error or misconduct could materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase's businesses are highly dependent on the effectiveness of its operational systems, which rely on the ability to process, record, monitor, and report a large number of transactions on a continuous basis. The effectiveness of these systems is compromised if the quality of the information contained in them is inaccurate, outdated, or corrupted. JPMorgan Chase has experienced numerous cyberattacks on its computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets, which can disrupt, sabotage, or degrade service on JPMorgan Chase's systems. A successful cyberattack could result in significant disruption of JPMorgan Chase's operations and those of its clients, customers, and counterparties, including losing access to operational systems and misappropriation of confidential information. The risk of a security breach due to a cyberattack could increase as JPMorgan Chase continues to expand its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings. JPMorgan Chase's risk management framework is intended to mitigate risk and loss, but there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies, as there may be existing or future risks that JPMorgan Chase has not appropriately anticipated or identified. Any inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework could expose JPMorgan Chase to unexpected losses, materially and adversely affecting its financial condition or results of operations. The effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase's risk management practices relies on the quality of its data gathering and validation processes, and deficiencies in these processes could result in ineffective risk management practices. JPMorgan Chase's ability to manage potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as its business activities encompass more transactions and obligations, and a failure to adequately address or appropriately disclose conflicts of interest could result in litigation and enforcement actions, damaging JPMorgan Chase's reputation and leading to lost revenue and higher operating costs.