We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, and our market share. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations while counteracting new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will necessitate new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect sensitive information or to comply with evolving regulations. Cyber-attacks are constantly evolving, and high-profile security breaches have occurred despite improved data protection methods. If a ransomware attack occurs, it is possible that we could be prevented from accessing our own data. Our systems are vulnerable to a number of causes, including power outages and technology system failures. In the event of a breach or damage, we may suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs is subject to various external factors, including wage rates and competition for talent. If we do not successfully manage the transition associated with leadership changes, it could be viewed negatively by our customers and shareholders and adversely impact our business. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow our public image and reputation, as any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly. Our ability to effectively manage relationships with selected suppliers is critical, and failure to do so could negatively impact our operations and financial results. We rely on a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some products, and if these vendors fail to perform as expected, our business could be adversely affected. Our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex, and if it does not operate properly, we could experience delays in inventory and increased delivery costs. Operating internationally presents unique challenges that may increase costs and risks, and our future operating results could be negatively affected by various factors, including unfavorable political or economic conditions. We must comply with various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and failure to comply could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are disrupted or if we fail to maintain and improve those systems. Disruption in financial markets or a deterioration of our credit strength could impact our ability to meet capital requirements.