The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The industry environment has moved toward being more characterized by variability across segments and customers accentuated by consolidation within the industry. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training and managing our workforce, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure and facilities, workforce, and other components of our business on a timely basis. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Future declines in the semiconductor industry, and the overall world economic conditions on which it is significantly dependent, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. In times of economic uncertainty, our customers' budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, changing business or economic conditions can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition. Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating results, and earnings. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams. Even during periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt. We depend on creating new products and processes and enhancing existing products and processes for our success. Consequently, we are subject to risks associated with rapid technological change. Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop technological advances that enable those processes. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. Our failure to develop and manufacture products successfully could adversely affect our business in a material way. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Future technologies, processes, or product developments may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products or obsolete inventory.