Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including users increasingly engaging with other competitive products or services, or if we fail to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising, and companies that provide development platforms for application developers. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our business is highly competitive, and competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon the size and composition of our user base, the engagement of users with our products and competing products, and the timing and market acceptance of products. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Any changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems could adversely affect the usage of our products and monetization on mobile devices. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. As our user base and engagement continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure to continue to satisfy the needs of our users and advertisers. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events. If such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or outages, and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services. We may also experience unforeseen difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects discovered in the software on which we rely could result in damage to our reputation, loss of users, loss of revenue, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results.