Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. If we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber-attack, power loss or telecommunications failure, our ability to operate will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. In such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business. The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, where we have significant operations and a large number of colleagues. Our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. A cyber-attack or other business continuity event affecting us or a key vendor could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability. Our business disruption insurance may also not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our customers' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. If we are unable to respond successfully to the changing conditions we face, our businesses, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely impacted. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. A failure by the third parties to comply with service level agreements, or regulatory or legal requirements in a high quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. Our inability to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty, could materially affect our ability to maintain operational continuity. We strive to create a culture in which our colleagues act with integrity and respect and feel comfortable speaking up to report instances of misconduct. Acts of misconduct by any employee, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. Negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct by us or those currently or formerly associated with us in any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, employment-related offenses, regulatory compliance, and the use and protection of data and systems.