Risk factors for determining the allowance for wholesale real estate loans include the underlying collateral type, loan-to-value ratio, and debt service ratio. Credit quality evaluations involve assessing financial statements, leverage, liquidity, capital strength, asset composition, market capitalization, cash flow projections, and the adequacy of collateral. The firm evaluates strategy, market position, industry dynamics, and management factors that could affect an obligor's risk profile. The firm utilizes credit quality indicators consistent with U.S. banking agencies' definitions of criticized exposures in its credit monitoring process for loans held for investment. The firm maintains an allowance for loan amounts it does not consider recoverable, and the related provision is recorded in compensation and benefits expense. The firm establishes procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of transactions under applicable law. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries presents a continuing business challenge. The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. The firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable, although actual results could differ materially from these estimates. The firm is involved with various special purpose entities (SPEs) in the normal course of business, and its variable interests in these entities include debt and equity interests, commitments, guarantees, and derivative instruments. The firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity upon its initial involvement and reassesses this determination on an ongoing basis. The firm focuses its analysis on decisions made prior to the initial closing of transactions and at the termination of transactions. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets. The firm considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The firm utilizes shorter-term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established longer tenor limits for less liquid assets. The firm monitors required margin levels and establishes credit terms daily, requiring customers to deposit additional collateral or reduce positions when necessary. The firm has established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits that it believes is adequate in relation to potential assessments. The firm is currently at various levels of field examination with respect to audits by the IRS and other tax authorities. The firm has provided standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees to counterparties, which represent obligations to make payments to third parties if the counterparty fails to fulfill its obligation. The firm also provides guarantees and indemnifications in a variety of transactions, including standard indemnities for certain contingent exposures and taxes. The firm has not recorded any contingent liability for these indemnifications and believes that the occurrence of any events triggering payments under these contracts is remote. The firm believes that it could incur losses in various legal actions and has established procedures to contest liability and/or the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. The firm assesses the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and believes that it maintained effective internal control as of the end of the reporting period.