Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services, and our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with AI. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation, which are essential for maintaining operational continuity and adapting to changing market conditions. Our investment in gaining insights from data is becoming central to the value of the services we deliver to customers, operational efficiency, and key opportunities in monetization. Our ability to use data effectively may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. The increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, and our success in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on a growing array of computing devices. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, which must evolve with the changing environment. Our practices for data collection, use, and management are subject to regulatory review, which may result in decisions directing us to change these practices and imposing fines. The complexity of developing new technologies can require long development and testing periods, and significant delays in new releases or problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy, which may involve significant challenges and risks, including the need to integrate and retain new employees and technology. The success of these transactions will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. However, our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. The security of our products and services is critical in our customers' decisions to purchase or use them, and threats to our IT infrastructure can also affect our customers. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services and enhance security and reliability features. Our increasing user traffic and the complexity of our products demand more computing power, and maintaining, securing, and expanding this infrastructure is expensive and complex. We must ensure that we maintain an internet connectivity infrastructure that is robust and reliable within competitive and regulatory constraints that continue to evolve. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is crucial for our organizational resilience, and changes to immigration policies may inhibit our ability to staff our research and development efforts effectively. The global nature of our business creates operational and economic risks, and geopolitical conditions may disrupt our business, impacting our ability to conduct normal operations.