Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and distribute through our service. If we are unable to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We rely on the continued service of our senior management and the hiring of new qualified employees. If our domestic DVD segment declines faster than anticipated, our business could be adversely affected. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we do not grow as expected, our margins, liquidity, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if membership acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. We face significant competition and must adapt to changes in the competitive landscape. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If we are unable to maintain a compelling mix of content, our membership acquisition and retention may be adversely affected. We are subject to economic, political, regulatory, and other risks arising from our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business and results of operations. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data or disrupt our service could harm our business, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict, or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. If we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, our business may suffer. We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations may limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general business purposes. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity.