The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. The average costs of product development continue to rise, as do the regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the number of candidates funded as well as the sustainability of the R&D portfolio. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. The ability to launch a generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical product at or before the anticipated formation of the generic or biosimilar marketplace is important to that product's profitability. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in R&D to achieve a sustainable pipeline that will deliver value in the near term and over time. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, trade regulations and procedures, and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of our products. Difficulties or delays in product manufacturing, sales, or marketing could affect future results through regulatory actions, shut-downs, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, or shortages. We are undertaking corrective actions to address the concerns raised by the FDA regarding our manufacturing facilities. Outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to sub-optimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, which may result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual or other obligations to Pfizer could delay or prevent the development, approval, or commercialization of our products and product candidates. Our ability to realize value on significant investments is often contingent upon regulatory approvals and market acceptance. We are subject to extensive, complex, costly, and evolving regulation by federal and state governmental authorities in the U.S. and foreign regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with all applicable regulatory requirements may subject us to operating restrictions and criminal prosecution, monetary penalties, and other disciplinary actions. We are involved in various legal proceedings, including patent, product liability, and other product-related litigation. Our activities relating to the sale and marketing of our products are subject to extensive regulation, and we have received inquiries and subpoenas from government authorities. The global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. However, we continue to monitor credit, capital restrictions, and economic situations in volatile regions and markets. We cannot predict the likelihood of future changes in these economic conditions or what impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition, or business.