We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events, and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in this form 10-K, quarterly and annual reports, press releases, and other written and oral communications. Our business is subject to numerous risks, including political volatility, labor market disruptions, and other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions, which could adversely affect our business. Uncertain global economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship. Disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may reduce our access to credit, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations. The loss or disruption of such arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed, have an adverse impact on our business. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives, and trade terms. Our success is dependent on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. If the reputation of the company or one or more of our brands erodes significantly, it could have a material impact on our financial results. We devote significant time and resources to programs that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to protect and preserve our reputation, such as social responsibility and environmental sustainability. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, many of which are managed or provided by third parties. Numerous and evolving information security threats pose a risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services. We continue to assess potential threats and vulnerabilities and make investments seeking to address them. Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments. Failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings could adversely impact our financial results. We must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities. Our ongoing business model includes a certain level of acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities while delivering against our business objectives. We believe that our strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers, and that innovation has always been, and continues to be, our lifeblood. We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability, and incentive compensation programs. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to our strengths.