The risks described below and in other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions, and a weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, and funding for working capital needs. Global economic uncertainty continues to exist, and higher inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates, and unemployment rates could also adversely affect demand for some of our products. The continuation or worsening of economic downturns may depress the demand for some of our products and adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow, or financial condition. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings, or cash flow. Our business is seasonal in nature, with the second and third quarters typically generating a higher proportion of sales and earnings than other quarters. The impact of hurricanes and other disasters resulted in a temporary shutdown of our operations in affected regions, leading to reduced revenues. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, for which compliance could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us, which may be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations due to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors, and increased competition may reduce our sales, earnings, or cash flow performance. The benefits expected from the acquisition of Valspar will depend on our ability to realize anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies, which may be affected by the successful integration of Valspar. There is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating an acquisition, and if senior management is not able to effectively manage this process, our business could suffer. Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations. We expect these laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry, and our costs to comply may increase, adversely affecting our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. We continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available. Our ability to manage risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition could be adversely affected by various international factors, including general economic conditions, inflation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and legal and regulatory constraints. The nature, cost, quantity, and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial condition. The uncertainties involved in litigation may ultimately affect our financial condition and necessitate adjustments to our financial statements.