The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. If the global economy and financial markets are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources, and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of our customers. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes, or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships. Our business may be harmed in the short term if our competitive relationship in the marketplace with certain of our large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. We also rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services; a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs, and lower our profitability. Our inability to complete any pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, focused research projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales in local currencies, the effects of acquisitions, and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. The restructuring actions for which charges were incurred are expected to result in annual cost savings, including actions to achieve acquisition synergies, which could enhance organizational resilience. The company is subject to various local, state, federal, foreign, and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of various regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in significant penalties or restrictions on operations, adversely affecting organizational health and resilience.