Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We face intense and increasing competition from other service providers as industry sectors converge, such as cable, telecom services and content, satellite, and other service providers. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, or possibly negative, leading to ongoing competition for customers. Our customers' appetite for data services will place increasing demands on our network capacity. We will need to acquire additional spectrum in order to continue our customer growth, expand and deepen our coverage, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands and deploy new technologies. Our ability to adapt to future changes in technology, continually invest in our network, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands is critical. We recognize that significant technological changes continue to impact the communications industry, and our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is essential. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data and to defend against attacks seeking to disrupt our services must be continually evaluated and revised to address the ever-evolving threat landscape. System failures and business disruptions may allow unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon both our systems and networks and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers to provide and support our services and, in some cases, protect our customers' information and our information. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture. The market for highly-skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. Our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented and highly-skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. We are currently implementing a new customer billing system, which involves a new third-party supported platform and utilization of a phased deployment approach. Any unanticipated difficulties, disruption, or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. We depend heavily on suppliers, their subcontractors, and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. Our business could be severely disrupted if key suppliers, contractors, service providers, or third-party retailers fail to comply with their contracts or become unable to continue provision of services or supplies. We are in the process of implementing a new billing system, which will support a portion of our subscribers, while maintaining our legacy billing system. Any occurrence of the foregoing could cause material adverse effects on our operations and financial condition, material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and reputational damage. We cannot assure you that all preventive actions taken will adequately repel a significant attack or prevent information security breaches or the misuses of data, unauthorized access by third parties or employees, or exploits against third-party supplier environments. Our ability to generate cash in the future, which is in turn subject to the operational risks described elsewhere in this report, will determine our capacity to make payments on our debt and fund our capital-intensive business and operations.