You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to TI, a company with broad international operations. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from small competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner is critical, as rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment, safety and health; exports and imports; bribery and corruption; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; market access; intellectual property ownership and infringement; and the movement of currency. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We have a significant amount of goodwill and intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet. Charges associated with impairments of goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash, and return that cash to shareholders. The breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of these needs than our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, underscoring the strength of our business model. Our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is essential for survival, growth, and flourishing in a competitive landscape.