The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations. We seek to balance growth and profitability across all dimensions, advocating for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends while remaining dedicated to partnering with states committed to the long-term viability of their programs. The ongoing pressure on Medicare Advantage funding places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We have made adjustments to partially offset rate pressures and reductions, intensifying our medical and operating cost management, making changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, and adjusting members' benefits. Our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. We are routinely subject to various litigation actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. We must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, increase prices for certain regulated products and services, and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. The health care industry is also regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage, and political debate surrounding industry regulation. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training around cyber risks to protect against security breaches. Our business activities are highly regulated, and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could materially and adversely affect our business. If we fail to estimate, price for, and manage our medical costs effectively, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity that has occurred in the industries in which we operate. If we are unable to maintain or grow satisfactory relationships with physicians, or to acquire, recruit, or retain enrollees following the departure of a physician, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected.