Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below. Our business depends on our ability to obtain marketing authorization and reimbursement for tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in ex-u.s. markets. We are investing significant resources in the development of our next-generation cftr corrector compounds, and if we are unable to show the safety and efficacy of these compounds, our business would be materially harmed. The discovery and development of a new pharmaceutical product is a difficult and lengthy process that requires significant financial resources along with extensive technical and regulatory expertise and can take 10 to 15 years or more. Our ability to sustain profitability depends on the extent to which we can continue to increase our revenue and control our costs in order to counter unforeseen difficulties, complications, or other unknown factors that may impair future revenue or require additional expenditures. Our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to increase revenues from sales of our cf medicines, which requires us to successfully develop, obtain approval for, and commercialize at least one triple combination therapy. Our operating expenses may increase due to additional investments to support or accelerate our research and development activities, the expansion of our organization, and costs associated with business development activities. We have experienced challenges commercializing orkambi outside of the United States, and our future revenues will be dependent on our ability to obtain adequate reimbursement for orkambi in ex-u.s. markets. The pricing and reimbursement of therapeutic and other pharmaceutical products is subject to governmental control, and government authorities are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of drug products. Our ability to increase our revenues is dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize symdeko and to develop and commercialize additional products. We may not be able to acquire, in-license, or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and drug candidates. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers and suppliers could subject us to significant supply disruptions outside of our control. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business, and a disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems could materially adversely affect our business. Our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on our cf product sales, and we expect that cash flows from orkambi, kalydeco, and symdeko, together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises, and if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions, which could result in a significant disruption in our research, development, manufacturing, and/or commercial activities.