Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations, and unfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. In difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity, coverage, pricing of our products and services, and our development of new and enhanced products and services. If we are not able to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services and reduced profits. Our industries are rapidly changing, and in order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology and enhance our existing offerings. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business, potentially causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The inability to operate our networks and systems as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and loss of market share. Natural disasters, terrorist acts, or acts of war could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities could exceed our coverage. Our system redundancy may be ineffective, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment necessary for our operations, and if these suppliers fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as requested. Changes in the regulatory framework could adversely affect our business prospects, and we are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. Our significant debt could increase further if we incur additional debt and does expose us to increased interest rate risk. Adverse changes in credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and affect our ability to obtain financing. Increases in costs for pension benefits and healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of renegotiation of labor contracts. The potential costs associated with cyber attacks could exceed our insurance coverage, and our increasing presence in the IoT industry could increase our exposure to potential costs and reputational harm. Overall, our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for our survival and growth in a complex and rapidly evolving business environment.