The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. Strategic risks, including general or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets or delays or failure in execution of our strategy could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Natural disasters, changes in climate, and geopolitical events could materially adversely affect our financial performance. The occurrence of one or more natural disasters could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs, and distribution facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores. We bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by such events. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located outside the U.S. Political and economic instability in the countries in which our foreign suppliers and their manufacturers are located could adversely affect our financial performance. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores, and online operations. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business, may be subject to cyber-attacks. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage, and deterioration of our competitive position. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations. Any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Our strategy includes investments in ecommerce, technology, store remodels, and other customer initiatives, which may not adequately or effectively allow us to grow our ecommerce business. The performance of strategic alliances to support the expansion of our international segment could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates is critical to our operational effectiveness. If we are unable to locate, attract, or retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease, adversely affecting our financial performance. The various risks inherent in doing business in the U.S. generally also exist when doing business outside of the U.S. and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws, and regulations. Changes in laws, regulations, and policies may significantly affect our cost of doing business. Any failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business operations.