item 1a.    risk factors set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. this section contains forward-looking statements. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in item 1. business under the caption "forward-looking statements".
industry and economic risks our growth would suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets would diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial statements. certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns.
our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the u.s. if the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in europe, the u.s. or other key markets, continue to be unstable (including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic), it could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers, having the effect of:
•reducing demand for some of our products;
•increasing the rate of order cancellations or delays;
•increasing the risk of excess and obsolete inventories;
•increasing pressure on the prices for our products and services;
•causing supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; and
•creating longer sales cycles and greater difficulty in collecting sales proceeds.
economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. international markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. international revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. these fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. as a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. as our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. in 2021, currency translation had a favorable effect of $619 million on revenues due to the weakening of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services.
some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of global and local political, legal, regulatory and financial instability, including issues of geopolitical relations, the imposition of international sanctions in response to certain state actions and/or sovereign debt issues, and may have a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices. as a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable.
in addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions, outsourcing activities and manufacturing facilities are located outside the u.s. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:
•interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers;
•changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions;
•changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers;
•tariffs imposed by the u.s. on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on u.s. goods, including the tariffs adopted by the u.s. government on various imports from china and by the chinese government on certain u.s. goods;
thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
•the impact of public health epidemics/pandemics on the global economy, such as the covid-19 pandemic;
•uncertainties regarding the collectability of accounts receivable;
•the imposition of governmental controls;
•diverse data privacy and protection requirements;
•supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products;
•negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
•difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations;
•differing labor regulations;
•differing protection of intellectual property;
•unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
•the effects of the u.k.'s departure from the e.u., known as brexit; and
•geopolitical uncertainty or turmoil, including terrorism and war.
demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities.
spending by some of these customers fluctuates based on budget allocations and the timely passage of the annual federal budget. an impasse in federal government budget decisions could lead to substantial delays or reductions in federal spending.
we are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic. our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as covid-19. the global spread of covid-19 has created significant volatility, uncertainty and worldwide economic disruption, resulting in an economic slowdown of potentially extended duration.
covid-19 has had an adverse impact on certain of our operations, supply chains and distribution systems, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments are taking. national, state and local governments have implemented and may continue to implement safety precautions, including quarantines, border closures, increased border controls, travel restrictions, shelter in place orders and shutdowns and other measures. these measures may disrupt normal business operations and may have significant negative impacts on businesses and financial markets worldwide.
the company has mobilized to support the covid-19 response with products and services that help diagnose the virus as well as assisting customers to develop therapeutics and vaccines used to protect from the virus. our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. the ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to covid-19. while we are following the requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventative and protective measures to prioritize the safety of our employees, these measures may not be successful, and we may be required to temporarily close facilities or take other measures. while we are staying in close communication with our sites, employees, customers and suppliers and acting to mitigate the impact of this dynamic and evolving situation, the duration and extent of the effect of covid-19 on the company is not determinable.
in addition, several of the company's businesses have had an increase in revenues due to sales of products addressing diagnosis and treatment of covid-19. while these positive impacts are expected to continue into 2022, the duration and extent of future revenues from such sales are uncertain and dependent primarily on customer testing demand.
business risks we must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. we sell our products in several industries that are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. our competitors may adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in customers' requirements than we can. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenues and operating results would suffer.
many of our existing products and those under development are technologically innovative and require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing-process levels. our customers use many of our products to develop, test and manufacture their own products. as a result, we must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. if we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenues.
it may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving internal growth. our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. to address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including:
•strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets;
•allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects;
•developing new applications for our technologies;
•expanding our service offerings;
•continuing key customer initiatives;
•combining sales and marketing operations in appropriate markets to compete more effectively;
•finding new markets for our products; and
•continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services to take advantage of our depth in product offerings.
we may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business.
because we compete directly with certain of our larger customers and product suppliers, our results of operations could be adversely affected in the short term if these customers or suppliers abruptly discontinue or significantly modify their relationship with us. our largest customer in the laboratory products business is also a significant competitor. our business may be harmed in the short term if our competitive relationship in the marketplace with certain of our large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. in addition, we manufacture products that compete directly with products that we source from third-party suppliers. we also source competitive products from multiple suppliers. our business could be adversely affected in the short term if any of our large third-party suppliers abruptly discontinues selling products to us.
integrating ppd into our business may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the transaction may not be fully realized. the success of the ppd acquisition, including the realization of anticipated benefits and cost savings, depends, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate ppd into our business. the integration is a difficult, costly and time-consuming process. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees or the disruption of our ongoing business or that the alignment of standards, controls, procedures and policies may adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, suppliers and employees or to fully achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the transaction. the loss of key employees could adversely affect our ability to successfully conduct our business in the markets in which ppd now operates, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
if we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the ppd acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, and our business may be unable to grow as planned, which could materially impact our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations as well as adversely impact our share price. the integration process may also result in significant expenses and charges, both cash and noncash.
our inability to complete any pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. certain acquisitions may be difficult to complete for a number of reasons, including the need for antitrust and/or other regulatory approvals, as well as disputes or litigation. any thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
acquisition we may complete may be made at a substantial premium over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. further, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business.
moreover, we have acquired many companies and businesses. as a result of these acquisitions, we recorded significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily tradenames) on our balance sheet, which amount to approximately $41.92 billion and $1.24 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2021. in addition, we have definite-lived intangible assets totaling $18.88 billion as of december 31, 2021. we assess the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. we assess the realizability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. these events or circumstances would generally include operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. these cash flows in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets.
operational risks our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials or components could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. some of our businesses purchase certain materials from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. if these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. the supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues such as covid-19, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. any of these factors could result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies.
a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business. as a part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. as we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen. such problems could disrupt our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. when we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data or reduced functionality. in addition, if our new systems fail to provide accurate pricing and cost data our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we also rely on our information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers and other business partners) and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as interacting with suppliers, selling our products and services, fulfilling orders and billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers, tracking customer activity, fulfilling contractual obligations and otherwise conducting business). our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, phishing, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. our key business partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. any of the cyber-attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above, if significant, could materially interrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased cost for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches.
if we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. for example, in the u.s., individual states regulate data breach and security requirements and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. european laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of europe, and the eu general data protection regulation imposes significantly stricter requirements in how we collect and process personal data. several countries, such as china and russia, have passed laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
we may have difficulty attracting and retaining a highly qualified workforce. our success is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical, clinical and management workforce in a highly competitive environment. qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract them. we may face difficulty in attracting and retaining key talent for a number of reasons, including management changes or recruitment by competitors. our ability to attract and retain key talent also depends in part on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. we cannot ensure that we will be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary for our operations or that the loss of any personnel will not have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may incur unexpected costs from increases in fuel and raw material prices, which could reduce our earnings and cash flows. our primary commodity exposures are for fuel, petroleum-based resins and steel. while we may seek to minimize the impact of price increases through higher prices to customers and various cost-saving measures, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in the event these measures are insufficient to cover our costs.
because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. we ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as federal express in the u.s. and dhl in europe. we also maintain a small fleet of vehicles dedicated to the delivery of our products and ship our products through other carriers, including national and regional trucking firms, overnight carrier services and the u.s. postal service. if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. in addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected.
natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may disrupt our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, and could impact customer spending. we have significant operations in california, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. an earthquake or other natural disaster such as a fire or hurricane or power shortages or outages could disrupt our operations or impair our critical systems. any of these disruptions or other events outside of our control, such as strikes or other labor unrest, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if any of our facilities, including our manufacturing or warehouse facilities, or the facilities of our suppliers, third-party service providers, or customers, is affected by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, power shortages or outages, floods or monsoons, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, political crises, such as terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, or other events outside of our control, such as trade protectionism, strikes or other labor unrest, our results of operations could be adversely affected. moreover, these types of events could negatively impact customer spending in the impacted regions or depending upon the severity, globally, which could also adversely impact our operating results.
increasing attention to environmental, social and governance matters may impact our business, financial results or stock price. companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance (esg) practices and disclosures, including practices and disclosures related to climate change, diversity and inclusion and governance standards. investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, lenders, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on esg practices and disclosures and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. in addition, government organizations are enhancing or advancing legal and regulatory requirements specific to esg matters. the heightened stakeholder focus on esg issues related to our business requires the continuous monitoring of various and evolving laws, regulations, standards and expectations and the associated reporting requirements. a failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations may result in noncompliance, the loss of business, reputational impacts, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract customers and an thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
inability to attract and retain top talent. in addition, our adoption of certain standards or mandated compliance to certain requirements could necessitate additional investments that could impact our profitability.
legal, quality and regulatory risks changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. we compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. for example, we manufacture pharmaceuticals and many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs. changes in the u.s. food and drug administration's (the fda) regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products.
we are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. we have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. we are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment.
our pharma services offerings are highly complex, and if we are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our customers, our business could suffer. our pharma services offerings are highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict quality and regulatory requirements. our operating results in this business depend on our ability to execute and, when necessary, improve our quality management strategy and systems, and our ability to effectively train and maintain our employee base with respect to quality management. a failure of our quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of products. in each case, such problems could arise for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or environmental factors and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing operations. such problems could affect production of a particular batch or series of batches of products, requiring the destruction of such products or a halt of facility production altogether.
in addition, our failure to meet required quality standards may result in our failure to timely deliver products to our customers, which in turn could damage our reputation for quality and service. any such failure could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenues, reimbursement to customers for lost drug product, registered intermediates, registered starting materials, and active pharmaceutical ingredients, other customer claims, damage to and possibly termination of existing customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. production problems in our drug and biologic manufacturing operations could be particularly significant because the cost of raw materials for such manufacturing is often high. if problems in preparation or manufacture of a product or failures to meet required quality standards for that product are not discovered before such product is released to the market, we may be subject to adverse regulatory actions, including product recalls, product seizures, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil sanctions, including monetary sanctions, and criminal actions. in addition, such problems or failures could subject us to litigation claims, including claims from our customers for reimbursement for the cost of lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, the cost of which could be significant.
we are subject to product and other liability risks for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. we may be named as a defendant in product liability lawsuits, which may allege that products or services we have provided from our pharma services offerings have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to consumers. additionally, products currently or previously sold by our environmental and process instruments and radiation measurement and security instruments businesses include fixed and portable instruments used for chemical, radiation and trace explosives detection. these products are used in airports, embassies, cargo facilities, border crossings and other high-threat facilities for the detection and prevention of terrorist acts. if any of these products were to malfunction, it is possible that explosive or radioactive material could fail to be detected by our product, which could lead to product liability claims. in addition, patients involved in our clinical services trials conducted by our clinical development services business or taking drugs approved on the basis of those trials may also bring personal injury claims against us. there are also many other factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers' operators and the training of such operators.
any such product liability claims brought against us could be significant and any adverse determination may result in liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. although we carry product liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover these claims or that it can be maintained on acceptable terms, if at all.
thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
we are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies. we are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the fda, the u.s. drug enforcement agency (the dea), various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the u.s. department of health and human services (the dhhs), the european medicines agency (the ema), the eu member states and other comparable agencies and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. in particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning current good manufacturing practices and drug safety. our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with the laws and regulations of the dea, the fda, the dhhs, foreign agencies including the ema, and other various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale.
the manufacture, distribution and marketing of many of our products and services, including medical devices, and our pharma and clinical development services, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the fda, the dea, the ema, and other equivalent local, state, federal and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. in addition, we are subject to inspections by these regulatory authorities. failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. in addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients or personal injury, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. we are the sole manufacturer of a number of pharmaceuticals for many of our customers and a negative regulatory event could impact our customers' ability to provide products to their customers.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and we are required to comply with various import laws and export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers. in certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies. in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. compliance with the various import laws that apply to our businesses can restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times can interrupt our supply of imported inventory. any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. we have internal controls and compliance systems to protect the company against acts committed by employees, agents or businesses that we acquire that would violate u.s. and/or non-u.s. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, employment practices and workplace behavior, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy, but these controls and systems may not be sufficient to prevent every such wrongful act. in particular, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act 2010 and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and nonmonetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, the government may seek to hold us liable for violations committed by companies which we acquire. we also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements.
our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expense as a result. we place considerable emphasis on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and into the marketplace. our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain and enforce patent protection for our products both in the u.s. and in other countries. we own numerous u.s. and foreign patents, and we intend to file additional applications, as appropriate, for patents covering our products. patents may not thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
be issued for any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us, and the claims allowed under any issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. any issued patents owned by or licensed to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and the rights under these patents may not provide us with competitive advantages. in addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. intellectual property rights may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market position. we could incur substantial costs to defend ourselves in suits brought against us or in suits in which we may assert our patent rights against others. an unfavorable outcome of any such litigation could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how with which we seek to protect our products, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, employees and consultants. these agreements may not adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights. these agreements may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. in addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors.
third parties may assert claims against us to the effect that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. in the event that a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against us, or third parties not affiliated with us hold pending or issued patents that relate to our products or technology, we may seek licenses to such intellectual property or challenge those patents. however, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and our challenge of the patents may be unsuccessful. our failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could prevent the sale, manufacture, or distribution of our products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks relating to financial profile fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. as a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. in preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes, the results of examinations and audits of our tax filings and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
our existing and future indebtedness may restrict our investment opportunities or limit our activities and negatively impact our credit ratings. as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $34.87 billion in outstanding indebtedness. in addition, we have availability to borrow under a revolving credit facility that provides for up to $5.00 billion (as of january 7. 2022) of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit (the facility). we may also obtain additional long-term debt and lines of credit to meet future financing needs, which would have the effect of increasing our total leverage.
our leverage could have negative consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing and limiting our ability to acquire new products and technologies through strategic acquisitions.
our ability to make scheduled payments, refinance our obligations or obtain additional financing will depend on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. if we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures or research and development expenditures.
additionally, the agreements governing our debt require that we maintain a financial ratio, and contain affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our activities by, among other limitations, limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness, merge or consolidate with other entities and create liens. the covenants in the facility include a consolidated net interest coverage ratio (consolidated ebitda to consolidated net interest expense), as such terms are defined in the facility. specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the facility, any letter of credit is outstanding under the facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the facility, it will maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 3.5:1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter.
our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as the impact of foreign exchange rates and interest rates. our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which could permit acceleration of the debt under that instrument and thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
require us to prepay that debt before its scheduled due date. also, an acceleration of the debt under certain of our debt instruments would trigger an event of default under other of our debt instruments.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reference is made throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to notes to the consolidated financial statements, which begin on page f-1 of this report. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for 2019 is included in item 7 of the company's 2020 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission.
the company refers to various amounts or measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (non-gaap measures). these non-gaap measures are further described and reconciled to their most directly comparable amount or measure under the section "non-gaap measures" later in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"
overview thermo fisher scientific inc. enables customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer by helping them accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics and therapies, and increase laboratory productivity. markets served include pharmaceutical and biotech, academic and government, industrial and applied, as well as healthcare and diagnostics. the company's operations fall into four segments (note 4): life sciences solutions, analytical instruments, specialty diagnostics and laboratory products and biopharma services.
financial highlights - 2021 compared with 2020
(dollars in millions except per share amounts)                                                        2021                     2020                  change revenues                                                                                       $39,211                  $32,218                     22    %
gaap operating income                                                                          $10,028                   $7,794                     29    %
gaap operating income margin                                                                      25.6   %                 24.2   %                1.4   pt adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)                                                   $12,138                   $9,556                     27    %
adjusted operating income margin (non-gaap measure)                                               31.0   %                 29.7   %                1.3   pt gaap diluted earnings per share attributable to thermo fisher scientific inc.                   $19.46                   $15.96                     22    %
adjusted earnings per share (non-gaap measure)                                                  $25.13                   $19.56                     28    %
organic revenue growth revenue growth                                               22   %
impact of acquisitions                                        3   %
impact of currency translation                                2   %
organic revenue growth* (non-gaap measure)                   17   %
*    results may not sum due to rounding.
the company mobilized in early 2020 to support the covid-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose and protect from the virus. however, as a result of the pandemic's impact on various markets, the company saw a significant reduction in customer activity in several businesses by late march 2020 that materially adversely affected primarily the 2020 results of the analytical instruments segment and, to a lesser extent, some businesses within the company's other three segments. the negative impact significantly lessened in 2021, but could worsen in 2022 dependent on the success of global efforts to control and unwind from the pandemic and economic activity ramping up. during 2021, the life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments as well as the laboratory products business continued to support covid-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions and plastic consumables businesses to respond to the on-going covid-19 pandemic. the biosciences and bioproduction businesses also expanded their capacity to meet the needs of pharma and biotech customers as they rapidly expanded their own production volumes to meet global vaccine manufacturing requirements. additionally, through our pharma services business, we provided our pharma and biotech customers with the services they needed to develop and produce vaccines and therapies globally. while these positive impacts are expected to continue through 2022, the duration and extent of future revenues from such sales are uncertain and dependent primarily on customer testing as well as therapy and vaccine demand. sales of products related to covid-19 response were $9.23 billion and $6.63 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
conditions were strong in each of the company's end markets during 2021. revenues were particularly strong in pharma and biotech driven by strong market dynamics and the company's role in supporting customers across a wide range of therapeutic areas, including our role in supporting covid-19 vaccines and therapies. customers in the academic and thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview (continued)
government market increased demand as a result of positive funding trends around the globe and a return to pre-pandemic levels of activity. customer activity in the industrial and applied market returned to pre-pandemic levels in 2021. revenues from customers in the diagnostics and healthcare market were driven by growth in covid-19 testing-related products as the company continued to support the societal response to the pandemic. sales growth was strong across all geographic regions during 2021. the company continues to execute its proven growth strategy which consists of three pillars:
•developing high-impact, innovative new products,
•leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets, and
•delivering a unique value proposition to our customers.
gaap operating income margin and adjusted operating income margin increased in 2021 due primarily to profit on higher sales and sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments to support the company's near and long-term growth.
the company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience, as well as incentive compensation and recognition for employees. the company's references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement (ppi) business system including reduced costs resulting from implementing continuous improvement methodologies, global sourcing initiatives, a lower cost structure following restructuring actions, including headcount reductions and consolidation of facilities, and low cost region manufacturing. productivity improvements are calculated net of inflationary cost increases.
notable recent acquisitions on january 15, 2021, the company acquired, within the laboratory products and biopharma services segment, the belgium-based european viral vector manufacturing business of groupe novasep sas for $830 million in net cash consideration. the european viral vector manufacturing business provides manufacturing services for vaccines and therapies to biotechnology companies and large biopharma customers. the acquisition expands the segment's capabilities for cell and gene vaccines and therapies.
on february 25, 2021, the company acquired, within the life sciences solutions segment, mesa biotech, inc., a u.s.-based molecular diagnostic company, for $407 million in net cash consideration and contingent consideration with an initial fair value of $65 million due upon the completion of certain milestones. mesa biotech has developed and commercialized a pcr based rapid point-of-care testing platform available for detecting infectious diseases including covid-19. the acquisition enables the company to accelerate the availability of reliable and accurate advanced molecular diagnostics at the point of care.
on september 30, 2021, the company assumed operating responsibility, within the laboratory products and biopharma services segment, of a new state-of-the-art biologics manufacturing facility in lengnau, switzerland from csl limited to perform pharma services for csl with capacity to serve other customers as well. the company expects to make fixed lease payments aggregating to $555 million (excluding renewals) from 2021 to 2041, with additional amounts dependent on the extent of revenues from customers of the facility other than csl.
on december 8, 2021, the company acquired, within the laboratory products and biopharma services segment, ppd, inc., a u.s.-based global provider of clinical research services to the pharma and biotech industry, for $15.99 billion in net cash consideration and $43 million of equity awards exchanged. the addition of ppd's clinical research services enhances our offering to biotech and pharma customers by enabling them to accelerate innovation and increase their productivity within the drug development process. in 2020, ppd generated revenues of $4.68 billion.
on december 30, 2021, the company acquired, within the life sciences solutions segment, peprotech, inc., a u.s. based developer and manufacturer of recombinant proteins, for $1.86 billion in net cash consideration. peprotech provides bioscience reagents known as recombinant proteins, including cytokines and growth factors. the acquisition expands the segment's bioscience offerings.
results of operations the company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits as defined in note 4. accordingly, the following segment data are reported on this basis.
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
(dollars in millions)                              2021                                     2020
revenues life sciences solutions                                       $15,631                 $12,168
analytical instruments                                          6,069                   5,124
specialty diagnostics                                           5,659                   5,343
laboratory products and biopharma services                     14,862                  12,245
eliminations                                                  (3,010)                 (2,662)
consolidated revenues                                         $39,211                 $32,218
life sciences solutions                                                                                                                                                                        organic* (non-gaap measure)
(dollars in millions)                              2021                        2020                      total            currency                   acquisitions/ divestitures change            translation revenues                                    $15,631                     $12,168                        28    %                    2   %     3                              %          23                               %
segment income                               $7,817                      $6,109                        28    %
segment income margin                          50.0   %                    50.2   %                    -0.2 pt
*    results may not sum due to rounding the increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was driven by a combination of increased demand for testing to diagnose covid-19 with higher sales of biosciences products and strong demand in each of the segment's businesses. the decrease in segment income margin resulted primarily from strategic growth investments, offset in part by profit on higher sales.
analytical instruments                                                                                                                                                                organic* (non-gaap measure)
(dollars in millions)                              2021                        2020                      total            currency          acquisitions/ divestitures change            translation revenues                                     $6,069                      $5,124                        18    %                    2   %     -                     %          17                               %
segment income                                1,197                         808                        48    %
segment income margin                          19.7   %                    15.8   %                     3.9 pt
*    results may not sum due to rounding the increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was due to increased demand for products sold by each of the segment's primary businesses with particular strength in electron microscopy instruments as well as chromatography and mass spectrometry instruments. the increase in segment income margin was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, a $108 million charge in 2020 related to a long-term supply contract (discussed in note 12), offset in part by strategic growth investments.
specialty diagnostics                                                                                                                                                                 organic* (non-gaap measure)
(dollars in millions)                              2021                        2020                      total            currency          acquisitions/ divestitures change            translation revenues                                     $5,659                      $5,343                         6    %                    1   %     -                     %          5                                %
segment income                                1,280                       1,368                       (6)    %
segment income margin                          22.6   %                    25.6   %                    -3.0 pt
*    results may not sum due to rounding the increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was due to higher demand primarily driven by products addressing treatment of covid-19, with particular strength in sales of products sold through the segment's healthcare market channel, immunodiagnostics and clinical diagnostics products. the decrease in segment income margin was primarily due to sales mix and strategic investments, offset in part by profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, a $13 million credit to cost of product revenue as a result of changing the method of accounting for inventories (discussed in note 1).
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
laboratory products and biopharma services                                                                                                                                                                organic* (non-gaap measure)
(dollars in millions)                                  2021                            2020                         total            currency                   acquisitions/ divestitures change            translation revenues                                       $14,862                         $12,245                            21    %                    2   %     5                              %          15                               %
segment income                                   1,844                           1,271                            45    %
segment income margin                             12.4    %                       10.4    %                        2.0 pt
*    results may not sum due to rounding the increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was primarily due to increased demand in each of the segment's principal businesses with particular strength in products sold through its pharma services business and research and safety market channel and, to a lesser extent, laboratory products businesses. the increase in segment income margin was primarily due to profit on higher sales and sales mix, and, to a lesser extent, acquisitions and a $20 million credit to cost of product revenue as a result of changing the method of accounting for inventories (discussed in note 1), offset in part by strategic growth investments.
non-operating items
(dollars in millions)                                                    2021                   2020
net interest expense                                                 $493                   $488
gaap other income/(expense)                                         (694)                   (76)
adjusted other income/(expense) (non-gaap measure)                     38                     45
gaap tax rate                                                        12.5   %               11.8   %
adjusted tax rate (non-gaap measure)                                 14.6   %               14.3   %
net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) increased due primarily to the increase in debt to finance the acquisition of ppd and for general corporate purposes, offset in part by lower average interest rates. see additional discussion under the caption "liquidity and capital resources" below.
gaap other income/(expense) and adjusted other income/(expense) includes currency transaction gains and losses on non-operating monetary assets and liabilities and net periodic pension benefit cost/income, excluding the service cost component. gaap other income/(expense) in 2021 also includes $767 million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt (note 10) and $36 million of financing costs associated with obtaining bridge financing commitments in connection with the agreement to acquire ppd (note 2), offset in part by $66 million of net gains on investments. gaap other income/(expense) in 2020 includes $81 million of financing costs for a terminated acquisition, primarily for loan commitment fees and entering into hedging contracts and $42 million of expense reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive items related to a hedge arrangement (note 14), offset in part by $10 million of net gains on investments.
the company's gaap and adjusted tax rates increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher profits at different marginal rates, offset in part by the benefits of our tax planning initiatives. the company's 2021 gaap and adjusted tax rates were also impacted by income tax benefits on intra-entity transactions totaling $284 million. in 2020, the company's gaap and adjusted tax rates were impacted by foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $96 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense; a net income tax benefit of $51 million from a domestication transaction involving the transfer of non-u.s. subsidiaries to the u.s.; and a $47 million income tax benefit related to a foreign exchange loss for tax purposes on certain intercompany financing arrangements. additionally, the 2020 gaap tax rate included a $27 million tax benefit from tax audit settlements.
the effective tax rate in both 2021 and 2020 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $2.18 billion and $1.32 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the company expects its gaap effective tax rate in 2022 will be between 9% and 11% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. the effective tax rate can vary significantly from period to period as a result of discrete income tax factors and events. the company expects its adjusted tax rate will be approximately 13% in 2022.
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
the company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the u.s. some of these countries have lower tax rates than the u.s. the company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the u.s. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the u.s. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. based on the dispersion of the company's non-u.s. income tax provision among many countries, the company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company's income tax provision or net income, aside from any resulting one-time adjustment to the company's deferred tax balances to reflect a new rate.
liquidity and capital resources the company's proven growth strategy has enabled it to generate free cash flow as well as access the capital markets. the company deploys its capital primarily via mergers and acquisitions and secondarily via share buybacks and dividends.
december 31,                  december 31,
(in millions)                    2021                          2020
cash and cash equivalents                      $4,477                       $10,325
total debt                                     34,870                        21,735
approximately half of the company's cash balances and cash flows from operations are from outside the u.s. the company uses its non-u.s. cash for needs outside of the u.s. including acquisitions, capacity expansion, and repayment of third-party foreign debt by foreign subsidiaries. in addition, the company also transfers cash to the u.s. using non-taxable returns of capital as well as dividends where the related u.s. dividend received deduction or foreign tax credit equals any tax cost arising from the dividends. as a result of using such means of transferring cash to the u.s., the company does not expect any material adverse liquidity effects from its significant non-u.s. cash balances for the foreseeable future.
the company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
as of december 31, 2021, the company's short-term debt totaled $2.54 billion. on january 7, 2022, the company replaced its prior credit facility with a new revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $5.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit (note 10). if the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. as of december 31, 2021, no borrowings were outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by approximately $4 million as a result of outstanding letters of credit.
(in millions)                                   2021                                       2020
net cash provided by operating activities                     $9,312                  $8,289
net cash used in investing activities                       (21,932)                 (1,510)
net cash provided by financing activities                      6,581                     959
free cash flow (non-gaap measure)                              6,809                   6,823
during 2021, cash provided by income was offset in part by investments in working capital. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $204 million and $1.07 billion, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales. an increase in accounts payable provided cash of $479 million. changes in other assets and other liabilities used cash of $724 million primarily due to the timing of tax and incentive compensation payments. cash payments for income taxes were $2.18 billion during 2021.
during 2020, cash provided by income was offset in part by investments in working capital. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $1.30 billion and $508 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales. changes in other assets and other liabilities provided cash of $1.45 billion primarily due to the timing of incentive compensation payments and, to a lesser extent, customer billings. cash payments for income taxes were $1.32 billion during 2020.
during 2021, acquisitions used cash of $19.40 billion. the company's investing activities also included the purchase of $2.52 billion of property, plant and equipment for capacity and capability investments. during 2020, the company's investing activities were principally for the purchase of property, plant and equipment.
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
during 2021, issuance of senior notes provided $18.14 billion of cash. a net increase in commercial paper obligations provided cash of $2.51 billion. repayment of debt used cash of $11.74 billion, including $4.30 billion to repay the debt assumed in the acquisition of ppd. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $2.00 billion of the company's common stock (4.1 million shares) and the payment of $395 million in cash dividends. on september 23, 2021, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.00 billion of the company's common stock. early in the first quarter of 2022, the company repurchased $2.00 billion of the company's common stock (3.3 million shares). at february 24, 2022, authorization remained for $1.00 billion of future repurchases of the company's common stock. as discussed in note 10, in the first quarter of 2022 the company redeemed its 3.650% senior notes due 2025 for a total cash outlay of $375 million.
during 2020, issuance of senior notes provided cash of $3.46 billion. repayment of senior notes used cash of $710 million. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $1.50 billion of the company's common stock (4.5 million shares) and the payment of $337 million in cash dividends.
the company expects that for all of 2022, expenditures for property, plant and equipment, net of disposals, will be between $2.5 and $2.7 billion.
in addition to the obligations on the balance sheet at december 31, 2021, which include, but are not limited to, debt (note 10), unrecognized tax benefits (note 8), operating leases (note 11) pension obligations (note 7) and contingent consideration (note 14), the company has entered into unconditional purchase obligations, in the ordinary course of business, that include agreements to purchase goods, services or fixed assets and to pay royalties (note 12).
the company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters. an unfavorable outcome that differs materially from current accrual estimates, if any, for one or more of the matters described under the heading "product liability, workers compensation and other personal injury matters," in note 12 could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows.
non-gaap measures in addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), we use certain non-gaap financial measures such as organic revenue growth, which is reported revenue growth, excluding the impacts of revenues from acquired/divested businesses and the effects of currency translation. we report organic revenue growth because thermo fisher management believes that in order to understand the company's short-term and long-term financial trends, investors may wish to consider the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation on revenues. thermo fisher management uses organic revenue growth to forecast and evaluate the operational performance of the company as well as to compare revenues of current periods to prior periods.
we report adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted other income/(expense), adjusted tax rate, and adjusted eps. we believe that the use of these non-gaap financial measures, in addition to gaap financial measures, helps investors to gain a better understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with how management measures and forecasts the company's core operating performance, especially when comparing such results to previous periods, forecasts, and to the performance of our competitors. such measures are also used by management in their financial and operating decision-making and for compensation purposes. to calculate these measures we exclude, as applicable:
•certain acquisition-related costs, including charges for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition, significant transaction/acquisition-related costs, including changes in estimates of contingent acquisition-related consideration, and other costs associated with obtaining short-term financing commitments for pending/recent acquisitions. we exclude these costs because we do not believe they are indicative of our normal operating costs.
•costs/income associated with restructuring activities, such as reducing overhead and consolidating facilities. we exclude these costs because we believe that the costs related to restructuring activities are not indicative of our normal operating costs.
•equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities; impairments of long-lived assets; and certain other gains and losses that are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any predictability, including gains/losses on investments, the sale of businesses, product lines, and real estate, significant litigation-related matters, curtailments/settlements of pension plans, and the early retirement of debt. we exclude these items because they are outside of our normal operations and/or, in certain cases, are difficult to forecast accurately for future periods.
•the expense associated with the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets because a significant portion of the purchase price for acquisitions may be allocated to intangible assets that have lives of up to 20 years. exclusion of thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations non-gaap measures (continued)
the amortization expense allows comparisons of operating results that are consistent over time for both our newly acquired and long-held businesses and with both acquisitive and non-acquisitive peer companies.
•the tax impacts of the above items and the impact of significant tax audits or events (such as changes in deferred taxes from enacted tax rate changes), the latter of which we exclude because they are outside of our normal operations and difficult to forecast accurately for future periods.
we report free cash flow, which is operating cash flow, excluding net capital expenditures to provide a view of the continuing operations' ability to generate cash for use in acquisitions and other investing and financing activities. the company uses this measure as an indication of the strength of the company and its ability to generate cash for use in acquisitions and other investing and financing activities. free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since we have certain non-discretionary obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from the measure.
the non-gaap financial measures of thermo fisher scientific's results of operations and cash flows included in this form 10-k are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for thermo fisher scientific's results of operations prepared in accordance with gaap. reconciliations of such non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures are set forth within the "overview" and "results of operations" sections and below.
(dollars in millions except per share amounts)                                                                                 2021                                        2020
reconciliation of adjusted operating income and adjusted operating income margin gaap operating income                                                                                $10,028               25.6   %               $7,794               24.2   %
cost of revenues charges (a)                                                                               8                0.0   %                    6                0.0   %
selling, general and administrative charges (credits) (b)                                                144                0.4   %                 (10)                0.0   %
restructuring and other costs (c)                                                                        197                0.5   %                   99                0.3   %
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                                                  1,761                4.5   %                1,667                5.2   %
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)                                                         $12,138               31.0   %               $9,556               29.7   %
reconciliation of adjusted other income/(expense)
gaap other income/(expense)                                                                           $(694)                                       $(76)
adjustments (d)                                                                                          732                                         121
adjusted other income/(expense) (non-gaap measure)                                                       $38                                         $45
reconciliation of adjusted tax rate gaap tax rate                                                                                           12.5   %                                    11.8   %
adjustments (e)                                                                                          2.1   %                                     2.5   %
adjusted tax rate (non-gaap measure)                                                                    14.6   %                                    14.3   %
reconciliation of adjusted earnings per share gaap diluted earnings per share (eps) attributable to thermo fisher scientific inc.                   $19.46                                      $15.96
cost of revenues charges (a)                                                                            0.02                                        0.01
selling, general and administrative charges (credits) (b)                                               0.36                                      (0.02)
restructuring and other costs (c)                                                                       0.50                                        0.25
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                                                   4.43                                        4.17
other income/expense adjustments (d)                                                                    1.84                                        0.30
benefit from income taxes (e)                                                                         (1.49)                                      (1.12)
equity in losses of unconsolidated entities                                                             0.01                                        0.01
adjusted eps (non-gaap measure)                                                                       $25.13                                      $19.56
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations non-gaap measures (continued)
(dollars in millions except per share amounts)                                                 2021                                      2020
reconciliation of free cash flow gaap net cash provided by operating activities                          $9,312                                    $8,289
purchases of property, plant and equipment                             (2,523)                                   (1,474)
proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                         20                                         8
free cash flow (non-gaap measure)                                       $6,809                                    $6,823
(a) adjusted results in 2021 exclude charges for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition. adjusted results in 2020 exclude $4 million of accelerated depreciation on manufacturing assets to be abandoned due to facility consolidations and $2 million of charges to conform the accounting policies of recently acquired businesses with the company's accounting policies.
(b) adjusted results in 2021 and 2020 exclude certain third-party expenses (credits), principally transaction/integration costs (including reimbursement thereof) related to recent/terminated acquisitions; credits from changes in estimates of contingent acquisition consideration; and charges associated with product liability litigation.
(c) adjusted results in 2021 and 2020 exclude restructuring and other costs consisting principally of severance, abandoned facility and other expenses of headcount reductions within several businesses and real estate consolidations, and charges for impairment of acquired technology. adjusted results in 2021 exclude $35 million of charges for compensation due to employees of recently acquired businesses at the date of acquisition.
(d) adjusted results in 2021 and 2020 exclude net gains on investments and charges for amortization of bridge loan commitment fees and entering hedging contracts for recent/terminated acquisitions. adjusted results in 2021 exclude $767 million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt. adjusted results in 2020 exclude $42 million of charges related to terminated interest rate swaps and $8 million of net charges for the settlement/curtailment of pension plans.
(e) adjusted provision for income taxes in 2021 and 2020 excludes the incremental tax benefit for the pre-tax reconciling items between gaap and adjusted net income, incremental tax impacts from audit settlements and incremental tax impacts from adjusting the company's non-u.s. deferred tax balances as a result of tax rate changes.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations is based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. on an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to acquisition-related measurements and income taxes. management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. management bases its estimates on historical experience, current market and economic conditions and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable. the results of these estimates form the basis for judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities where the values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
the company believes the following represent its critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its financial statements:
acquisition-related measurements business combinations the company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. the determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of the company's acquisitions, requires the use of significant judgment with regard to (i) the fair value and (ii) whether such intangibles are amortizable or non-amortizable and, if the former, the period and the method by which the intangible asset will be amortized. the company estimates the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses, which include estimates of customer attrition and technology obsolesce rates. the projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. see note 2 for additional information about our recent business combinations.
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets the company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. events or circumstances that might require an interim evaluation include unexpected adverse business conditions, economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled $41.92 billion and $1.24 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2021 (see note 1 for additional information). estimates of discounted future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue and operating income growth rates, discount rates and other factors. for the goodwill impairment tests, the company considers (i) peer revenues and earnings trading multiples from companies that have operational and financial characteristics that are similar to the respective reporting units and (ii) estimated weighted average costs of capital. different assumptions from those made in the company's analysis could materially affect projected cash flows and the company's evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment.
the company performed the quantitative goodwill impairment test for all of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. indications of fair value based on projections of cash flows, which increased over the prior year projections at higher rates than the increases in carrying values, and on peer revenues, earnings trading multiples and discount rates, which were relatively consistent with the prior year, were sufficient to conclude that no impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets existed at the end of the tenth fiscal month of 2021, the date of the company's annual impairment testing. there were no interim impairments of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets in 2021. there can be no assurance, however, that an economic downturn will not materially adversely affect peer trading multiples and the company's businesses such that they do not achieve their forecasted profitability and these assets become impaired. should the fair value of the company's goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets decline because of reduced operating performance, market declines, or other indicators of impairment, or as a result of changes in the discount rate, charges for impairment may be necessary.
definite-lived intangible assets definite-lived intangible assets totaled $18.88 billion at december 31, 2021 (see note 1 for additional information). the company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. actual cash flows arising from a particular intangible asset could vary from projected cash flows which could imply different carrying values from those established at the dates of acquisition and which could result in impairment of such asset. the company recorded impairments of $0.12 billion in 2021 (see note 16 for additional information).
contingent consideration the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, which were initially exchanged for control of businesses or assumed from acquired businesses, was $0.32 billion at december 31, 2021. at each reporting period, the fair value of contingent consideration is determined using either discounted cash flow analyses, monte carlo simulations, or fair values of an underlying recapitalization investment portfolio. changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes in estimates of revenue or operating results or in the timing or likelihood of achieving milestones, as well as changes in the fair values of the investments underlying the recapitalization investment portfolio. these changes resulted in (benefits)/charges of $(0.05) billion during 2021 (see note 14 for additional information).
income taxes unrecognized tax benefits in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying the company's income tax positions. the company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. should tax return positions that the company expects are sustainable not be sustained upon audit, the company could be required to record an incremental tax provision for such taxes. the company's liability for these unrecognized tax benefits totaled $1.12 billion at december 31, 2021 (see note 8 for additional information).
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
the company operates in numerous countries under many legal forms and, as a result, is subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-u.s. tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. determination of taxable income in any jurisdiction requires the company to interpret the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of deductions, permissible revenue recognition methods under the tax law and the sources and character of income and tax credits. changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties, currency exchange restrictions or the company's level of operations or profitability in each taxing jurisdiction could have an impact upon the amount of current and deferred tax balances and hence the company's net income.
valuation allowances the company estimates the degree to which tax assets will result in a benefit, after consideration of all positive and negative evidence, and provides a valuation allowance for tax assets that it believes will more likely than not go unused. in situations in which the company has been able to determine that its deferred tax assets will be realized, that determination generally relies on future reversals of taxable temporary differences and expected future taxable income. if it becomes more likely than not that a tax asset will be used, the company reverses the related valuation allowance. any such reversals are recorded as a reduction of the company's tax provision. the company's tax valuation allowance totaled $0.97 billion at december 31, 2021 (see note 8 for additional information). should the company's actual future taxable income by tax jurisdiction vary from estimates, additional allowances or reversals thereof may be necessary.
undistributed earnings the company has not provided u.s. state income taxes or additional non-u.s. taxes on certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries' undistributed earnings, as such amounts are intended to be reinvested outside the united states indefinitely in the respective jurisdictions based on specific business plans and tax strategies (see note 8 for additional information). these business plans and tax strategies consider: short-term and long-term forecasts and budgets of the u.s. parent and non-u.s. subsidiaries; working capital and other needs in locations where earnings are generated; the company's past practices regarding non-u.s. subsidiary dividends; sources of financing by the u.s. parent, such as issuing debt or equity; and uses of cash by the u.s. parent that are more discretionary in nature, such as business combinations and share repurchase programs. however, should the company change its business plans and tax strategies in the future and decide to repatriate a portion of these earnings to one of its u.s. subsidiaries, including cash maintained by these non-u.s. subsidiaries, the company would recognize additional tax liabilities. it is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional u.s. state income tax and non-u.s. tax liabilities that the company would incur. the company's intent is to only make distributions from non-u.s. subsidiaries in the future when they can be made at no net tax costs.
recent accounting pronouncements a description of recently issued accounting standards is included under the heading "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 1.