item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating t-mobile. our business, financial condition, liquidity, or operating results, as well as the price of our common stock and other securities, could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
risks related to the pandemic the pandemic may continue to adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and operating results.
the pandemic has impacted the ways in which our customers use their devices, where and how we work, and our suppliers and vendors' ability to provide products to us. as a result, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and operating results may continue to be adversely impacted by the pandemic. current and future pandemic-related restrictions on, or disruptions of, transportation networks and supply chain shortages could impact our ability to acquire handsets or other end user devices in amounts sufficient to meet customer demand and to obtain the equipment required to meet our current and future network buildout plans, either of which could materially adversely affect us.
the extent to which the pandemic may impact our future operational and financial performance remains uncertain and is subject to many factors outside of our control, including the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, the continued development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures and the impact of the pandemic on the economy and consumer demand. potential negative impacts of these external factors include, but are not limited to, material adverse effects on demand for our products and services; our supply chain and sales and distribution channels; collectability of customer accounts; our ability to execute strategic plans; and our profitability and cost structure. to the extent the pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations and financial condition, it may also have the effect of exacerbating the other risks discussed in this "risk factors" section.
table of contents risks related to our business and the wireless industry competition, industry consolidation, and changes in the market for wireless services could negatively affect our ability to attract and retain customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we have multiple competitors that possess either more or different access to wireless assets, and yet we compete for customers based principally on service/device offerings, price, network coverage, speed and quality, and customer service. we expect the wireless industry's customer growth rate to moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, leading to ongoing competition for customers. we also expect that our customers' appetite for data services will place increasing demands on our network capacity. this competition and our capacity will continue to put pressure on pricing and margins as companies compete for a relatively fixed pool of customers with an ever-expanding variety of products and services. our ability to compete will depend upon, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses.
we face increased competition from other service providers, including from cable, wireline and satellite providers, as industry sectors converge. cable companies such as comcast, charter, and altice are diversifying outside cable, voice and broadband services to also offer wireless services. wireline companies, such as frontier and windstream have announced plans for fiber buildouts, often supported by government funding, which may impact our fixed wireless high speed internet growth plans. we expect dish, which has already acquired several mvnos, to meet their government commitments and build a wireless network and offer competitive postpaid and prepaid wireless service plans. verizon and at&t have refocused on connectivity services, including fiber builds and deployment of next generation wireless technology, and we expect both companies to increase competitive pressure, including expanding partnerships and offerings. these factors could make it more difficult for us to continue to attract and retain customers, adversely affecting our competitive position and ability to grow, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we have seen, and continue to expect, additional joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances in the converged connectivity sector, which could result in larger competitors competing for a limited number of customers. further consolidation could negatively impact our businesses, including wholesale. for example, we will experience declining revenues from our wholesale business as verizon migrates legacy tracfone customers off the t-mobile network and dish migrates boost customers to either their standalone network or at&t. our competitors may also enter into exclusive handset, device, or content arrangements, execute pervasive advertising and marketing campaigns, or otherwise improve their cost position relative to ours. in addition, refusal of our competitors and partners to provide critical access to resources and inputs, such as roaming and/or backhaul services, on reasonable terms could negatively impact our business.
we have recently experienced a criminal cyberattack and could in the future be further harmed by disruption, data loss or other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties.
our business involves the receipt, storage and transmission of our customers' confidential information, including sensitive personal information and payment card information, confidential information about our employees and suppliers, and other sensitive information about our company, such as our business plans, transactions and intellectual property (collectively, "confidential information"). unauthorized access to confidential information is difficult to anticipate, detect or prevent, particularly given that the methods used by third parties to gain unauthorized access constantly change and evolve. we and our third-party service and equipment providers are subject to attacks and threats to our and their it networks, systems and supply chain, including attacks and threats by state-sponsored parties, malicious actors, employees or third parties, who may exploit bugs, errors, misconfigurations or other vulnerabilities or engage in social engineering to compromise the confidentiality and integrity of confidential information or cause serious operational disruptions (e.g., ransomware).
as a telecommunications carrier, we are considered a critical infrastructure provider and therefore are a persistent target of cyberattacks. in addition, the pandemic has presented additional operational and cybersecurity risks to our it systems due to work-from-home arrangements at the company and our third-party service and equipment providers. attacks against companies like ours are perpetrated by a variety of groups and persons, including those in jurisdictions where law enforcement measures to address such attacks are ineffective or unavailable, and such attacks may even be perpetrated by or at the behest of foreign governments.
in addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third-party service and equipment providers as part of our business operations. these third-party service and equipment providers have experienced in the past and will likely continue to experience data breaches and other attacks that involve unauthorized access to confidential information and create operational disruptions, and they face security challenges common to all parties that collect and process information.
table of contents in august 2021, we disclosed that our systems were subject to a criminal cyberattack that compromised certain data of millions of our current customers, former customers, and prospective customers, including, in some instances, social security numbers, names, addresses, dates of birth and driver's license/identification numbers. with the assistance of outside cybersecurity experts, we located and closed the unauthorized access to our systems and identified current, former and prospective customers whose information was impacted and notified them, consistent with state and federal requirements. we have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses and expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, provide additional customer support and enhance customer protection. for more information, see "cyberattack" in the overview section of md&a. as a result of the august 2021 cyberattack, we are subject to numerous lawsuits and regulatory inquiries, the ongoing costs of which may be material, and we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries and private litigation. for more information, see "- contingencies and litigation - litigation and regulatory matters" in note 17 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, and "- unfavorable outcomes of legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results" below. as a result of the august 2021 cyberattack or other cyberattacks or security breaches involving our company or our third-party service and equipment providers, we may incur significant costs or experience other material financial impacts, which may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, our cyber insurance, and such costs and impacts may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
in addition to the august 2021 cyberattack, we have experienced other unrelated immaterial incidents involving unauthorized access to certain confidential information, and we expect to experience cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents in the future. typically, these incidents have involved attempts to commit fraud by taking control of a customer's phone line. in other cases, the incidents have also involved unauthorized access to certain of our customers' private information, including credit card information, financial data, social security numbers or passwords. we have also experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cyberattacks and other incidents involving our supply chain and in relation to third-party products and services (including cloud services) that are used in our it environment and business.
our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to information and to defend against attacks seeking to disrupt our services must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations, which could require the investment of significant resources. we cannot make assurances that all preventive actions taken will adequately repel a significant attack or prevent or substantially mitigate the impacts of security breaches or misuses of data, unauthorized access by third parties or employees or exploits against third-party supplier environments, or that we or our third-party service and equipment providers will be able to effectively identify, investigate or remediate such incidents in a timely manner or at all. we expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, data breaches or security incidents, given the nature of our business, and we expect the same with respect to our third-party service and equipment providers. any future cyberattacks, data breaches, or security incidents may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
if we are unable to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy.
significant technological changes continue to impact our industry. in order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to changes in available technology, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands. enhancing our network, including the ongoing deployment of our 5g network, is subject to risks related to equipment changes and the migration of customers from older technologies. negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, the perceived health risks relating to 5g networks could undermine market acceptance of our 5g services. adopting new and sophisticated technologies may result in implementation issues, such as scheduling and supplier delays, unexpected or increased costs, technological constraints, regulatory permitting issues, customer dissatisfaction, and other issues that could cause delays in launching new technological capabilities, which in turn could result in significant costs or reduce the anticipated benefits of the upgrades. if our new services fail to retain or gain acceptance in the marketplace or if costs associated with these services are higher than anticipated, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, brand, financial condition and operating results.
we rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture.
the market for highly skilled workers and leaders is extremely competitive. this competition has become exacerbated by the increase in employee resignations currently taking place throughout the united states as a result of the pandemic. we believe our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented personnel for table of contents all areas of our organization, including our ceo and the other members of our senior leadership team. doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, changes to u.s. immigration policy, competitors' hiring practices, employee tolerance for the significant amount of change within and demands on our company and our industry, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. further, our vaccination and return to office protocols during the pandemic may also impact the recruitment and retention of employees. if key employees depart or we are unable to recruit successfully, our business could be negatively impacted.
in addition, certain members of our senior leadership team, including our ceo have term employment agreements with us. our inability to extend the terms of these employment agreements or to replace these members of our senior leadership team at the end of their terms with qualified and capable successors could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
in addition, the continued integration of t-mobile's and sprint's businesses and culture could have an adverse impact on our employees. this integration may impact our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, as existing and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with us. if key employees depart, our business could be negatively impacted. we may incur significant costs in identifying, hiring and replacing departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent. as a result, we may not be able to meet our business plan, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
system failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition.
we rely upon systems and networks - those of third-party suppliers and other providers, in addition to our own - to provide and support our services. system, network or infrastructure failures may prevent us from providing reliable service. examples of these risks include:
•physical damage, power surges or outages, or equipment failure with respect to both our wireless and wireline networks, including those as a result of severe weather and natural disasters, which may occur more frequently or with greater intensity as a result of global climate change, public health crises, terrorist attacks, political instability and volatility and acts of war;
•human error, such as responding to deceptive communications or unintentionally executing malicious code;
•unauthorized access to our it and business systems or to our network and critical infrastructure and those of our suppliers and other providers;
•supplier failures or delays; and
•system failures or outages of our business systems or communications network.
such events could cause us to lose customers and revenue, incur expenses, suffer reputational damage, and subject us to fines, penalties, adverse actions or judgments, litigation or governmental investigations. remediation costs could include liability for information loss, costs of repairing infrastructure and systems, and/or costs of incentives offered to customers. our insurance may not cover, or be adequate to fully reimburse us for, costs and losses associated with such events.
the scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we continue to deploy spectrum to expand and deepen our coverage, particularly 5g coverage, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands, and deploy new technologies. however, as we continue to expand and differentiate from our competitors, we may acquire additional spectrum in the future. as a result, we will continue to actively seek to make additional investment in spectrum, which could be significant.
the continued interest in, and acquisition of, spectrum by existing carriers and others, including speculators, may reduce our ability to acquire and/or increase the cost of acquiring spectrum in the secondary market, including leasing or purchasing additional spectrum in the 2.5 ghz band, or negatively impact our ability to gain access to spectrum through other means, including government auctions. additionally, increased interest from third parties in acquiring spectrum may make it difficult to renew leases of some of our existing 2.5 ghz spectrum holdings in the future. additionally, the fcc may not be able to provide sufficient additional spectrum to auction or we may be unable to secure the spectrum necessary to maintain or enhance our competitive position in any auction we may elect to participate in or in the secondary market, on favorable terms or at all. any return on our investment in spectrum depends on our ability to attract additional customers and to provide additional services and usage to existing customers.
table of contents the fcc, or other government entities, may impose conditions on the acquisition and use of new wireless broadband mobile spectrum that may negatively impact our ability to obtain spectrum economically or in appropriate configurations or coverage areas.
if we cannot acquire needed spectrum from the government or otherwise, if competitors acquire spectrum that will allow them to provide services competitive with our services, or if we cannot deploy services over acquired spectrum on a timely basis without burdensome conditions, at reasonable cost, and while maintaining network quality levels, our ability to attract and retain customers and our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
the challenges in satisfying the large number of government commitments in the required time frames and the significant cumulative cost incurred in tracking, monitoring and complying with them could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
in connection with the regulatory proceedings and approvals required to close the transactions, we agreed to various government commitments. these government commitments include, among other things, extensive 5g network build-out commitments, obligations to deliver high-speed wireless services to the vast majority of americans, and marketing an in-home fixed wireless product to households where spectrum capacity is sufficient. other government commitments relate to national security, pricing and availability of rate plans, employment, substantial monetary contributions to support organizations, and implementation of diversity and inclusion initiatives. many government commitments specify time frames for compliance and reporting. failure to fulfill our obligations under these government commitments in a timely manner could result in substantial fines, penalties, or other legal and administrative actions and reputational harm.
we expect to incur significant costs, expenses and fees to track, monitor, comply with and fulfill our obligations under these government commitments. in addition, abiding by the government commitments may divert our management's time and energy away from other business operations and could force us to make business decisions we would not otherwise make and forego taking actions that might be beneficial to the company. the challenges in satisfying the large number of government commitments in the required time frames and the cost incurred in tracking, monitoring and complying with them could also adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results and hinder our ability to effectively compete.
economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
our business, financial condition and operating results are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, consumer confidence, unemployment rates, economic growth, energy costs, rates of inflation (or concerns about deflation), and other macro-economic factors.
the wireless industry, broadly, is dependent on population growth. in addition, the government commitments place certain limitations on our ability to increase prices, which limits our ability to pass growing costs to customers. rising prices for goods, services and labor due to inflation could adversely impact our margins and/or growth.
our services and device financing plans are available to a broad customer base, a significant segment of which may be vulnerable to weak economic conditions, particularly our subprime customers. we may have greater difficulty in gaining new customers within this segment, and existing customers may be more likely to terminate service and default on device financing plans due to an inability to pay.
further, because sprint offered a device leasing plan, we expect to realize economic benefit from the estimated residual value of a leased device, which reflects the estimated fair value of the underlying asset at the end of the expected lease term. changes in residual value assumptions made at lease inception affect the amount of depreciation expense and the net amount of equipment revenue under operating leases. if estimated residual values, in the aggregate, significantly decline due to economic factors, including pandemic impacts, obsolescence, or other circumstances, we may not realize such residual value. sprint historically suffered, and we may suffer, negative consequences including increased costs and increased losses on devices as a result of a lease customer default, the related termination of a lease, and the attempted repossession of the device, including failure of a lease customer to return a leased device.
weak economic and credit conditions may also adversely impact our suppliers, dealers, and wholesale partners or mvnos, some of which may file for bankruptcy, or may experience cash flow or liquidity problems, or may be unable to obtain or refinance credit such that they may no longer be able to operate. any of these could adversely impact our ability to distribute, market, or sell our products and services.
table of contents our business may be adversely impacted if we are not able to successfully manage the ongoing commercial and transition services arrangements entered into in connection with the prepaid transaction and known or unknown liabilities arising in connection therewith.
in connection with the closing of the prepaid transaction, we and dish entered into certain commercial and transition services arrangements, including a master network services agreement (the "mnsa") and a spectrum purchase agreement (the "spectrum purchase agreement"). pursuant to the mnsa, dish will receive network services from the company for a period of seven years. as set forth in the mnsa, the company will provide dish, among other things, (a) legacy network services for certain boost mobile prepaid end users on the sprint network, (b) t-mobile network services for certain end users that have been migrated to the t-mobile network or provisioned on the t-mobile network by or on behalf of dish and (c) infrastructure mobile network operator services to assist in the access and integration of the dish network. pursuant to the spectrum purchase agreement, dish has agreed to purchase all of sprint's 800 mhz spectrum (approximately 13.5 mhz of nationwide spectrum) for a total of approximately $3.6 billion; provided, however, that if dish breaches the spectrum purchase agreement prior to the closing or fails to deliver the purchase price following the satisfaction or waiver of all closing conditions, dish's sole liability will be to pay us a fee of approximately $72 million. in such instance, t-mobile may be required to conduct an auction sale of all of sprint's 800 mhz spectrum under the terms set forth in the consent decree, but would not be required to divest such spectrum for an amount less than $3.6 billion. the covered spectrum sale will not occur before the third anniversary of the merger (i.e., not before april 1, 2023), but must be divested within the later of three years after the closing of the prepaid transaction and five days after receipt of the approval from the fcc for the transfer, following an application for fcc approval to be filed by the third anniversary of the closing of the merger. t-mobile may exercise an option to lease back 4 mhz (2 mhz downlink + 2 mhz uplink) of the spectrum for two years following the closing of the 800 mhz spectrum sale at the same per person rate used to calculate the purchase price paid by dish to t-mobile - a rate of approximately $68 million per year.
failure to successfully manage these ongoing commercial and transition services arrangements entered into in connection with the prepaid transaction and liabilities arising in connection therewith may result in material unanticipated problems, including diversion of management time and energy, significant expenses and liabilities. there may also be other potential adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses or liabilities associated with the prepaid transaction, the occurrence of which could materially impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and operating results. in addition, there may be an increase in competition from dish and other third parties that dish may enter into commercial agreements with, who are significantly larger and with greater resources and scale advantages as compared to us. such increased competition may result in our loss of customers and other business relationships.
any acquisition, investment, or merger may subject us to significant risks, any of which may harm our business.
we may pursue acquisitions of, investments in or mergers with businesses, technologies, services and/or products that complement or expand our business. some of these potential transactions could be significant relative to the size of our business and operations. any such transaction would involve a number of risks and could present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including:
•diversion of management attention from running our existing business;
•increased costs to integrate the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base and business practices of the business involved in any such transaction with our business;
•difficulties in effectively integrating the financial and operational systems of the business involved in any such transaction into (or supplanting such systems with) our financial and operational reporting infrastructure and internal control framework in an effective and timely manner;
•potential exposure to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process or as a result of any litigation arising in connection with any such transaction;
•significant transaction-related expenses in connection with any such transaction, whether consummated or not;
•risks related to our ability to obtain any required regulatory approvals necessary to consummate any such transaction; and
•any business, technology, service, or product involved in any such transaction may significantly under-perform relative to our expectations, and we may not achieve the benefits we expect from the transaction, which could, among other things, also result in a write-down of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with such transaction.
for any or all of these reasons, as well as unknown risks, acquisitions, investments, or mergers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
table of contents we rely on third parties to provide products and services for the operation of our business, and the failure or inability of such parties to provide these products or services could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we depend heavily on suppliers, service providers, their subcontractors and other third parties for us to efficiently operate our business. due to the complexity of our business, it is not unusual to engage a diverse set of suppliers to help us develop, maintain, and troubleshoot products and services such as wireless and wireline network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. some of our suppliers may provide services from outside of the united states, which carries additional regulatory and legal obligations. we commonly rely on suppliers to provide us with contractual assurances and to disclose accurate information regarding risks associated with their provision of products or services in accordance with our policies and standards, including our supplier code of conduct and our third-party risk management practices. the failure of our suppliers to comply with our expectations and policies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
many of the products and services we use are available through multiple sources and suppliers. however, there are a limited number of suppliers who can support or provide billing services, voice and data communications transport services, wireless or wireline network infrastructure, equipment, handsets, other devices, and payment processing services, among other products and services. disruptions or failure of such suppliers to adequately perform could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
our suppliers, service providers and their subcontractors may not perform at the levels we expect or at the levels required by their contracts. our suppliers are also subject to their own risks, including, but not limited to, economic, financial and credit conditions, labor force disruptions, disruptions in global supply chain and the risks of natural catastrophic events such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes and public health crises such as the pandemic. our business could be severely disrupted if critical suppliers or service providers fail to comply with their contracts or if we experience delays or service degradation during any transition to a new outsourcing provider or other supplier or if we are required to replace the supplied products or services with those from another source, especially if the replacement becomes necessary on short notice. any such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
risks related to our indebtedness our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business flexibility, ability to service our debt, and increase our borrowing costs.
we have, and we expect that we will continue to have, a substantial amount of debt. our substantial level of indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility in responding to changing business, economic, market and industry conditions and increasing the amount of cash required to service our debt. in addition, this level of indebtedness may also reduce funds available for capital expenditures, any potential board-approved share repurchases and other activities. those impacts may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies with lower debt levels. further, we may need to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments, which could increase the risks associated with our capital structure.
our ability to service our substantial debt obligations will depend on future performance, which will be affected by business, economic, market and industry conditions and other factors, including our ability to achieve the expected benefits of the transactions. there is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations when due. if we are unable to meet such obligations or fail to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the agreements governing such debt obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell important strategic assets at unfavorable prices or make additional borrowings. we may not be able to, at any given time, refinance our debt, sell assets or make additional borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
changes in credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to raise debt favorably.
instability in the global financial markets, inflation, policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, including changes in monetary policy and interest rates, and other general economic conditions could lead to volatility in the credit and equity markets. this volatility could limit our access to the capital markets, leading to higher borrowing costs or, in some cases, the inability to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us or at all.
table of contents we are subject to risks related to the cessation of libor. amounts drawn under our revolving credit facility and certain funded amounts under our eip sale arrangement and our service receivable sale arrangement currently bear interest at rates that are calculated based on u.s. dollar libor, which is expected to be discontinued by 2023. any alternative reference rate that replaces u.s. dollar libor under our revolving credit facility, is used as a benchmark on any other borrowings or is used as a benchmark under our eip sale arrangement or service receivable sale arrangement could be higher or more volatile than libor prior to its discontinuance, which could result in an increase in the cost of our indebtedness or funded amounts. further, credit markets may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of libor. in addition, any hedging agreements we have and may continue to enter into to limit our exposure to interest rate increases or foreign currency fluctuations may not offer complete protection from these risks or may be unsuccessful, and consequently may effectively increase the interest rate we pay on our debt or the exchange rate with respect to any debt we may incur in a foreign currency, and any portion not subject to such hedging agreements would have full exposure to interest rate increases or foreign currency fluctuations, as applicable. if any financial institutions that are parties to our hedging agreements were to default on their payment obligations to us, declare bankruptcy or become insolvent, we would be unhedged against the underlying exposures. any posting of collateral by us under our hedging agreements and the modification or termination of any of our hedging agreements could negatively impact our liquidity or other financial metrics. any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
the agreements governing our indebtedness and other financings include restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility.
the agreements governing our indebtedness and other financings impose material operating and financial restrictions. these restrictions, subject in certain cases to customary baskets, exceptions and maintenance and incurrence-based financial tests, together with our debt service obligations, may limit our ability to engage in transactions and pursue strategic business opportunities. these restrictions could limit our ability to obtain debt financing, make share repurchases, refinance or pay principal on our outstanding indebtedness, complete acquisitions for cash or indebtedness or react to business, economic, market and industry conditions and other changes in our operating environment or the economy. any future indebtedness that we incur may contain similar or more restrictive covenants. any failure to comply with the restrictions of our debt agreements may result in an event of default under these agreements, which in turn may result in defaults or acceleration of obligations under these and other agreements, giving our lenders the right to terminate the commitments they had made or the right to require us to repay all amounts then outstanding plus any interest, fees, penalties or premiums. an event of default may also compel us to sell certain assets securing indebtedness under these agreements.
credit rating downgrades and/or inability to access debt markets could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and operating results.
credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, as a result, cost of capital. our current ratings reflect each rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. our capital structure and business model are reliant on continued access to debt markets. each rating agency reviews our ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that such ratings will be maintained in the future. a downgrade in our corporate rating and/or our issued debt ratings, or our amount of secured debt outstanding, could impact our ability to access debt markets, including the investment-grade debt market for our secured debt issuances, and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and operating results.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters any material weaknesses we identify while we continue to work to integrate and align policies, principles and practices of the two companies following the merger, or any other failure by us to maintain effective internal controls, could result in a loss of investor confidence regarding our financial statements and reputational damage.
under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, we, along with our independent registered public accounting firm, are required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. while we continue to integrate and align the policies, principles and practices of the two companies following the merger, as a result of the differences in control environments and cultures, we could identify material weaknesses that could result in materially inaccurate financial statements, materially inaccurate disclosures, or failure to prevent error or fraud for the combined company. there can be no assurance that remediation of any material weaknesses identified during integration of the two companies would be completed in a timely manner or that the remedial measures will prevent other control deficiencies or material weaknesses. if we are unable to remediate material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, then our ability to analyze, record and report financial information free of material misstatements, to prepare financial statements within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the sec and otherwise to comply with the requirements of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act would be table of contents negatively impacted. the impact could negatively impact our business, financial condition or operating results, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require the expenditure of significant resources to correct the weaknesses or deficiencies, subject us to fines, penalties, investigations or judgments, harm our reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in trading price of our stock and investor confidence.
changes in regulations or in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we are subject to regulatory oversight by various federal, state and local agencies, as well as judicial review and actions, on issues related to the wireless industry that include, but are not limited to, roaming, interconnection, spectrum allocation and licensing, facilities siting, pole attachments, intercarrier compensation, universal service fund, 911 services, consumer protection, consumer privacy, and cybersecurity. we are also subject to regulations in connection with other aspects of our business, including device financing and insurance activities.
the fcc regulates the licensing, construction, modification, operation, ownership, sale, and interconnection of wireless communications systems, as do some state and local regulatory agencies. in particular, the fcc imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and the resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands. changes necessary to resolve interference issues or concerns may have a significant impact on our ability to fully utilize our spectrum. as an example, we recently we won spectrum licenses in the so-called "c band" to support our rollout of 5g technology and services. there have been concerns raised that use of this spectrum by wireless carriers for 5g deployment could interfere with the altimeters in certain aircraft, and there is an ongoing discussion between the industry, the fcc and the faa as to whether and how 5g operations should be limited around airports. additionally, the ftc and other federal and state agencies have asserted that they have jurisdiction over some consumer protection, and elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices with respect to the provision of wireless products and services.
we cannot assure that the fcc or any other federal, state or local agencies will not adopt regulations, implement new programs in response to the pandemic, or take enforcement or other actions that would adversely affect our business, impose new costs, or require changes in current or planned operations, including timing of the shutdown of legacy technologies. for example, in response to the pandemic, the california public utilities commission adopted a resolution providing a moratorium on customer disconnects and late fees for certain california customers facing financial hardship. additionally, in march 2015, the fcc established net neutrality and privacy regimes that applied to our operations. both sets of rules potentially subjected some of our initiatives and practices to more burdensome requirements and heightened scrutiny by federal and state regulators, the public, edge providers, and private litigants regarding whether such initiatives or practices are compliant. while the fcc rules were largely rolled back in december 2017, the current fcc could decide to establish new net neutrality requirements. in addition, some states and other jurisdictions have enacted laws in these areas (including, for example, the ccpa and cpra as discussed below) and others are considering enacting similar laws. it also is uncertain what rules may be promulgated under the current administration (e.g., the ftc has discussed promulgating privacy rules), perpetuating the risk and uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment and compliance around these issues.
in addition, states are increasingly focused on the quality of service and support that wireless communications service providers provide to their customers and several states have proposed or enacted new and potentially burdensome regulations in this area. we also face potential investigations by, and inquiries from or actions by state public utility commissions. we also cannot assure that congress will not amend the communications act, from which the fcc obtains its authority, and which serves to limit state authority, or enact other legislation in a manner that could be adverse to our business.
failure to comply with applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. we could be subject to fines, forfeitures, and other penalties (including, in extreme cases, revocation of our spectrum licenses) for failure to comply with fcc or other governmental regulations, even if any such noncompliance was unintentional. the loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
laws and regulations relating to the handling of privacy and data protection may result in increased costs, legal claims, fines against us, or reputational damage.
in january 2020, the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa") became effective, creating new data privacy rights for california residents and new compliance obligations for us. we have incurred and will continue to incur significant implementation costs to ensure compliance with the ccpa, and we could see increased litigation costs. moreover, a new privacy law, the california privacy rights act ("cpra"), was passed by californians via ballot initiative during the november table of contents
3, 2020 election. the cpra, which is scheduled to take effect on january 1, 2023 (with a lookback to january 1, 2022), will significantly modify the ccpa and will impose additional data protection obligations on companies such as ours doing business in california. other states (such as nevada) have passed or are considering similar legislation (such as washington), which could create more risks and potential costs for us, especially to the extent the specific requirements vary from those in california, nevada and other existing laws.
we have incurred and will continue to incur significant implementation costs to ensure compliance with the ccpa, the cpra, and their related regulations and any additional laws and regulations could cause us to incur further costs or further constrain our business, strategies, offerings and initiatives.
unfavorable outcomes of legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
we and our affiliates are involved in various disputes, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, investigations and proceedings and litigation matters. such legal proceedings can be complex, costly, and highly disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energy of management and other key personnel.
in connection with the transactions, it is possible that stockholders of t-mobile and/or sprint may file putative class action lawsuits or shareholder derivative actions against the company and the legacy t-mobile board of directors and/or the legacy sprint board of directors. among other remedies, these stockholders could seek damages. the outcome of any litigation is uncertain and any such potential lawsuits could result in substantial costs and may be costly and distracting to management.
additionally, on april 1, 2020, in connection with the closing of the merger, we assumed the contingencies and litigation matters of sprint. those matters include a wide variety of disputes, claims, government agency investigations and enforcement actions and other proceedings, including, among other things, certain ongoing fcc and state government agency investigations into sprint's lifeline program. in september 2019, sprint notified the fcc that it had claimed monthly subsidies for serving customers even though those customers may not have met usage requirements under sprint's usage policy for the lifeline program due to an inadvertent coding issue in the system used to identify qualifying customer usage that occurred in july 2017 while the system was being updated. sprint has made a number of payments to reimburse the federal government and certain states for excess subsidy payments. unfavorable resolution of these matters could require making additional reimbursements and paying additional fines and penalties.
on february 28, 2020, we received a notice of apparent liability for forfeiture and admonishment from the fcc, which proposed a penalty against us for allegedly violating section 222 of the communications act and the fcc's regulations governing the privacy of customer information. we recorded an accrual for an estimated payment amount as of march 31, 2020, which was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
as a result of the august 2021 cyberattack, we are subject to numerous lawsuits, including multiple class action lawsuits seeking unspecified monetary damages, mass arbitrations, and inquiries by various government agencies, law enforcement and other governmental authorities, and we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries and private litigation. we are cooperating fully with regulators and vigorously defending against the class actions and other lawsuits. in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in these proceedings and inquiries, as of the date of this report, we have not recorded any accruals for losses related to these proceedings and inquiries, as any such amounts are not yet probable or estimable. we believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. ongoing legal and other costs related to these proceedings and inquiries, as well as any potential future proceedings and inquiries, may be substantial, and losses associated with any adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of such proceedings and inquiries could be significant and have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
we, along with equipment manufacturers and other carriers, are subject to current and potential future lawsuits alleging adverse health effects arising from the use of wireless handsets or from wireless transmission equipment such as cell towers. in addition, the fcc has from time to time gathered data regarding wireless device emissions, and its assessment of the risks associated with using wireless devices may evolve based on its findings. any of these allegations or changes in risk assessments could result in customers purchasing fewer devices and wireless services, could result in significant legal and regulatory liability, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
table of contents the assessment of the outcome of legal proceedings, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control. the amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or pursuant to final judgment, order or decree may differ materially from amounts accrued in our financial statements. in addition, litigation or similar proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future manner of doing business. such potential outcomes including judgments, awards, settlements or orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
we offer regulated financial services products. these products expose us to a wide variety of state and federal regulations.
the financing of devices, such as through our eip, jump! on demand or other leasing programs, such as those acquired in the merger, has expanded our regulatory compliance obligations. failure to remain compliant with applicable regulations may increase our risk exposure in the following areas:
•consumer complaints and potential examinations or enforcement actions by federal and state regulatory agencies, including, but not limited to, the consumer financial protection bureau, state attorneys general, the fcc and the ftc; and
•regulatory fines, penalties, enforcement actions, civil litigation, and/or class action lawsuits.
failure to comply with applicable regulations and the realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
our business may be impacted by new or amended tax laws or regulations or administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws or regulations.
in connection with the products and services we sell, we calculate, collect, and remit various federal, state, and local taxes, fees and regulatory charges ("tax" or "taxes") to numerous federal, state and local governmental authorities, including federal and state usf contributions and common carrier regulatory charges and public safety fees. as many of our service plans offer taxes and fees inclusive, our business results could be adversely impacted by increases in taxes and fees. in addition, we incur and pay state and local transaction taxes and fees on purchases of goods and services used in our business.
tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. in many cases, the application of existing, newly enacted or amended tax laws may be uncertain and subject to different interpretations, especially when evaluated against new technologies and telecommunications services, such as broadband internet access and cloud related services and in the context of our merger with sprint. legislative changes, administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws could also impact revenue reported and taxes due on tax inclusive plans.
in the event that t-mobile, including pre-acquisition sprint, has incorrectly described, disclosed, determined, calculated, assessed, or remitted amounts that were due to governmental authorities, we could be subject to additional taxes, fines, penalties, or other adverse actions, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and operating results. in the event that federal, state, and/or local municipalities were to significantly increase taxes and regulatory or public safety charges on our network, operations, or services, or seek to impose new taxes or charges, such as a proposed corporate minimum tax or new limits on interest deductibility, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
our wireless licenses are subject to renewal and may be revoked in the event that we violate applicable laws.
our existing wireless licenses are subject to renewal upon the expiration of the period for which they are granted. our licenses have been granted with an expectation of renewal and the fcc has approved our license renewal applications. however, the communications act provides that licenses may be revoked for cause and license renewal applications denied if the fcc determines that a renewal would not serve the public interest. if we fail to timely file to renew any wireless license or fail to meet any regulatory requirements for renewal, including construction and substantial service requirements, we could be denied a license renewal. many of our wireless licenses are subject to interim or final construction requirements and there is no guarantee that the fcc will find our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, sufficient to meet the build-out or renewal requirements. accordingly, we cannot assure that the fcc will renew our wireless licenses upon their expiration. if any of our wireless licenses were to be revoked or not renewed upon expiration, we would not be permitted to provide services under that license, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
table of contents risks related to ownership of our common stock our fifth amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the court of chancery of the state of delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings, which could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a judicial forum of their choice for disputes with the company or its directors, officers or employees.
our fifth amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the "certificate of incorporation") provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or employee of the company to the company or its stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the general corporation law of the state of delaware, the certificate of incorporation or the company's bylaws or (iv) any other action asserting a claim arising under, in connection with, and governed by the internal affairs doctrine. this choice of forum provision does not waive our compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. moreover, the provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the exchange act or by the securities act of 1933, as amended.
this choice of forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder finds favorable for disputes with the company or its directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the company and its directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could increase our costs of litigation and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
each of dt, which controls a majority of the voting power of our common stock, and softbank, a significant stockholder of t-mobile, may have interests that differ from the interests of our other stockholders.
upon the completion of the transactions, dt and softbank entered into the softbank proxy agreement, and on june 22, 2020, dt, claure mobile llc ("cm llc"), and marcelo claure entered into a proxy, lock-up and rofr agreement ("the claure proxy agreement," together with the softbank proxy agreement, the "proxy agreements"). pursuant to the proxy agreements, at any meeting of our stockholders, the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by softbank or cm llc will be voted in the manner as directed by dt.
accordingly, dt controls a majority of the voting power of our common stock and therefore we are a "controlled company," as defined in the nasdaq stock market llc ("nasdaq") listing rules, and we are not subject to nasdaq requirements that would otherwise require us to have a majority of independent directors, a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors or a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors. accordingly, our stockholders will not be afforded the same protections generally as stockholders of other nasdaq-listed companies with respect to corporate governance for so long as we rely on these exemptions from the corporate governance requirements.
in addition, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation and the second amended and restated stockholders' agreement, as long as dt beneficially owns 30% or more of our outstanding common stock, we are restricted from taking certain actions without dt's prior written consent, including (i) incurring indebtedness above certain levels based on a specified debt to cash flow ratio, (ii) taking any action that would cause a default under any instrument evidencing indebtedness involving dt or its affiliates, (iii) acquiring or disposing of assets or entering into mergers or similar acquisitions in excess of $1.0 billion, (iv) changing the size of our board of directors, (v) subject to certain exceptions, issuing equity of 10% or more of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock, or issuing equity to redeem debt held by dt, (vi) repurchasing or redeeming equity securities or making any extraordinary or in-kind dividend other than on a pro rata basis, or (vii) making certain changes involving our ceo. we are also restricted from amending our certificate of incorporation and bylaws in any manner that could adversely affect dt's rights under the second amended and restated stockholders' agreement for as long as dt beneficially owns 5% or more of our outstanding common stock. these restrictions could prevent us from taking actions that our board of directors may otherwise determine are in the best interests of the company and our stockholders or that may be in the best interests of our other stockholders.
dt effectively has control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election or removal of directors, changes to our certificate of incorporation, a sale or merger of our company and other transactions requiring stockholder approval under delaware law. dt's controlling interest may have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a third party from seeking to acquire, the company. dt and softbank, as significant table of contents stockholders, may have strategic, financial, or other interests different from our other stockholders, including as the holder of a substantial amount of our indebtedness and as the counterparty in a number of commercial arrangements, and may make decisions adverse to the interests of our other stockholders.
in addition, we license certain trademarks from dt, including the right to use the trademark "t-mobile" as a name for the company and our flagship brand, under a trademark license agreement, as amended, with dt. as described in more detail in our proxy statement on schedule 14a filed with the sec on april 21, 2021 under the heading "transactions with related persons and approval," we are obligated to pay dt a royalty in an amount equal to 0.25% (the "royalty rate") of the net revenue (as defined in the trademark license) generated by products and services sold by the company under the licensed trademarks subject to a cap of $80.0 million per calendar year through december 31, 2028. we and dt are obligated to negotiate a new trademark license when (i) dt has 50% or less of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the company or (ii) any third party owns or controls, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the company, or otherwise has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the company. if we and dt fail to agree on a new trademark license, either we or dt may terminate the trademark license and such termination shall be effective, in the case of clause (i) above, on the third anniversary after notice of termination and, in the case of clause (ii) above, on the second anniversary after notice of termination. a further increase in the royalty rate or termination of the trademark license could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
future sales of our common stock by dt and softbank and foreign ownership limitations by the fcc could have a negative impact on our stock price and decrease the value of our stock.
we cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common stock by dt or softbank will have on the prevailing trading price of our common stock. sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could cause our stock price to decline.
we, dt and softbank are parties to the second amended and restated stockholders' agreement pursuant to which dt is free to transfer its shares in public sales without notice, as long as such transactions would not result in a third party owning more than 30% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. if a transfer would exceed the 30% threshold, it is prohibited unless the transfer is approved by our board of directors, or the transferee makes a binding offer to purchase all of the other outstanding shares on the same price and terms. the second amended and restated stockholders' agreement does not otherwise impose any other restrictions on the sales of common stock by dt or softbank. moreover, the second amended and restated stockholders' agreement generally requires us to cooperate with dt to facilitate the resale of our common stock or debt securities held by dt under shelf registration statements we have filed. the sale of shares of our common stock by dt or softbank (other than in transactions involving the purchase of all of our outstanding shares) could significantly increase the number of shares available in the market, which could cause a decrease in our stock price. in addition, even if dt or softbank does not sell a large number of their shares into the market, their rights to transfer a large number of shares into the market may depress our stock price.
furthermore, under existing law, no more than 20% of an fcc licensee's capital stock may be directly owned, or no more than 25% indirectly owned, or voted by non-u.s. citizens or their representatives, by a foreign government or its representatives or by a foreign corporation. if an fcc licensee is controlled by another entity, up to 25% of that entity's capital stock may be owned or voted by non-u.s. citizens or their representatives, by a foreign government or its representatives or by a foreign corporation. foreign ownership above the 25% holding company level may be allowed if the fcc finds such higher levels consistent with the public interest. the fcc has ruled that higher levels of foreign ownership, even up to 100%, are presumptively consistent with the public interest with respect to investors from certain nations. if our foreign ownership by previously unapproved foreign parties were to exceed the permitted level, the fcc could subject us to a range of penalties, including an order for us to divest the foreign ownership in part, fines, license revocation or denials of license renewals. if ownership of our common stock by an unapproved foreign entity were to become subject to such limitations, or if any ownership of our common stock violates any other rule or regulation of the fcc applicable to us, our certificate of incorporation provides for certain redemption provisions at a pre-determined price which may be less than fair market value. these limitations and our certificate of incorporation may limit our ability to attract additional equity financing outside the united states and decrease the value of our common stock.
we have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
we have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. our credit facilities and indentures governing our long-term debt to table of contents affiliates and third parties contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on our common stock. we currently intend to use future earnings, if any, to invest in our business and for general corporate purposes, including the integration of t-mobile's and sprint's businesses, the continued build-out of our 5g network and potential share repurchases as appropriate. therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of potential gain.
risks related to integration although we expect that the transactions will result in synergies and other benefits, those synergies and benefits may not be realized in the amounts anticipated or may not be realized within the expected time frame, and risks associated with the foregoing may also result from the extended delay in the integration of the companies.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate our and sprint's businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and achieves the projected cost savings. in addition, some of the anticipated synergies are not expected to occur for a significant time period following the completion of the transactions and will require substantial capital expenditures in the near term.
our anticipated synergies and other benefits of the transactions may be reduced or eliminated, including a delay in the integration of, or an inability to integrate, the networks of t-mobile and sprint. even if we are able to integrate the two companies successfully, the anticipated benefits of the transactions, including the expected synergies and network benefits, may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected.
we have incurred substantial expenses as a result of completing the transactions. we expect to incur substantial additional expenses in connection with migrating the sprint customer base and integrating t-mobile's and sprint's businesses, operations, policies and procedures and compliance with the government commitments. while we have assumed that a certain level of transaction-related expenses will be incurred, factors beyond our control could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately. these expenses could exceed the costs historically borne by us and offset the expected synergies.
our business and sprint's business may not be integrated successfully or such integration may be more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected. operating costs, customer loss and business disruptions, including challenges in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, suppliers or vendors, may be greater than expected.
the combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time-consuming, and may divert significant management attention and resources. this process may disrupt our business or otherwise impact our ability to compete. the overall combination of our and sprint's businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses and impacts, and loss of customers and other business relationships. the difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others:
•diversion of management attention to integration matters;
•difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including intellectual property and communications systems, administrative and information technology infrastructure, and supplier and vendor arrangements;
•challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies;
•alignment of key performance measurements may result in a greater need to communicate and manage clear expectations while we work to integrate and align policies and practices;
•difficulties in integrating employees;
•the need to address possible differences in corporate cultures, management philosophies, and compensation structures;
•challenges in retaining existing customers and obtaining new customers;
•difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex company;
•any disruptions to the operations and business in the shentel service area following the company's acquisition of wireless assets (as defined in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations) as a result of the transition of such assets to the company;
•compliance with government commitments relating to national security;
•known or potential unknown liabilities of sprint that are larger than expected; and
•other potential adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses or liabilities associated with the transactions.
additionally, uncertainties over the integration process could cause customers, suppliers, distributors, dealers, retailers and others to seek to change or cancel our existing business relationships or to refuse to renew existing relationships. suppliers, table of contents distributors and content and application providers may also delay or cease developing new products for us that are necessary for the operations of our business due to uncertainties. competitors may also target our existing customers by highlighting potential uncertainties and integration difficulties.
some of these factors are outside our control, and any one of them could result in lower revenues, higher costs and diversion of management time and energy, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, even if the integration is successful, the full benefits of the transactions including, among others, the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities may not be realized within the anticipated time frames or at all.
in connection with the merger, we are evaluating the long-term billing system architecture strategy for our customers. our long-term strategy is to migrate sprint's legacy customers onto t-mobile's existing billing platforms. we will operate and maintain multiple billing systems until such conversion is completed. any unanticipated difficulties, disruption, or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business.
following the closing of the merger, we are operating and maintaining multiple billing systems. we expect to continue to do so until successful conversion of sprint's legacy customers to t-mobile's existing billing platforms. we may encounter unanticipated difficulties or experience delays in the ongoing integration efforts with respect to billing, causing major system or business disruptions. in addition, we or our supporting vendors may experience errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruptions that could negatively impact us and over which we may have limited control. interruptions and/or failure of these billing systems could disrupt our operations and impact our ability to provide or bill for our services, retain customers, attract new customers or negatively impact overall customer experience. any occurrence of the foregoing could cause material adverse effects on our operations and financial condition, and/or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and reputational damage.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the objectives of our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") are to provide users of our consolidated financial statements with the following:
•a narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results;
•context to the consolidated financial statements; and
•information that allows assessment of the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance.
our md&a is performed on a consolidated basis and is inclusive of the results and operations of sprint prospectively from the close of the merger on april 1, 2020. the merger enhanced our spectrum portfolio, increased our customer base, altered our product mix and created opportunities for synergies in our operations. we anticipate an initial increase in our combined operating costs, which we expect to decrease as we realize synergies. we expect the trends and results of operations of the combined company to be materially different than those of the standalone entities.
our md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read together with, our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021, included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. except as expressly stated, the financial condition and results of operations discussed throughout our md&a are those of t-mobile us, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
sprint merger transaction overview on april 1, 2020, we completed the merger with sprint, a communications company offering a comprehensive range of wireless and wireline communications products and services. as a result, sprint and its subsidiaries became wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries of t-mobile.
the merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements and performance measures. we expect the trends and results of operations of the combined company to be materially different than those of the standalone entities. as a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5g network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the u.s. wireless and broadband industries and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations.
for more information regarding the merger, see note 2 - business combinations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
shentel wireless assets acquisition on july 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of shentel's wireless telecommunications assets (the "wireless assets") used to provide sprint pcs's wireless mobility communications network products in certain parts of maryland, north carolina, virginia, west virginia, kentucky, ohio and pennsylvania. as a result, t-mobile become the legal owner of the wireless assets.
this transaction represented an opportunity to reacquire the exclusive rights to deliver sprint's wireless network services in shentel's former affiliate territory and simplify our operations. the acquisition of the wireless assets has altered the composition of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet, including goodwill and other intangible assets.
for more information regarding our acquisition of the wireless assets, see note 2 - business combinations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
merger-related costs merger-related costs associated with the merger and acquisitions of affiliates generally include:
•integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology and back office operations, migrate customers to the t-mobile network and the impact of legal matters assumed as part of the merger;
•restructuring costs, including severance, store rationalization and network decommissioning; and
•transaction costs, including legal and professional services related to the completion of the transactions.
transaction and restructuring costs are disclosed in note 2 - business combinations and note 18 - restructuring costs, respectively, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. merger-related costs have been excluded from our calculations of adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda, which are non-gaap financial measures, as we do not consider these costs to be reflective of our ongoing operating performance. see "adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda" in the "performance measures" section of this md&a. cash payments for merger-related costs, including payments related to our restructuring plan, are included in net cash provided by operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows.
merger-related costs are presented below:
(in millions)                                                        year ended december 31,                                                                         2021 versus 2020                                            2020 versus 2019
2021                                      2020                        2019                 $ change                           % change                     $ change                      % change merger-related costs cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                                                            $1,015                     $646                        $-                           $369                           57   %                       $646                       nm cost of equipment sales                                                                                                  1,018                        6                         -                          1,012                               nm                          6                       nm selling, general and administrative                                                                                      1,074                    1,263                       620                          (189)                         (15)   %                        643                  104   %
total merger-related costs                                                                                              $3,107                   $1,915                      $620                         $1,192                           62   %                     $1,295                  209   %
cash payments for merger-related costs                                                                                  $2,170                   $1,493                      $442                           $677                           45   %                     $1,051                  238   %
nm - not meaningful merger-related costs will be impacted by restructuring and integration activities expected to occur through the end of fiscal year 2023, as we implement initiatives to realize cost efficiencies from the merger and our acquisitions of affiliates. transaction costs, including legal and professional service fees related to the completion of the merger and acquisitions of affiliates, are expected to continue to decrease.
restructuring upon the close of the merger, we began implementing restructuring initiatives to realize cost efficiencies from the merger. the major activities associated with the restructuring initiatives to date include:
•contract termination costs associated with rationalization of retail stores, distribution channels, duplicative network and backhaul services and other agreements;
•severance costs associated with the reduction of redundant processes and functions; and
•the decommissioning of certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems to achieve synergies in network costs.
anticipated impacts we expect to incur a total of $12.0 billion of merger-related costs, excluding capital expenditures, of which $6.5 billion has been incurred since the beginning of 2018, including $700 million of costs incurred by sprint prior to the merger.
our remaining integration and restructuring activities are expected to occur over the next two years with substantially all costs incurred by the end of fiscal year 2023. we expect to incur total merger-related costs, excluding capital expenditures, of $5.5 billion to complete our remaining integration and restructuring activities, $4.5 billion to $5.0 billion of which is expected to be incurred in fiscal year 2022. we are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiation with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations, which could affect the amount or timing of the restructuring costs and related payments. we expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements and anticipated payments associated with the restructuring initiatives.
as a result of our ongoing restructuring activities, we expect to realize cost efficiencies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network as well as other business processes and operations. we expect these activities to result in a reduction of expenses in cost of services and selling, general and administrative on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
for more information regarding our restructuring activities, see note 18 - restructuring costs of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
cyberattack as we previously reported, we were subject to a criminal cyberattack involving unauthorized access to t-mobile's systems. we became aware of a potential issue on august 12, 2021. we immediately began a forensic investigation and engaged cybersecurity experts to assist with the assessment of the incident and to help determine what data was impacted. as we previously reported, we promptly located and closed the unauthorized access to our systems. our investigation uncovered that the perpetrator illegally gained access to certain areas of our systems on or about march 18, 2021, but only gained access to and took data of current, former and prospective customers beginning on or about august 3, 2021.
based on the initial investigation findings, we moved to quickly identify current, former and prospective customers whose information was impacted and notify them, consistent with state and federal requirements. simultaneously, we undertook a number of other measures to demonstrate our continued support and commitment to data privacy and protection and continued to work with our cybersecurity experts to finish our forensic investigation, with the goal to ensure we had a complete understanding of the scope and impact of the unauthorized access. we also coordinated our efforts with law enforcement.
also as previously reported, our forensic investigation took time and was completed in october 2021, although our overall investigation into the incident is ongoing. as a result of our forensic investigation, we believe we have a full view of the data compromised. we have no evidence that individual financial account numbers, such as full credit or debit card numbers, were accessed or taken in relation to the august 2021 cyberattack.
throughout our forensic investigation of the august 2021 cyberattack, our top priority was to support those individuals impacted by the cyberattack. we sent notifications to our customers and customer accounts whose names, dates of birth, social security numbers ("ssns")/tax identifiers ("tax ids") and driver's license/identification numbers ("id numbers") were taken, consistent with state and federal requirements, including to approximately 7.8 million current customer accounts and approximately 40.0 million former and prospective customers. we also notified an additional 1.9 million former and prospective customers who had their names, dates of birth and id numbers (but not valid ssns/tax ids) taken.
out of an abundance of caution during the earliest days of our investigation and to help alleviate consumer concerns and confusion, we rapidly sent notifications to approximately 5.3 million customer accounts who had their names, dates of birth and addresses taken. these accounts did not have ssns/tax ids or id numbers taken. later in our investigation, we identified approximately 790,000 additional former and prospective customers who had similar information - names, dates of birth and, in many cases, addresses, but not ssns/tax ids or id numbers - taken and sent them notifications consistent with state and federal requirements. our investigation also identified approximately 26.0 million additional individuals with the same types of information taken, but for whom individual notifications were not required under state and federal law in light of the types of information taken. by that point, since our original notifications, we had already launched a broad-reaching communications outreach program through which we kept our customers and the public informed and made information available and accessible on our website to provide support for any individuals who may have been impacted, including information on how they could take steps to protect themselves.
we also took actions to proactively reset the personal identification numbers ("pins") for approximately 870,000 current customer accounts whose names and pins may have been taken. we previously reported that further data files including phone numbers, international mobile equipment identity ("imei") numbers and international mobile subscriber identity ("imsi") numbers were taken; a significant portion of this data was related to inactive devices. for a number of additional current metro customers, these files included names but no other personally identifiable information.
as described above, supporting individuals impacted by the august 2021 cyberattack was a top priority. as previously reported, this support included:
•offering two years of free identity protection services with mcafee's id theft protection service to any person who believes they may be affected;
•recommending that all eligible customers sign up for free scam-blocking protection through scam shield;
•supporting individuals impacted by the august 2021 cyberattack with additional best practices and practical security steps such as resetting pins and passwords; and
•publishing a customer support webpage that includes information and access to these tools at https://www.t-mobile.com/brand/data-breach-20211.
as described above, we take data protection and the protection of our customers very seriously, and we have worked diligently to further enhance security across our platforms throughout this process. as part of those efforts, and as we have previously reported, we have entered into long-term partnerships with the industry-leading cybersecurity experts at mandiant, and with consulting firm kpmg llp, as part of our efforts to ensure that the company has cybersecurity practices that are among the best in our industry. we have also created a cyber transformation office reporting directly to our chief executive officer that will be responsible for managing our efforts.
we have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses that were not material and expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, provide additional customer support and enhance customer protection, only some of which may be covered and reimbursable by insurance. we also intend to commit substantial additional resources towards cybersecurity initiatives over the next several years.
it is not possible to precisely measure the amount of lost revenue, if any, directly attributable to the august 2021 cyberattack. we are unable to predict the full impact of the august 2021 cyberattack on customer behavior in the future, including whether a change in our customers' behavior could negatively impact our results of operations on an ongoing basis. accordingly, we are not able to predict with any certainty any possible future impact to our revenues or expenses attributable to the august 2021 cyberattack, which could have a material adverse effect on our future results.
as a result of the attack, we are subject to numerous arbitration demands and lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries as described in note 17 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and part i, item 3. legal proceedings, and we could be subject to additional lawsuits and inquiries. we are cooperating fully with regulators in connection with the inquiries, though we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these inquiries. in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters and based on the information currently available to us, as of the date of this annual report, we have not recorded any accruals for losses related to the above proceedings and inquiries as any such amounts (or ranges of amounts) are not probable or estimable at this time. we believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and the company will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. losses associated with any adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of such proceedings and inquiries, including ongoing costs related thereto, could be material to our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results in future periods.
covid-19 pandemic the pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected businesses, economies and financial markets worldwide, and has caused significant volatility in the u.s. and international debt and equity markets. the impact of the pandemic has been wide-ranging, including, but not limited to, the temporary closures of many businesses and schools, "shelter in place" orders, travel restrictions, social distancing guidelines and other governmental, business and individual actions taken in response to the pandemic. these restrictions have impacted, and will continue to impact, our business, including the demand for our products and services and the ways in which our customers purchase and use them. in addition, the pandemic has resulted in economic uncertainty, which could affect our customers' purchasing decisions and ability to make timely payments. the availability of vaccines, as well as our continued social distancing measures and incremental cleaning efforts, have facilitated the continued operation of our retail stores. additionally, we have implemented testing policies for our on-site employees to help reduce transmission. we will continue to monitor the pandemic and its impacts and may adjust our actions as needed to continue to provide our products and services to our communities and employees.
as a critical communications infrastructure provider as designated by the government, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees.
1 the reference to this website is intended to be an inactive textual reference and information on or accessible from such website is not included or incorporated in this report.
results of operations set forth below is a summary of our consolidated financial results:
year ended december 31,                                                                               2021 versus 2020                                       2020 versus 2019
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                 2021                       2020                        2019                    $ change                   % change                  $ change                % change revenues postpaid revenues                                                                                                                                      $42,562                    $36,306                     $22,673                     $6,256                         17    %              $13,633                      60    %
prepaid revenues                                                                                                                                         9,733                      9,421                       9,543                        312                          3    %                (122)                     (1)    %
wholesale revenues                                                                                                                                       3,751                      2,590                       1,279                      1,161                         45    %                1,311                     103    %
other service revenues                                                                                                                                   2,323                      2,078                       1,005                        245                         12    %                1,073                     107    %
total service revenues                                                                                                                                  58,369                     50,395                      34,500                      7,974                         16    %               15,895                      46    %
equipment revenues                                                                                                                                      20,727                     17,312                       9,840                      3,415                         20    %                7,472                      76    %
other revenues                                                                                                                                           1,022                        690                         658                        332                         48    %                   32                       5    %
total revenues                                                                                                                                          80,118                     68,397                      44,998                     11,721                         17    %               23,399                      52    %
operating expenses cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below                                                                     13,934                     11,878                       6,622                      2,056                         17    %                5,256                      79    %
cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below                                                              22,671                     16,388                      11,899                      6,283                         38    %                4,489                      38    %
selling, general and administrative                                                                                                                     20,238                     18,926                      14,139                      1,312                          7    %                4,787                      34    %
impairment expense                                                                                                                                           -                        418                           -                      (418)                      (100)    %                  418                           nm depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                           16,383                     14,151                       6,616                      2,232                         16    %                7,535                     114    %
total operating expenses                                                                                                                                73,226                     61,761                      39,276                     11,465                         19    %               22,485                      57    %
operating income                                                                                                                                         6,892                      6,636                       5,722                        256                          4    %                  914                      16    %
other income (expense)
interest expense                                                                                                                                       (3,189)                    (2,483)                       (727)                      (706)                         28    %              (1,756)                     242    %
interest expense to affiliates                                                                                                                           (173)                      (247)                       (408)                         74                       (30)    %                  161                    (39)    %
interest income                                                                                                                                             20                         29                          24                        (9)                       (31)    %                    5                      21    %
other expense, net                                                                                                                                       (199)                      (405)                         (8)                        206                       (51)    %                (397)                   4,963    %
total other expense, net                                                                                                                               (3,541)                    (3,106)                     (1,119)                      (435)                         14    %              (1,987)                     178    %
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                                                                                    3,351                      3,530                       4,603                      (179)                        (5)    %              (1,073)                    (23)    %
income tax expense                                                                                                                                       (327)                      (786)                     (1,135)                        459                       (58)    %                  349                    (31)    %
income from continuing operations                                                                                                                        3,024                      2,744                       3,468                        280                         10    %                (724)                    (21)    %
income from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                                                              -                        320                           -                      (320)                      (100)    %                  320                           nm net income                                                                                                                                              $3,024                     $3,064                      $3,468                      $(40)                        (1)    %               $(404)                    (12)    %
statement of cash flows data net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                              $13,917                     $8,640                      $6,824                     $5,277                         61    %               $1,816                      27    %
net cash used in investing activities                                                                                                                 (19,386)                   (12,715)                     (4,125)                    (6,671)                         52    %              (8,590)                     208    %
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                                                      1,709                     13,010                     (2,374)                   (11,301)                       (87)    %               15,384                   (648)    %
non-gaap financial measures adjusted ebitda                                                                                                                                         26,924                     24,557                      13,383                      2,367                         10    %               11,174                      83    %
core adjusted ebitda                                                                                                                                    23,576                     20,376                      12,784                      3,200                         16    %                7,592                      59    %
free cash flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps                                                                       5,646                          3,001                       4,319                       2,645                    88    %                   (1,318)               (31)    %
nm - not meaningful the following discussion and analysis is for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020 unless otherwise stated. for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the same period in 2019, please refer to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 23, 2021.
on april 1, 2020, we closed our merger with sprint. the merger was accounted for as business combination and our results are inclusive of the acquired sprint operations prospectively from the merger close date. our results of operations described below are impacted by a full year of sprint results included in fiscal year 2021 compared to nine months of sprint results included in fiscal year 2020.
total revenues increased $11.7 billion, or 17%. the components of these changes are discussed below.
postpaid revenues increased $6.3 billion, or 17%, primarily from:
•higher average postpaid accounts; and
•higher postpaid arpa. see "postpaid arpa" in the "performance measures" section of this md&a.
prepaid revenues increased $312 million, or 3%, primarily from:
•higher prepaid arpu. see "prepaid arpu" in the "performance measures" section of this md&a; and
•higher average prepaid customers.
wholesale revenues increased $1.2 billion, or 45%, primarily from:
•our master network service agreement with dish, which went into effect on july 1, 2020; and
•the success of our other mvno relationships.
other service revenues increased $245 million, or 12%, primarily from:
•higher lifeline revenues, primarily associated with operations acquired in the merger; and
•inclusion of wireline operations acquired in the merger; partially offset by
•lower advertising revenues.
equipment revenues increased $3.4 billion, or 20%, primarily from:
•an increase of $3.5 billion in device sales revenue, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from:
•an increase in the number of devices sold due to a larger customer base as a result of the merger, switching activity returning to more normalized levels compared to the muted conditions from the pandemic in the prior year, a higher upgrade rate and the planned shift in device financing from leasing to eip; and
•higher average revenue per device sold driven by an increased mix of phone versus other devices, partially offset by an increase in promotional activities;
•an increase of $373 million in sales of accessories, due to increased retail store traffic, compared to lower retail traffic in the prior period due to closures arising from the pandemic, and a larger customer base as a result of the merger;
•an increase of $221 million in liquidation revenues, primarily due to a higher volume of returned devices and an increase in the high-end device mix; partially offset by
•a decrease of $833 million in lease revenues due to a lower number of customer devices under lease as a result of the planned shift in device financing from leasing to eip.
other revenues increased $332 million, or 48%, primarily from:
•higher revenues from our device recovery program; and
•higher interest income on our eip receivables from the planned shift in device financing from leasing to eip.
operating expenses increased $11.5 billion, or 19%. the components of this change are discussed below.
cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $2.1 billion, or 17%, primarily from:
•an increase in expenses associated with leases and utilities primarily due to the merger and the continued build-out of our nationwide 5g network, including a new tower master lease agreement in 2020;
•an increase of $369 million in merger-related costs including incremental costs associated with network decommissioning and integration; and
•higher employee-related and benefit-related costs primarily due to increased average headcount as a result of the merger; partially offset by
•higher realized merger synergies, including a decrease in expenses associated with backhaul due to the termination of certain agreements acquired in the merger.
cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $6.3 billion, or 38%, primarily from:
•an increase of $5.9 billion in device cost of equipment sales, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from:
•an increase in the number of devices sold due to a larger customer base as a result of the merger, switching activity returning to more normalized levels relative to the muted conditions from the pandemic in the prior year, a higher upgrade rate and the planned shift in device financing from leasing to eip; and
•higher average costs per device sold due to an increased mix of phone versus other devices; and
•an increase of $212 million in cost of accessories, due to increased retail store traffic, compared to lower retail traffic in the prior period due to closures arising from the pandemic, and a larger customer base as result of the merger.
•merger-related costs, primarily related to moving sprint customers to devices that are compatible with the t-mobile network, were $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $1.3 billion, or 7%, primarily from:
•higher advertising expense relative to the muted pandemic-driven conditions in the prior period;
•higher external labor and professional services primarily from the merger;
•higher employee-related costs due to an increase in the average number of employees primarily from the merger; and
•higher commissions primarily due to compensation structure changes and higher customer addition volumes; partially offset by
•higher realized merger synergies; and
•lower bad debt expense primarily due to the release of estimated bad debt reserves established in the prior year associated with macro-economic impact of the pandemic.
•selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020, included $458 million of supplemental employee payroll, third-party commissions and cleaning-related covid-19 costs. there were insignificant covid-19 costs for the year ended december 31, 2021.
•selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021, included $1.1 billion of merger-related costs primarily related to integration, restructuring and legal-related expenses, compared to $1.3 billion of merger-related costs for the year ended december 31, 2020.
impairment expense decreased $418 million, or 100%, primarily from:
•a $218 million impairment on the goodwill in the layer3 reporting unit in 2020; and
•a $200 million impairment on the capitalized software development costs related to our postpaid billing system replacement in 2020.
•there was no impairment expense for the year ended december 31, 2021.
depreciation and amortization increased $2.2 billion, or 16%, primarily from:
•higher depreciation expense, excluding leased devices, from the continued build-out of our nationwide 5g network;
•accelerated depreciation expense on certain assets due to our merger integration; and
•higher amortization from intangible assets, primarily due to a full year of amortization of intangible assets acquired in the merger.
operating income, the components of which are discussed above, increased $256 million, or 4%.
interest expense increased $706 million, or 28%, primarily from:
•higher average debt outstanding due to debt assumed in the merger and the issuance of debt; and
•lower capitalized interest; partially offset by
•a lower average effective interest rate due to refinancing of existing debt at lower rates.
interest expense to affiliates decreased $74 million, or 30%, primarily from:
•lower average debt outstanding due to the redemption of debt; partially offset by
•lower capitalized interest.
other expense, net decreased $206 million, or 51%, primarily from lower losses on the extinguishment of debt.
income from continuing operations before income taxes, the components of which are discussed above, was $3.4 billion and $3.5 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
income tax expense decreased $459 million, or 58%, primarily from:
•tax benefits associated with legal entity reorganization related to historical sprint entities, including a reduction in the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in certain state jurisdictions;
•lower income from continuing operations before income taxes; and
•increased benefits from tax credits.
our effective tax rate was 9.8% and 22.3% for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
income from continuing operations was $3.0 billion and $2.7 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the change in income from continuing operations was primarily due to the items discussed above.
income from discontinued operations, net of tax was $320 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 and consisted of the results of the prepaid business that was divested on july 1, 2020. there were no discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2021.
net income, the components of which are discussed above, decreased $40 million, or 1%, and included the following:
•merger-related costs, net of tax, of $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020;
•impairment expense of $366 million, net of tax, for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to no impairment expense for the year ended december 31, 2021; and
•the negative impact of supplemental employee payroll, third-party commissions and cleaning-related covid-19 costs, net of tax, of $339 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to an insignificant impact for the year ended december 31, 2021.
guarantor financial information in connection with our merger with sprint, we assumed certain registered debt to third parties issued by sprint, sprint communications llc, formerly known as sprint communications, inc. ("sprint communications") and sprint capital corporation (collectively, the "sprint issuers"). amounts previously disclosed for the estimated values of certain acquired assets and liabilities assumed have been adjusted based on additional information arising subsequent to the initial valuation. these revisions to the estimated values did not have a significant impact on our summarized financial information for the consolidated obligor group.
pursuant to the applicable indentures and supplemental indentures, the senior notes to affiliates and third parties issued by t-mobile usa, inc. and the sprint issuers (collectively, the "issuers") are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by t-mobile ("parent") and certain of parent's 100% owned subsidiaries ("guarantor subsidiaries").
pursuant to the applicable indentures and supplemental indentures, the senior secured notes to third parties issued by t-mobile usa, inc. are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by parent and the guarantor subsidiaries, except for the guarantees of sprint, sprint communications and sprint capital corporation, which are provided on a senior unsecured basis.
the guarantees of the guarantor subsidiaries are subject to release in limited circumstances only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. the indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing the long-term debt contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the issuers or borrowers and the guarantor subsidiaries to incur more debt, pay dividends and make distributions, make certain investments, repurchase stock, create liens or other encumbrances, enter into transactions with affiliates, enter into transactions that restrict dividends or distributions from subsidiaries, and merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. certain provisions of each of the credit agreements, indentures and supplemental indentures relating to the long-term debt restrict the ability of the issuers or borrowers to loan funds or make payments to parent. however, the issuers or borrowers and guarantor subsidiaries are allowed to make certain permitted payments to parent under the terms of the indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements.
basis of presentation the following tables include summarized financial information of the obligor groups of debt issued by t-mobile usa, inc., sprint, sprint communications and sprint capital corporation. the summarized financial information of each obligor group is presented on a combined basis with balances and transactions within the obligor group eliminated. investments in and the equity in earnings of non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would otherwise be consolidated in accordance with u.s. gaap, are excluded from the below summarized financial information pursuant to sec regulation s-x rule 13-01.
the summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by t-mobile usa, inc. is presented in the table below:
(in millions)                        december 31, 2021                december 31, 2020
current assets                         $19,522                          $22,638
noncurrent assets                      174,980                          165,294
current liabilities                     22,195                           19,982
noncurrent liabilities                 115,126                          112,930
due to non-guarantors                    8,208                            7,433
due to related parties                   3,842                            4,873
due from related parties                    27           22
the summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by t-mobile usa, inc. is presented in the table below:
year ended december 31, 2021        year ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)
total revenues                                             $78,538                             $67,112
operating income                                             3,835                               4,335
net income                                                     402                               1,148
revenue from non-guarantors                                  1,769                               1,496
operating expenses to non-guarantors                         2,655                               2,127
other expense to non-guarantors                              (148)                               (114)
the summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by sprint and sprint communications is presented in the table below:
(in millions)                        december 31, 2021       december 31, 2020
current assets                         $11,969                  $2,646
noncurrent assets                       10,347                  26,278
current liabilities                     15,136                   4,209
noncurrent liabilities                  70,262                  65,161
due from non-guarantors                  1,787                  25,993
due to related parties                   3,842                   4,786
due from related parties                    27                       -
the summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by sprint and sprint communications, since the acquisition of sprint on april 1, 2020, is presented in the table below:
year ended december 31, 2021                nine months ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)
total revenues                                                  $7                                              $10
operating loss                                               (751)                                             (15)
net loss                                                   (2,161)                                          (2,229)
revenue from non-guarantors                                      2                                                6
other income, net, from non-guarantors                       1,706                                            1,084
the summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by sprint capital corporation is presented in the table below:
(in millions)                        december 31, 2021       december 31, 2020
current assets                         $11,969                  $2,646
noncurrent assets                       19,375                  35,330
current liabilities                     15,208                   4,281
noncurrent liabilities                  75,753                  70,253
due from non-guarantors                 10,814                  35,046
due to related parties                   3,842                   4,786
due from related parties                    27                       -
the summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by sprint capital corporation, since the acquisition of sprint on april 1, 2020, is presented in the table below:
year ended december 31, 2021                nine months ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)
total revenues                                                  $7                                              $10
operating loss                                               (751)                                             (15)
net loss                                                   (2,590)                                          (2,165)
revenue from non-guarantors                                      2                                                6
other income, net, from non-guarantors                       2,076                                            1,085
affiliates whose securities collateralize the senior secured notes for a description of the collateral arrangements relating to securities of affiliates that collateralize the senior secured notes, please refer to the section entitled "affiliates whose securities collateralize the notes and the guarantees" in the company's registration statement on form s-4/a filed with the sec on april 21, 2021, which section is incorporated herein by reference.
the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the combined affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of the company.
performance measures in managing our business and assessing financial performance, we supplement the information provided by our consolidated financial statements with other operating or statistical data and non-gaap financial measures. these operating and financial measures are utilized by our management to evaluate our operating performance and, in certain cases, our ability to meet liquidity requirements. although companies in the wireless industry may not define each of these measures in precisely the same way, we believe that these measures facilitate comparisons with other companies in the wireless industry on key operating and financial measures.
the performance measures presented below include the impact of the merger on a prospective basis from the close date of april 1, 2020 and the impact of the acquisition of the wireless assets from shentel on a prospective basis from the close date of july 1, 2021. historical results prior to the respective close dates have not been retroactively adjusted.
customers a customer is generally defined as a sim number with a unique t-mobile identifier which is associated with an account that generates revenue. customers are qualified either for postpaid service utilizing phones, high speed internet, wearables, digits or other connected devices, which include tablets and syncup products, where they generally pay after receiving service, or prepaid service, where they generally pay in advance of receiving service.
the following table sets forth the number of ending customers:
as of december 31,                                                                                2021 versus 2020                                     2020 versus 2019
(in thousands)                                                                                                    2021                     2020                        2019                          #                         %              #                    %
customers, end of period postpaid phone customers (1)(2)                                                                             70,262                   66,618                      40,345                      3,644                         5   %      26,273                  65   %
postpaid other customers (1)(2)                                                                             17,401                   14,732                       6,689                      2,669                        18   %       8,043                 120   %
total postpaid customers                                                                                    87,663                   81,350                      47,034                      6,313                         8   %      34,316                  73   %
prepaid customers (1)                                                                                       21,056                   20,714                      20,860                        342                         2   %       (146)                 (1)   %
total customers                                                                                            108,719                  102,064                      67,894                      6,655                         7   %      34,170                  50   %
acquired customers, net of base adjustments (1)(2)                                                             818                   29,228                       (616)                   (28,410)                      (97)   %      29,844                      nm
(1)    includes customers acquired in connection with the merger and certain customer base adjustments. see customer base adjustments and net customer additions tables below.
(2) in the first quarter of 2021, we acquired 11,000 postpaid phone customers and 1,000 postpaid other customers through our acquisition of an affiliate. in the third quarter of 2021, we acquired 716,000 postpaid phone customers and 90,000 postpaid other customers through our acquisition of the wireless assets from shentel.
nm - not meaningful total customers increased 6,655,000, or 7%, primarily from:
•higher postpaid phone customers, primarily due to the continued success of new customer segments and rate plans, and continued growth in existing and new markets, along with targeted promotional activity and increased retail store traffic, compared to lower retail traffic in the prior period due to closures arising from the pandemic;
•higher postpaid other customers, primarily due to growth in other connected devices, including growth in wearable products, high speed internet, and public and educational sector customers; and
•higher prepaid customers, primarily due to the continued success of our prepaid business due to promotional activity and rate plan offers.
customer base adjustments certain adjustments were made to align the customer reporting policies of t-mobile and sprint.
the adjustments made to the reported t-mobile and sprint ending customer base as of march 31, 2020, are presented below:
(in thousands)                                                             postpaid phone customers                  postpaid other customers         total postpaid customers                prepaid customers         total customers reconciliation to beginning customers t-mobile customers as reported, end of period march 31, 2020                      40,797                                     7,014                           47,811                              20,732                  68,543
sprint customers as reported, end of period march 31, 2020                        25,916                                     8,428                           34,344                               8,256                  42,600
total combined customers, end of period march 31, 2020                            66,713                                    15,442                           82,155                              28,988                 111,143
adjustments reseller reclassification to wholesale customers (1)                               (199)                                   (2,872)                          (3,071)                                   -                 (3,071)
eip reclassification from postpaid to prepaid (2)                                  (963)                                         -                            (963)              963                                          -
divested prepaid customers (3)                                                         -                                         -                                -                             (9,207)                 (9,207)
rate plan threshold (4)                                                            (182)                                     (918)                          (1,100)                                   -                 (1,100)
customers with non-phone devices (5)                                               (226)              226                                                         -                                   -                       -
collection policy alignment (6)                                                    (150)                                      (46)                            (196)                                   -                   (196)
miscellaneous adjustments (7)                                                      (141)                                      (43)                            (184)                               (302)                   (486)
total adjustments                                                                (1,861)                                   (3,653)                          (5,514)                             (8,546)                (14,060)
adjusted beginning customers as of april 1, 2020                                  64,852                                    11,789                           76,641                              20,442                  97,083
(1) in connection with the closing of the merger, we refined our definition of wholesale customers, resulting in the reclassification of certain postpaid and prepaid reseller customers to wholesale customers. starting with the three months ended march 31, 2020, we discontinued reporting wholesale customers to focus on postpaid and prepaid customers and wholesale revenues, which we consider more relevant than the number of wholesale customers given the expansion of m2m and iot products.
(2) prepaid customers with a device installment billing plan historically included as sprint postpaid customers have been reclassified to prepaid customers to align with t-mobile policy.
(3) customers associated with the sprint wireless prepaid and boost mobile brands that were divested on july 1, 2020, have been excluded from our reported customers.
(4) customers who have rate plans with monthly recurring charges which are considered insignificant have been excluded from our reported customers.
(5) customers with postpaid phone rate plans without a phone (e.g., non-phone devices) have been reclassified from postpaid phone to postpaid other customers to align with t-mobile policy.
(6) certain sprint customers subject to collection activity for an extended period of time have been excluded from our reported customers to align with t-mobile policy.
(7) miscellaneous insignificant adjustments to align with t-mobile policy.
net customer additions the following table sets forth the number of net customer additions:
year ended december 31,                                                                       2021 versus 2020                                     2020 versus 2019
(in thousands)                                                 2021                                       2020                     2019                         #                          %                         #                       %
net customer additions postpaid phone customers                                                                             2,917                    2,218                     3,121                        699                        32   %                (903)                  (29)   %
postpaid other customers                                                                             2,578                    3,268                     1,394                      (690)                      (21)   %                1,874                   134   %
total postpaid customers                                                                             5,495                    5,486                     4,515                          9                            nm                  971                    22   %
prepaid customers                                                                                      342                      145                       339                        197                       136   %                (194)                  (57)   %
total customers                                                                                      5,837                    5,631                     4,854                        206                         4   %                  777                    16   %
acquired customers, net of base adjustments                                                            818                   29,228                     (616)                   (28,410)                      (97)   %               29,844                        nm nm - not meaningful total net customer additions increased 206,000, or 4%, primarily from:
•higher postpaid phone net customer additions, primarily due to increased retail store traffic, compared to lower retail traffic in the prior period due to closures arising from the pandemic, partially offset by higher churn; and
•higher prepaid net customer additions, primarily due to lower churn; partially offset by
•lower postpaid other net customer additions, primarily due to elevated gross additions in the prior period related to the public and educational sector resulting from the pandemic and higher disconnects from an increased customer base, partially offset by growth in high speed internet. high speed internet net customer additions were 546,000 and 87,000 for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
churn churn represents the number of customers whose service was disconnected as a percentage of the average number of customers during the specified period further divided by the number of months in the period. the number of customers whose service was disconnected is presented net of customers that subsequently have their service restored within a certain period of time. we believe that churn provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to evaluate customer retention and loyalty.
the following table sets forth the churn:
year ended december 31,                                                    bps change 2021 versus 2020         bps change 2020 versus 2019
2021              2020                                  2019
postpaid phone churn                                                           0.98   %                0.90   %                             0.89           %                               8 bps          1 bps prepaid churn                                                                  2.83   %                3.03   %                             3.82           %                             -20 bps        -79 bps postpaid phone churn increased 8 basis points, primarily from:
•higher churn from customers acquired in the merger; and
•more normalized switching activity relative to the muted pandemic-driven conditions a year ago.
prepaid churn decreased 20 basis points, primarily from:
•promotional activity; and
•improved quality of recently acquired customers.
total postpaid accounts a postpaid account is generally defined as a billing account number that generates revenue. postpaid accounts generally consist of customers that are qualified for postpaid service utilizing phones, high speed internet, wearables, digits or other connected devices, which include tablets and syncup products, where they generally pay after receiving service.
as of december 31,                                                                                2021 versus 2020                          2020 versus 2019
(in thousands)                                                                      2021                        2020                                          2019       # change                   % change   # change                  % change total postpaid customer accounts (1)(2)                                                            27,216                   25,754                      15,047         1,462                          6    %   10,707           71                 %
(1) includes accounts acquired in connection with the merger and certain account base adjustments. see account base adjustments table below.
(2)    in the first quarter of 2021, we acquired 4,000 postpaid accounts through our acquisition of an affiliate. in the third quarter of 2021, we acquired 270,000 postpaid accounts through our acquisition of the wireless assets of shentel.
total postpaid customer accounts increased 1,462,000, or 6%, primarily due to the continued success of new customer segments and rate plans, continued growth in existing and new markets, including our high speed internet product, along with targeted promotional activity and increased retail store traffic compared to the prior period due to closures arising from the pandemic.
account base adjustments certain adjustments were made to align the account reporting policies of t-mobile and sprint.
the adjustments made to the reported t-mobile and sprint ending account base as of march 31, 2020 are presented below:
(in thousands)                                                        postpaid accounts reconciliation to beginning accounts t-mobile accounts as reported, end of period march 31, 2020              15,244
sprint accounts, end of period march 31, 2020                            11,246
total combined accounts, end of period march 31, 2020                    26,490
adjustments reseller reclassification to wholesale accounts (1)                         (1)
eip reclassification from postpaid to prepaid (2)                         (963)
rate plan threshold (3)                                                    (18)
collection policy alignment (4)                                            (76)
miscellaneous adjustments (5)                                              (47)
total adjustments                                                       (1,105)
adjusted beginning accounts as of april 1, 2020                          25,385
(1) in connection with the closing of the merger, we refined our definition of wholesale accounts resulting in the reclassification of certain postpaid and prepaid reseller accounts to wholesale accounts.
(2) prepaid accounts with a customer with a device installment billing plan historically included as sprint postpaid accounts have been reclassified to prepaid accounts to align with t-mobile policy.
(3) accounts with customers who have rate plans with monthly recurring charges that are considered insignificant have been excluded from our reported accounts.
(4) certain sprint accounts subject to collection activity for an extended period of time have been excluded from our reported accounts to align with t-mobile policy.
(5) miscellaneous insignificant adjustments to align with t-mobile policy.
postpaid net account additions the following table sets forth the number of postpaid net account additions:
as of december 31,                                                                        2021 versus 2020                                   2020 versus 2019
(in thousands)                                                             2021                                    2020                      2019                # change                   % change   # change       % change postpaid net account additions                                                           1,188                  566                     1,018       622                                     110    %   (452)          (44)      %
postpaid net account additions increased 622,000, or 110%, primarily due to the continued success of new customer segments and rate plans, continued growth in existing and new markets, including our high speed internet product, along with targeted promotional activity and increased retail store traffic compared to the prior period due to closures arising from the pandemic.
average revenue per user arpu represents the average monthly service revenue earned from customers. we believe arpu provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our service revenue per customer and assist in forecasting our future service revenues generated from our customer base. postpaid phone arpu excludes postpaid other customers and related revenues, which include high speed internet, wearables, digits and other connected devices such as tablets and syncup products.
the following table illustrates the calculation of our operating measure arpu and reconciles this measure to the related service revenues:
(in millions, except average number of customers and arpu)                                                  year ended december 31,                                                                            2021 versus 2020                                     2020 versus 2019
2021                                      2020                        2019         $ change                  % change       $ change                   % change calculation of postpaid phone arpu postpaid service revenues                                                                                                                                     $42,562                  $36,306                     $22,673                    $6,256                          17   %                    $13,633               60   %
less: postpaid other revenues                                                                                                                                 (3,408)                  (2,367)                     (1,344)                   (1,041)                          44   %                    (1,023)               76   %
postpaid phone service revenues                                                                                                                                39,154                   33,939                      21,329                     5,215                          15   %                     12,610               59   %
divided by: average number of postpaid phone customers (in thousands) and number of months in period                                                           68,327                   59,249                      38,602                     9,078                          15   %                     20,647               53   %
postpaid phone arpu                                                                                                                                            $47.75                   $47.74                      $46.04                     $0.01                              nm                      $1.70                4   %
calculation of prepaid arpu prepaid service revenues                                                                                                                                       $9,733                   $9,421                      $9,543                      $312                           3   %                     $(122)              (1)   %
divided by: average number of prepaid customers (in thousands) and number of months in period                                                                  20,909                   20,594                      20,955                       315                           2   %                      (361)              (2)   %
prepaid arpu                                                                                                                                                   $38.79                   $38.12                      $37.95                     $0.67                           2   %                      $0.17                -   %
nm - not meaningful postpaid phone arpu postpaid phone arpu was essentially flat and was primarily impacted by:
•higher premium services, including magenta max; and
•the net impact of customers acquired in the merger, which have higher arpu (net of changes arising from the reduction in base due to policy adjustments and reclassification of certain arpu components from the acquired customers being moved to other revenue lines); offset by
•promotional activity; and
•the impact of the transition of sprint customers to tax-inclusive rate plans.
prepaid arpu prepaid arpu increased $0.67, or 2%, primarily due to:
•higher premium services; and
•higher revenues due to improved rate plan mix; partially offset by
•a reduction in certain non-recurring charges.
average revenue per account average revenue per account ("arpa") represents the average monthly postpaid service revenue earned per account. we believe postpaid arpa provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our postpaid service revenue realization and assist in forecasting our future postpaid service revenues on a per account basis. we consider postpaid arpa to be indicative of our revenue growth potential given the increase in the average number of postpaid phone customers per account and increases in postpaid other customers, including high speed internet, wearables, digits or other connected devices, which include tablets and syncup products.
the following table illustrates the calculation of our operating measure arpa and reconciles this measure to the related service revenues:
(in millions, except average number of accounts, arpa)                                                year ended december 31,                                                                            2021 versus 2020                            2020 versus 2019
2021                                      2020                        2019         $ change         % change       $ change                   % change calculation of postpaid arpa postpaid service revenues                                                                                                                               $42,562                  $36,306                     $22,673           $6,256                          17   %                    $13,633             60   %
divided by: average number of postpaid accounts (in thousands) and number of months in period                                                            26,464                   22,959                      14,486            3,505                          15   %                      8,473             58   %
postpaid arpa                                                                                                                                           $134.03                  $131.78                     $130.43            $2.25                           2   %                      $1.35              1   %
postpaid arpa increased $2.25, or 2%, primarily from:
•an increase in customers per account; and
•higher premium services, including magenta max; partially offset by
•promotional activity.
adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda beginning in the first quarter of 2021, we began disclosing core adjusted ebitda as a financial measure to improve comparability as we de-emphasize device leasing programs as part of our value proposition.
adjusted ebitda represents earnings before interest expense, net of interest income, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and certain income and expenses not reflective of our ongoing operating performance. core adjusted ebitda represents adjusted ebitda less device lease revenues. adjusted ebitda margin represents adjusted ebitda divided by service revenues. core adjusted ebitda margin represents core adjusted ebitda divided by service revenues.
adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, core adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda margin are non-gaap financial measures utilized by our management to monitor the financial performance of our operations. we use adjusted ebitda internally as a measure to evaluate and compensate our personnel and management for their performance. we use adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda as benchmarks to evaluate our operating performance in comparison to our competitors. management believes analysts and investors use adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda as supplemental measures to evaluate overall operating performance and facilitate comparisons with other wireless communications services companies because they are indicative of our ongoing operating performance and trends by excluding the impact of interest expense from financing, non-cash depreciation and amortization from capital investments, stock-based compensation, merger-related costs including network decommissioning costs and incremental costs directly attributable to the pandemic, as they are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance, as well as certain other nonrecurring income and expenses. management believes analysts and investors use core adjusted ebitda because it normalizes for the transition in the company's device financing strategy, by excluding the impact of device lease revenues from adjusted ebitda, to align with the exclusion of the related depreciation expense on leased devices from adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, core adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda margin have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for income from operations, net income or any other measure of financial performance reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap").
the following table illustrates the calculation of adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda and reconciles adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda to net income, which we consider to be the most directly comparable gaap financial measure:
year ended december 31,                                                                              2021 versus 2020                                           2020 versus 2019
(in millions)                                                                                      2021                                         2020                     2019       $ change                       % change         $ change                   % change net income                                                                                                                                $3,024                   $3,064                         $3,468                          $(40)                        (1)    %               $(404)               (12)    %
adjustments:
income from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                                                -                    (320)                              -                            320                      (100)    %                (320)                      nm income from continuing operations                                                                                                          3,024                    2,744                          3,468                            280                         10    %                (724)               (21)    %
interest expense                                                                                                                           3,189                    2,483                            727                            706                         28    %                1,756                242    %
interest expense to affiliates                                                                                                               173                      247                            408                           (74)                       (30)    %                (161)               (39)    %
interest income                                                                                                                             (20)                     (29)                           (24)                              9                       (31)    %                  (5)                 21    %
other expense, net                                                                                                                           199                      405                              8                          (206)                       (51)    %                  397              4,963    %
income tax expense                                                                                                                           327                      786                          1,135                          (459)                       (58)    %                (349)               (31)    %
operating income                                                                                                                           6,892                    6,636                          5,722                            256                          4    %                  914                 16    %
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                             16,383                   14,151                          6,616                          2,232                         16    %                7,535                114    %
operating income from discontinued operations (1)                                                                                              -                      432                              -                          (432)                      (100)    %                  432                      nm stock-based compensation (2)                                                                                                                 521                      516                            423                              5                          1    %                   93                 22    %
merger-related costs                                                                                                                       3,107                    1,915                            620                          1,192                         62    %                1,295                209    %
covid-19-related costs                                                                                                                         -                      458                              -                          (458)                      (100)    %                  458                      nm impairment expense                                                                                                                             -                      418                              -                          (418)                      (100)    %                  418                      nm other, net (3)                                                                                                                                21                       31                              2                           (10)                       (32)    %                   29              1,450    %
adjusted ebitda                                                                                                                           26,924                   24,557                         13,383                          2,367                         10    %               11,174                 83    %
lease revenues                                                                                                                           (3,348)                  (4,181)                          (599)                            833                       (20)    %              (3,582)                598    %
core adjusted ebitda                                                                                                                     $23,576                  $20,376                        $12,784                         $3,200                         16    %               $7,592                 59    %
net income margin (net income divided by service revenues)                                                                                     5   %                    6   %                         10   %                                                   -100 bps                                        -400 bps adjusted ebitda margin (adjusted ebitda divided by service revenues)                                                                          46   %                   49   %                         39   %                                                   -300 bps                                        1000 bps core adjusted ebitda margin (core adjusted ebitda divided by service revenues)                                                                40   %                   40   %                         37   %                                                      - bps                                         300 bps nm - not meaningful
(1)following the prepaid transaction starting on july 1, 2020, we provide mvno services to dish. we have included the operating income from april 1, 2020 through june 30, 2020, in our determination of adjusted ebitda to reflect contributions of the prepaid business that were replaced by the mvno agreement beginning on july 1, 2020 in order to enable management, analysts and investors to better assess ongoing operating performance and trends.
(2)stock-based compensation includes payroll tax impacts and may not agree with stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated financial statements. additionally, certain stock-based compensation expenses associated with the transactions have been included in merger-related costs.
(3)other, net may not agree with the consolidated statements of comprehensive income primarily due to certain non-routine operating activities, such as other special items that would not be expected to reoccur or are not reflective of t-mobile's ongoing operating performance, and are, therefore, excluded from adjusted ebitda and core adjusted ebitda.
core adjusted ebitda increased $3.2 billion, or 16%, for the year ended december 31, 2021. the components comprising core adjusted ebitda are discussed further above.
the increase was primarily due to:
•higher total service revenues; and
•higher equipment revenues, excluding lease revenues; partially offset by
•higher cost of equipment sales, excluding merger-related costs;
•higher cost of services, excluding merger-related costs; and
•higher selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding merger-related costs and supplemental employee payroll, third-party commissions and cleaning-related covid-19 costs.
adjusted ebitda increased $2.4 billion, or 10%, for the year ended december 31, 2021. the change was primarily due to the increase in core adjusted ebitda, discussed above, partially offset by a decrease of lease revenues of $833 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from issuance of debt and common stock, financing leases, the sale of certain receivables, financing arrangements of vendor payables which effectively extend payment terms and the revolving credit facility (as defined below). further, the incurrence of additional indebtedness may inhibit our ability to incur new debt under the terms governing our existing and future indebtedness, which may make it more difficult for us to incur new debt in the future to finance our business strategy.
cash flows the following is a condensed schedule of our cash flows:
year ended december 31,                                                                               2021 versus 2020                            2020 versus 2019
(in millions)                                                                                   2021                                              2020                        2019                             $             %                       $             %
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                       $13,917                     $8,640                      $6,824            $5,277                        61   %      $1,816                    27   %
net cash used in investing activities                                                                          (19,386)                   (12,715)                     (4,125)           (6,671)                        52   %     (8,590)                   208   %
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                               1,709                     13,010                     (2,374)          (11,301)                      (87)   %      15,384                 (648)   %
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $5.3 billion, or 61%, primarily from:
•a $4.8 billion decrease in net cash outflows from changes in working capital, primarily due to lower use of cash from accounts payable and accrued liabilities and inventories, the one-time impact of $2.3 billion in gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps related to merger financing for the year ended december 31, 2020, included in the use of cash from other current and long-term liabilities, as well as lower use of cash from operating lease right-of-use assets, partially offset by higher use of cash from equipment installment plan receivables and short- and long-term operating lease liabilities, including a $1.0 billion advance rent payment related to the modification of one of our master lease agreements; and
•a $506 million increase in net income, adjusted for non-cash income and expense.
•net cash provided by operating activities includes $2.2 billion and $1.5 billion in payments for merger-related costs for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased $6.7 billion, or 52%. the use of cash was primarily from:
•$12.3 billion in purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, from network integration related to the merger and the continued build-out of our nationwide 5g network;
•$9.4 billion in purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits, primarily due to $8.9 billion paid for spectrum licenses won at the conclusion of auction 107 in march 2021; and
•$1.9 billion in acquisitions of companies, primarily due to our acquisition of the wireless assets from shentel; partially offset by
•$4.1 billion in proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities decreased $11.3 billion, or 87%. the source of cash was primarily from:
•$14.7 billion in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs; partially offset by
•$11.1 billion in repayments of long-term debt;
•$1.1 billion in repayments of financing lease obligations; and
•$316 million in tax withholdings on share-based awards.
cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents were $6.6 billion compared to $10.4 billion at december 31, 2020.
free cash flow free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities less cash payments for purchases of property and equipment, including proceeds from sales of tower sites and proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions, less cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment. free cash flow and free cash flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, are non-gaap financial measures utilized by our management, investors and analysts of our financial information to evaluate cash available to pay debt and provide further investment in the business.
in 2021 and 2019, we sold tower sites for proceeds of $40 million and $38 million, respectively, which are included in proceeds from sales of tower sites within net cash used in investing activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. as these proceeds were from the sale of fixed assets and are used by management to assess cash available for capital expenditures during the year, we determined the proceeds are relevant for the calculation of free cash flow and included them in the table below. other proceeds from the sale of fixed assets for the periods presented are not significant. we have presented the impact of the sales in the table below, which reconciles free cash flow and free cash flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, to net cash provided by operating activities, which we consider to be the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
year ended december 31,                                                                                2021 versus 2020                                       2020 versus 2019
(in millions)                                                                                         2021                                           2020                       2019                     $ change                  % change       $ change                     % change net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                     $13,917                     $8,640                      $6,824                    $5,277                            61   %                       $1,816                 27   %
cash purchases of property and equipment                                                                                                     (12,326)                   (11,034)                     (6,391)                   (1,292)                            12   %                      (4,643)                 73   %
proceeds from sales of tower sites                                                                                                                 40                          -                          38                        40                                nm                         (38)              (100)   %
proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions                                                                         4,131                      3,134                       3,876                       997                            32   %                        (742)               (19)   %
cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs                                                                                  (116)                       (82)                        (28)                      (34)                            41   %                         (54)                193   %
free cash flow                                                                                                                                  5,646                        658                       4,319                     4,988                           758   %                      (3,661)               (85)   %
gross cash paid for the settlement of interest rate swaps                                                                                           -                      2,343                           -                   (2,343)                         (100)   %                        2,343                     nm free cash flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps                                                             $5,646                     $3,001                      $4,319                    $2,645                            88   %                     $(1,318)               (31)   %
nm - not meaningful free cash flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, increased $2.6 billion, or 88%. the increase was primarily impacted by the following:
•higher net cash provided by operating activities, as described above; and
•higher proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions; partially offset by
•higher cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest.
•free cash flow, excluding gross payments for settlement of interest rate swaps, includes $2.2 billion and $1.5 billion in payments for merger-related costs for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
•the calculation of free cash flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, excludes the one-time impact of gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps related to merger financing of $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
borrowing capacity we maintain a financing arrangement with deutsche bank ag, which allows for up to $108 million in borrowings. under the financing arrangement, we can effectively extend payment terms for invoices payable to certain vendors. as of december 31, 2021, there were no outstanding balances under such financing arrangement.
we also maintain vendor financing arrangements primarily with our main network equipment suppliers. under the respective agreements, we can obtain extended financing terms. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we repaid $184 million, associated with the vendor financing arrangements and other financial liabilities. these payments are included in repayments of short-term debt for purchases of inventory, property and equipment and other financial liabilities, on our consolidated statements of cash flows. as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, the outstanding balance under the vendor financing arrangements and other financial liabilities was $47 million and $240 million, respectively, of which $0 and $122 million, respectively, was assumed in connection with the closing of the merger.
we maintain a revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") with an aggregate commitment amount of $5.5 billion. as of december 31, 2021, there was no outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility.
on october 30, 2020, we entered into a $5.0 billion senior secured term loan commitment with certain financial institutions. on january 14, 2021, we issued an aggregate of $3.0 billion of senior notes. the senior secured term loan commitment was reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate gross proceeds of the senior notes, which reduced the commitment to $2.0 billion. on march 23, 2021, we issued an aggregate of $3.8 billion of senior notes. the senior secured term loan commitment was terminated upon the issuance of the $3.8 billion of senior notes.
debt financing as of december 31, 2021, our total debt and financing lease liabilities were $76.8 billion, excluding our tower obligations, of which $68.6 billion was classified as long-term debt and $1.5 billion was classified as long-term financing lease liabilities.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we issued long-term debt for net proceeds of $14.7 billion and redeemed and repaid short- and long-term debt with an aggregate principal amount of $11.3 billion.
for more information regarding our debt financing transactions, see note 8 - debt of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
spectrum auctions in march 2021, the fcc announced that we were the winning bidder of 142 licenses in auction 107 (c-band spectrum) for an aggregate purchase price of $9.3 billion, excluding relocation costs. at the inception of auction 107 in october 2020, we deposited $438 million. upon conclusion of auction 107 in march 2021, we paid the fcc the remaining $8.9 billion for the licenses won in the auction. we expect to incur an additional $1.0 billion in relocation costs which will be paid through 2024.
in january 2022, the fcc announced that we were the winning bidder of 199 licenses in auction 110 (mid-band spectrum) for an aggregate purchase price of $2.9 billion. at the inception of auction 110 in september 2021, we deposited $100 million. we paid the fcc the remaining $2.8 billion for the licenses won in the auction in the first quarter of 2022.
for more information regarding our spectrum licenses, see note 6 - goodwill, spectrum license transactions and other intangible assets of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
shentel wireless assets acquisition on july 1, 2021, we closed on the acquisition of the wireless assets for a cash purchase price of approximately $1.9 billion. for more information regarding the acquisition of the wireless assets, see note 2 - business combinations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have arrangements, as amended from time to time, to sell certain eip accounts receivable and service accounts receivable on a revolving basis as a source of liquidity. as of december 31, 2021, we derecognized net receivables of $2.5 billion upon sale through these arrangements.
for more information regarding these off-balance sheet arrangements, see note 4 - sales of certain receivables of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
future sources and uses of liquidity we may seek additional sources of liquidity, including through the issuance of additional debt in 2022, to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses or other assets in private party transactions or for the refinancing of existing long-term debt on an opportunistic basis. excluding liquidity that could be needed for spectrum acquisitions, or for other assets, we expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business operations for the next 12 months as well as our longer-term liquidity needs. our intended use of any such funds is for general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures, spectrum purchases, opportunistic investments and acquisitions, redemption of debt, tower obligations and the execution of our integration plan.
we determine future liquidity requirements, for both operations and capital expenditures, based in large part upon projected financial and operating performance, and opportunities to acquire additional spectrum. we regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. we have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the government commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating t-mobile's and sprint's businesses, operations, policies and procedures. see "restructuring" of this md&a. while we have assumed that a certain level of merger-related expenses will be incurred, factors beyond our control, including required consultation and negotiation with certain counterparties, could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. these expenses could exceed the costs historically borne by us and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. there are a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including those due to the impact of the pandemic, that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections, which could cause future liquidity to differ materially from our assessment.
the indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing our long-term debt to affiliates and third parties, excluding financing leases, contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the issuers or borrowers and the guarantor subsidiaries to incur more debt, pay dividends and make distributions on our common stock, make certain investments, repurchase stock, create liens or other encumbrances, enter into transactions with affiliates, enter into transactions that restrict dividends or distributions from subsidiaries, and merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. certain provisions of each of the credit agreements, indentures and supplemental indentures relating to the long-term debt to affiliates and third parties restrict the ability of the issuers or borrowers to loan funds or make payments to parent. however, the issuers or borrowers are allowed to make certain permitted payments to parent under the terms of each of the credit agreements, indentures and supplemental indentures relating to the long-term debt to affiliates and third parties. we were in compliance with all restrictive debt covenants as of december 31, 2021.
financing lease facilities we have entered into uncommitted financing lease facilities with certain partners that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services. as of december 31, 2021, we have committed to $6.3 billion of financing leases under these financing lease facilities, of which $1.2 billion was executed during the year ended december 31, 2021. we expect to enter into up to an additional $1.2 billion in financing lease commitments during the year ending december 31, 2022.
capital expenditures our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base and business practices of t-mobile and sprint. property and equipment capital expenditures primarily relate to the integration of our network and spectrum licenses, including acquired sprint pcs and 2.5 ghz spectrum licenses and existing 600 mhz spectrum licenses as we build out our nationwide 5g network. we expect the majority of our remaining capital expenditures related to these efforts to occur in 2022, after which we currently expect a reduction in capital expenditure requirements.
we expect cash purchases of property and equipment to range from $13.0 billion to $13.5 billion in 2022.
for more information regarding our spectrum licenses, see note 6 - goodwill, spectrum license transactions and other intangible assets of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
stockholder returns we have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
we may use excess cash to repurchase shares of our common stock, subject to, among other things, approval by the board of directors and our sufficient access to sources liquidity, including potentially debt capital markets.
contractual obligations in connection with the regulatory approvals of the transactions, we made commitments to various state and federal agencies, including the u.s. department of justice (the "doj") and fcc.
for more information regarding these commitments, see note 17 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table summarizes our material contractual obligations and borrowings as of december 31, 2021, and the timing and effect that such commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and capital requirements in future periods:
(in millions)                                                       less than 1 year                1 - 3 years                4 - 5 years                more than 5 years             total long-term debt (1)                                                    $5,597                       $8,448                    $10,866                        $47,985               $72,896
interest on long-term debt                                             3,177                        5,416                      4,243                         16,406                29,242
financing lease liabilities, including imputed interest                1,161                        1,305                        164                             29                 2,659
tower obligations (2)                                                    415                          630                        626                            329                 2,000
operating lease liabilities, including imputed interest                3,868                        8,083                      6,314                         17,387                35,652
purchase obligations (3)                                               4,679                        5,595                      2,145                          1,572                13,991
spectrum leases and service credits (4)                                  350                          611                        591                          4,706                 6,258
total contractual obligations                                        $19,247                      $30,088                    $24,949                        $88,414              $162,698
(1)represents principal amounts of long-term debt to affiliates and third parties at maturity, excluding unamortized premiums, discounts, debt issuance costs, consent fees, and financing lease obligations. see note 8 - debt of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(2)future minimum payments, including principal and interest payments, related to the tower obligations. see note 9 - tower obligations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(3)the minimum commitment for certain obligations is based on termination penalties that could be paid to exit the contracts. termination penalties are included in the above table as payments due as of the earliest we could exit the contract, typically in less than one year. for certain contracts that include fixed volume purchase commitments and fixed prices for various products, the purchase obligations are calculated using fixed volumes and contractually fixed prices for the products that are expected to be purchased. this table does not include open purchase orders as of december 31, 2021 under normal business purposes. see note 17 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(4)spectrum lease agreements are typically for five to 10 years with automatic renewal provisions, bringing the total term of the agreements up to 30 years.
certain commitments and obligations are included in the table based on the year of required payment or an estimate of the year of payment. other long-term liabilities have been omitted from the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of payments, combined with the lack of historical trends to predict future payments.
the purchase obligations reflected in the table above are primarily commitments to purchase spectrum licenses, wireless devices, network services, equipment, software, marketing sponsorship agreements and other items in the ordinary course of business. these amounts do not represent our entire anticipated purchases in the future, but represent only those items for which we are contractually committed. where we are committed to make a minimum payment to the supplier regardless of whether we take delivery, we have included only that minimum payment as a purchase obligation. the acquisition of spectrum licenses is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions.
subsequent to december 31, 2021, on january 3, 2022, we entered into an agreement (the "crown agreement") with crown castle international corp that will enable us to lease towers from cci through december 2033, followed by optional renewals. the crown agreement amends the pricing for our non-dedicated transportation lines, which includes lit fiber backhaul and small cell circuits. we have committed to an annual volume commitment to execute and deliver 35,000 small cell contracts, including upgrades to existing locations, over the next five years. the minimum commitment for small cells is $1.8 billion through 2039.
related party transactions we have related party transactions associated with dt, softbank or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including intercompany servicing and licensing. see note 19 - additional financial information of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
disclosure of iranian activities under section 13(r) of the securities exchange act of 1934
section 219 of the iran threat reduction and syria human rights act of 2012 added section 13(r) to the exchange act of 1934, as amended ("exchange act"). section 13(r) requires an issuer to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to iran or with designated natural persons or entities involved in terrorism or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. disclosure is required even where the activities, transactions or dealings are conducted outside the u.s. by non-u.s. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and whether or not the activities are sanctionable under u.s. law.
as of the date of this report, we are not aware of any activity, transaction or dealing by us or any of our affiliates for the year ended december 31, 2021, that requires disclosure in this report under section 13(r) of the exchange act, except as set forth below with respect to affiliates that we do not control and that are our affiliates solely due to their common control with either dt or softbank. we have relied upon dt and softbank for information regarding their respective activities, transactions and dealings.
dt, through certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries, is party to roaming and interconnect agreements with the following mobile and fixed line telecommunication providers in iran, some of which are or may be government-controlled entities: irancell telecommunications services company, telecommunication kish company, mobile telecommunication company of iran, and telecommunication infrastructure company of iran. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2021, dt, through certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries, provided basic telecommunications services to two customers in germany identified on the specially designated nationals and blocked persons list maintained by the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control: bank melli and europäisch-iranische handelsbank. these services have been terminated or are in the process of being terminated. for the year ended december 31, 2021, gross revenues of all dt affiliates generated by roaming and interconnection traffic and telecommunications services with the iranian parties identified herein were less than $0.4 million, and the estimated net profits were less than $0.4 million.
in addition, dt, through certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries that operate a fixed-line network in their respective european home countries (in particular germany), provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to the embassy of iran in those european countries. gross revenues and net profits recorded from these activities for the year ended december 31, 2021 were less than $0.4 million. we understand that dt intends to continue these activities.
separately, softbank, through one of its non-u.s. subsidiaries, provides roaming services in iran through irancell telecommunications services company. during the year ended december 31, 2021, softbank had no gross revenues from such services and no net profit was generated. we understand that the softbank subsidiary intends to continue such services. this subsidiary also provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to accounts affiliated with the embassy of iran in japan. during the year ended december 31, 2021, softbank estimates that gross revenues and net profit generated by such services were both under $0.1 million. we understand that the softbank subsidiary is obligated under contract and intends to continue such services.
in addition, softbank, through one of its non-u.s. indirect subsidiaries, provides office supplies to the embassy of iran in japan. softbank estimates that gross revenue and net profit generated by such services during the year ended december 31, 2021, were both under $0.1 million. we understand that the softbank subsidiary intends to continue such activities.
critical accounting estimates our significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our results of operations and financial condition as they require that we use estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
three of these policies, discussed below, are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. actual results could differ from those estimates.
management and the audit committee of the board of directors have reviewed and approved these critical accounting policies.
depreciation our property and equipment balance represents a significant component of our consolidated assets. we record property and equipment at cost, and we generally depreciate property and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets. if all other factors were to remain unchanged, we expect that a one-year increase in the useful lives of our in-service property and equipment, exclusive of leased devices, would have resulted in a decrease of approximately $3.5 billion in our 2021 depreciation expense and that a one-year decrease in the useful life would have resulted in an increase of approximately $4.0 billion in our 2021 depreciation expense.
see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies and note 5 - property and equipment of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation of assets, including management's underlying estimates of useful lives.
evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as our spectrum licenses, are not amortized but tested for potential impairment annually, as of december 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate such assets might be impaired.
we test goodwill on a reporting unit basis by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its book value. if the fair value exceeds the book value, then no impairment is measured. as of december 31, 2021, we have identified one reporting unit for which discrete financial information is available and results are regularly reviewed by management: wireless. the wireless reporting unit consists of all the assets and liabilities of t-mobile us, inc.
when assessing goodwill for impairment we may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. if we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative test. we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we employed a qualitative approach to assess the wireless reporting unit. the fair value of the wireless reporting unit is determined using a market approach, which is based on market capitalization. we recognize market capitalization is subject to volatility and will monitor changes in market capitalization to determine whether declines, if any, necessitate an interim impairment review. in the event market capitalization does decline below its book value, we will consider the length, severity and reasons for the decline when assessing whether potential impairment exists, including considering whether a control premium should be added to the market capitalization. we believe short-term fluctuations in share price may not necessarily reflect the underlying aggregate fair value. no events or change in circumstances have occurred that indicate the fair value of the wireless reporting unit may be below its carrying amount at december 31, 2021.
we previously identified layer3, which consisted of the assets and liabilities of layer3 tv, inc. and provided services branded as tvisiontm, as its own reporting unit. however, we wound down our tvisiontm services offering on april 29, 2021 and discrete financial information for layer3 is no longer available or regularly reviewed by management. accordingly, we no longer identify layer3 as its own reporting unit as of december 31, 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2020, while layer3 was still identified as its own reporting unit, we determined that our enhanced in-home broadband opportunity following the merger, along with the acquisition of certain content rights, created a strategic shift in our tvisiontm services offering that indicated that the recoverability of the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to the layer3 reporting unit should be evaluated for impairment. as a result, we completed an interim goodwill impairment evaluation and determined the carrying value of the layer3 reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value. accordingly, we recorded an impairment loss of $218 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, all of which relates to the impairment recognized during the three months ended june 30, 2020. this impairment reduced the goodwill balance previously assigned to the layer3 reporting unit to zero.
we test spectrum licenses for impairment on an aggregate basis, consistent with our management of the overall business at a national level. we may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying value. if we do not perform the qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the estimated fair value of the intangible asset. if the estimated fair value of the spectrum licenses is lower than their carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. we estimate fair value using the greenfield methodology, which is an income approach, to estimate the price at which an orderly transaction to sell the asset would take place between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. the greenfield methodology values the spectrum licenses by calculating the cash flow generating potential of a hypothetical start-up company that goes into business with no assets except for the asset to be valued (in this case, spectrum licenses) and makes investments required to build an operation comparable to current use. the value of the spectrum licenses can be considered as equal to the present value of the cash flows of this hypothetical start-up company. we base the assumptions underlying the greenfield methodology on a combination of market participant data and our historical results, trends and business plans. future cash flows in the greenfield methodology are based on estimates and assumptions of market participant revenues, ebitda margin, network build-out period and a long-term growth rate for a market participant. the cash flows are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital. no events or change in circumstances have occurred that indicate the fair value of the spectrum licenses may be below their carrying amount at december 31, 2021.
the valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and spectrum licenses require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. if actual results or future expectations are not consistent with the assumptions used in our estimate of fair value, it may result in the recording of significant impairment charges on goodwill or spectrum licenses. the most significant assumptions within the valuation models are the discount rate, revenues, ebitda margins, capital expenditures and long-term growth rate.
for more information regarding our impairment assessments, see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies and note 6 - goodwill, spectrum license transactions and other intangible assets of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when these differences are realized. a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character and in the appropriate taxing jurisdictions within the carryforward periods available.
we account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements in accordance with the accounting guidance for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. we assess whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position and adjust the unrecognized tax benefits in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law.
accounting pronouncements not yet adopted for information regarding recently issued accounting standards, see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.