item 1a.       risk factors the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k/a, should be carefully considered. any one or more of such risks could materially and adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price and could cause actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future results of operations and financial condition. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect the company.
except for revisions to the risk factor below titled, "the company identified a material weakness in the company's internal control over financial reporting, which could impact the company's ability to report its results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner", this item 1a. risk factors section in this form 10-k/a has not been updated to reflect developments occurring subsequent to the company's form 10-k, filed with the sec on march 12, 2024.
operational risks the company is exposed to potential business disruption which could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the assets and operations of the company could be subject to unplanned downtime or extensive property damage and business disruption from various events which include, but are not limited to, equipment failure, raw material shortages, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, accidents, explosions, fires, or other unexpected outages. adm is committed to resiliency but these efforts may not resolve emergencies timely or effectively, and the associated liability which could result from these risks may not always be covered by or could exceed liability insurance.
the company's operations rely on dependable and efficient transportation services, the disruption of which could result in difficulties supplying materials to the company's facilities and impair the company's ability to deliver products to its customers in a timely manner.  the company relies on access to navigable rivers and waterways in order to fulfill its transportation obligations more effectively.  in addition, if certain non-agricultural commodity raw materials, such as water or certain chemicals used in the company's processing operations, are not available, the company's business could be disrupted.  any major lack of available water for use in certain of the company's processing operations could have a material adverse impact on operating results.  certain factors which may impact the availability of non-agricultural commodity raw materials are out of the company's control including, but not limited to, disruptions resulting from weather, high or low river water conditions, economic conditions, border closures, manufacturing delays or disruptions at suppliers, shortage of materials, interruption of energy supply, and unavailable or poor supplier credit conditions.
transportation, inflationary impacts, and fluctuations in energy prices could affect the company's operating results.
the company's operating costs and the selling prices of certain finished products are sensitive to changes in energy prices, inflationary pressures, and certain logistic constraints.  the company's processing plants are powered principally by electricity, natural gas, and coal.  the company's transportation operations are partially dependent upon rail access, diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products.  significant increases in the cost or access of these items, including any consequences of regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases, could adversely affect the company's production costs and operating results. the company continues to use internal and external resources to identify opportunities and take action to reduce associated impacts and its energy intensity globally to meet its demand while mitigating the effects of climate change.
item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
human capital availability may not be sufficient to effectively support global operations.
adm's global operations function with trained individuals necessary for the processing, warehousing, and shipping of raw materials for products used in other areas of manufacturing or sold as inputs or products to third-party customers. the availability of skilled trade and production workers has been a specific focus for the united states manufacturing industry. the company has various methods and tactics to mitigate potential shortfalls. the inability to properly staff manufacturing facilities with skilled trades and hourly labor due to a limited number of qualified resources could negatively impact operations.
the company may fail to realize the benefits of or experience delays in the execution of its growth strategy.
as the company executes its growth strategy, through both organic and inorganic growth, it may encounter risks which could result in increased costs, decreased revenues, and delayed synergies. growth in new geographies outside the u.s. can expose the company to volatile economic, political, and regulatory risks that may negatively impact its operations and ability to achieve its growth strategy. expanding businesses where the company has limited presence may expose the company to risks related to the inability to identify an appropriate partner or target and favorable terms, inability to retain/hire strategic talent, or integration risks that may require significant management resources that would have otherwise been available for ongoing growth or operational initiatives. acquisitions may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. due diligence performed prior to an acquisition may not identify a material liability or issue that could impact the company's reputation or adversely affect results of operations resulting in a reduction of the anticipated acquisition benefits. additionally, acquisitions may involve integration risks such as: internal control effectiveness, system integration risks, the risk of impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangibles, ability to retain acquired employees, and other unanticipated risks. the company may fail to realize the operational or financial benefits expected from acquisitions, which may impact the company's growth strategy.
the company has limited control over and may not realize the expected benefits of its equity investments and joint ventures and may not be able to monetize the investments at an attractive value when the company decides to exit the investments.
the company has $5.5 billion invested in or advanced to joint ventures and investments over which the company has limited control as to governance and management activities.  net sales to unconsolidated affiliates during the year ended december 31, 2023 were $7.0 billion.  risks related to these investments may include: the financial strength of the investment partner; loss of revenues and cash flows to the investment partner and related gross profit; the inability to implement beneficial management strategies, including risk management and compliance monitoring, with respect to the investment's activities; the risk that the company may not be able to resolve disputes with the partners; and the risk that the company may not realize the operational or financial benefits expected from the investment.  the company may encounter unanticipated operating issues, financial results, or compliance and reputational risks related to these investments. the company mitigates this risk using controls and policies related to joint venture formation, governance (including board of directors' representation), merger and acquisition integration management, and harmonization of joint venture policies with the company's policies and controls.
the company faces risks related to health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks.
the company could be materially impacted in the future if a more severe variant of the coronavirus (covid-19) or other disease would arise causing disruptions far more severe than previously experienced. in such circumstances, adm may be unable to perform fully on its contractual obligations, critical global supply chain and logistical networks may be affected, and costs and working capital needs may increase. these cost increases may not be fully recoverable or adequately covered by insurance. in addition, demand for certain products that adm produces, particularly biofuels and ingredients that go into food and beverages that support the food services channels, could be materially impacted from a prolonged regional or global outbreak, leading to government-imposed lockdowns, quarantines, or other restrictions.
geopolitical risks the company faces risks related to international conflicts, acts of terrorism or war, or other geopolitical events, such as the ongoing war in ukraine, israel-hamas war, sanctions, and other economic disruptions.
adm's assets and operations could be subject to extensive property damage and business disruption from geopolitical conflicts, acts of terrorism (e.g. purposeful adulteration of the company's products), and war. the assets and operations located in the item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
region affected by the war in ukraine are at an increased risk to property damage, inventory loss, business disruption, and expropriation. the black sea region is a major exporter of wheat and corn to the world, and the disruption of supply may continue to cause volatility in volumes, prices, and margins of these commodities and related products. while the company has a robust trade sanctions compliance program, there is a risk that adm and its related parties could trade with a sanctioned partner due to the number of sanctions taken against russia. trade receivables may be at risk of higher defaults, and other third-party risks could affect adm's ability to obtain inputs if suppliers are unable to perform or face insolvency, as certain supplies may not be attainable due to sanctions and/or restrictions on cross-border payment transactions. the company could be materially impacted if, in the worst-case scenario, the conflict in ukraine advances to other countries. though currently limited, the risk to adm's business from the war in israel could increase if it expands into other countries. in such circumstances, trade policies and the company's critical global supply chain and logistical networks could be affected, impairing the company's ability to satisfy contractual obligations and impacting working capital requirements. insurance may not adequately cover these risks. in addition, provisions for certain products that adm produces, particularly those that support the food services channels, could be materially impacted. the company continues to monitor risks associated to the conflicts in ukraine and israel along with the red sea and other political tensions and evaluate alternatives to reduce the impacts of these risks.
political instability and changes in trade policies could negatively impact the company's financial results.
the company's operating results could be affected by political instability and by changes in monetary, fiscal, trade, and environmental policies, laws, regulations, and acquisition approvals, creating risks including, but not limited to: changes in a country's or region's economic or political conditions, local labor conditions and regulations, and safety and environmental regulations; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; changes in the regulatory or legal environment; restrictions on currency exchange activities; currency exchange fluctuations; burdensome taxes and tariffs; enforceability of legal agreements and judgments; adverse tax, administrative agency or judicial outcomes; and regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases.  international risks and uncertainties, including changing social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities, and war, could limit the company's ability to transact business in these markets. the company has historically benefited from the free flow of agricultural and food and feed ingredient products from the u.s. and other sources to markets around the world. increases in tariff and restrictive trade activities around the world could negatively impact the company's ability to enter certain markets or the price of products may become less competitive in those markets.
investigation risks the investigation and related events could have a material adverse impact on the company.
as previously disclosed, the company received a voluntary document request from the sec relating to intersegment sales between the company's nutrition reporting segment and the company's ag services and oilseeds and carbohydrate solutions reporting segments.
the company has historically disclosed in the footnotes to its financial statements that intersegment sales have been recorded at amounts approximating market. in connection with the investigation, the company identified certain intersegment sales that occurred between the company's nutrition reporting segment and the company's ag services and oilseeds and carbohydrate solutions reporting segments that were not recorded at amounts approximating market. as a result of the investigation, the company has become subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to:
•the company's board of directors and senior management have been required to devote significant time to the investigation, the correction of certain segment-specific historical financial information and related matters, resulting in potential management distraction from the operation of the business;
•the price of the company's common stock has declined significantly, has been subject to fluctuations and could continue to fluctuate upon further announcements or actions;
•the company is facing securities litigation and could face additional litigation under federal and state securities laws or other claims arising from the investigation, such litigation can be costly to defend, and if decided against the company, such litigation could require the company to pay substantial judgments or settlements;
•the company could discover additional material or immaterial errors in its financial statements; and
•two of the company's credit ratings have been placed "on credit watch" and "ratings under review," and if the ratings are effectively downgraded, the company's access to the credit markets and its ability to fund its working capital and capital expenditures may be affected.
item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
each of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
in addition, although the company has taken certain actions in response to the findings of the investigation, the company could take new or different actions in addition to those taken to date if it determines those actions are appropriate. such actions are uncertain and could have a material adverse impact on the company's business and the price of its common stock.
in addition to the sec's voluntary document request described above, following the company's january 21, 2024 announcement of the investigation, the company received voluntary document requests from the doj focused primarily on the same subject matter, and the doj directed grand jury subpoenas to certain current and former company employees.  the company cannot predict when these investigations will be completed, nor can it predict the results of these investigations. expenses incurred in connection with these investigations (which include substantial fees of lawyers and other professional advisors and potential obligations to indemnify officers and directors who are parties to these investigations) could adversely affect the company's liquidity position. the company may be required to pay material fines, consent to injunctions on future conduct or be subject to other penalties, each of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. these government investigations may adversely affect the company's ability to obtain, and/or increase the cost of obtaining, directors' and officers' liability insurance and/or other types of insurance. in addition, the findings and outcomes of the investigation as well as the government investigations could result in additional litigation or actions taken by third parties against the company. the effects and results of such other litigation or actions may have a materially adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the company identified a material weakness in the company's internal control over financial reporting, which could impact the company's ability to report its results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner.
in connection with the investigation, the company identified a material weakness in the company's internal control over financial reporting related to its accounting practices and procedures for intersegment sales. the material weakness resulted from inadequate controls that allowed for certain intersegment sales to be reported at amounts not approximating market. for a description of this material weakness, see "controls and procedures" in part ii, item 9a herein. while the company has developed a remediation plan, the company will not be able to conclude whether the steps the company is taking will remediate the material weakness until a sustained period of time has passed to allow management to test the design and operational effectiveness of the new controls.
in the course of testing new controls implemented as part of the company's material weakness remediation plan in the third quarter of 2024, the company identified additional misclassified intersegment transactions. these newly identified errors concern additional intersegment sales for each of its ag services and oilseeds, carbohydrate solutions and nutrition segments that included certain intrasegment sales and should have included exclusively intersegment sales. the company also identified some intersegment transactions between ag services and oilseeds and carbohydrate solutions that were not accounted for consistently in accordance with revenue recognition and segment reporting standards and should not have been reported as intersegment sales.
the material weakness, if not fully addressed, could result in additional accounting errors, such as those resulting in the restatement of certain segment-specific historical financial information as discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 herein and in note 17 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 herein. the company may be unable to remediate this material weakness in a timely manner, which could adversely impact the accuracy and timeliness of future reports and filings the company makes with the sec. further, additional errors may be identified as a result of the company's remediation efforts, or additional material weaknesses could be identified, any of which could result in additional corrections or adjustments, which may be material, or could impact the company's ability to report its results of operations and financial condition in an accurate and timely manner.
negative publicity may adversely affect the company and the market price of its common stock.
the company has become subject to negative publicity as a result of the investigation and related events. negative publicity and unfavorable perception of the company could have caused and could cause significant declines in the price of the item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
company's common stock. negative publicity could also impact the terms under which some customers and suppliers are willing to continue to do business with the company and could affect the company's financial performance or financial condition. in addition, negative publicity or unfavorable perceptions could make it more difficult for the company and its employees to operate, resulting in reduced morale, a potential increase in employee turnover, and difficulty attracting talent. as a result, any negative publicity could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and the market price of its common stock.
environmental, social, and governance risks the company may be impacted by carbon emission regulations in multiple regions throughout the globe.
the production of the company's products uses materials that can create emissions of certain regulated substances, including ghg emissions. such regulated emissions also include indirect emissions that occur in the value chain as the result of activities from assets now owned or controlled by the company. a number of jurisdictions where the company has operations have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce ghg emissions impacting climate change and rising sea levels including, but not limited to, the united states, canada, mexico, the european union and its member states, and china. in particular, the state of illinois enacted legislation intended to eliminate carbon emissions by 2050 which includes the mandate for zero emissions for private coal by 2030. it is difficult at this time to estimate the likelihood of passage, or predict the potential impact, of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements. potential consequences of new obligations could include increased energy, transportation, raw material, and administrative costs, and may require the company to make additional investments in its facilities and equipment.
operations could be impacted by the european union (eu) deforestation-free regulation as part of the eu green deal.
the eu deforestation-free regulation was approved late 2022 and is effective december 2024. the regulation affects seven specific commodities (i.e. cocoa, coffee, soy, palm oil, wood, rubber, and cattle) and their derivatives, as well as products made using these commodities (e.g. leather, cosmetics, chocolate, etc.). soybean is the primary commodity that could be impacted due to the volume of export into and used in production in the eu. failure to comply with the regulation could have serious consequences including civil, administrative, and criminal penalties, as well as negative impact on the company's reputation, business, cash flows, and results of operations.
food or feed risks derived from quality issues or off label product usage, occupational health and safety issues, and ineffective diversification programs may expose the company to certain regulatory or reputational risks.
the company is subject to federal, state, and local regulations on manufacturing or labeling; socially acceptable and sustainable farming practices; environmental, health, and safety regulations; and customer product liability claims. the liability which could result from certain of these risks may not always be covered by, or could exceed liability insurance related to product liability and food safety matters maintained by the company. risks to the company's reputation may exist due to potential negative publicity caused by product liability, food safety, occupational health and safety, workforce diversity, and environmental matters. the company is continuing to further diversity throughout the organization and deploy additional food safety and security procedures and controls to appropriately mitigate the risks of any adulteration of the company's products in the supply chain and finished products in production and distribution networks. in addition, the company conforms to management systems, such as the international organization for standardization or other recognized global standards.
the company's sustainable practices require oversight and robust monitoring requirements. the lack of unified reporting standards increases sustainability regulatory compliance and reporting requirements.
the company has programs and policies in place (e.g., corporate sustainability program; commitment to protecting forests, biodiversity and communities; environmental policy; strive 35 environmental goals; etc.) to expand responsible practices while reducing its environmental footprint and to help ensure compliance with laws and regulations. implementation of these programs and policies sometimes requires the acquisition of technology or capital investments at a cost to the company. starting in 2026, the corporate sustainability reporting directive (csrd) will require companies within the european union to report extensive climate-related information for the 2025 financial year. the reporting requirements of csrd, along with the growing multitude of corporate sustainability reporting standards, will result in increased compliance costs and could result in regulatory reporting risks as each standard will have its own required disclosures. failure to comply with laws and item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
regulations can have serious consequences, including civil, administrative, and criminal penalties as well as a negative impact on the company's reputation, business, cash flows, and results of operations.
financial risks limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect the company's operating results due to its capital-intensive nature.
the company requires significant capital, including continuing access to credit markets, to operate its current business and fund its growth strategy.  the company's working capital requirements, including margin requirements on open positions on futures exchanges, are directly affected by the price of agricultural commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly.  the company also requires substantial capital to maintain and upgrade its extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, ports, transportation assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances, regulations, and changing safety standards in the industry.  moreover, the expansion of the company's business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital.  access to credit markets and pricing of the company's capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies. strong credit ratings allow the company to access cost-competitive tier one commercial paper markets.  as of december 31, 2023, the three major credit rating agencies maintained the company's credit ratings at investment grade levels. subsequent to december 31, 2023, the company's ratings were placed "on credit watch" and "ratings under review" by two of the credit rating agencies. further watches, reviews or downgrades could occur. if the company is unable to maintain sufficiently high credit ratings, access to these commercial paper and other debt markets and costs of borrowings could be adversely affected.  if the company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, it could restrict the company's current operations and its growth opportunities. the company manages this risk with constant monitoring of credit/liquidity metrics, cash forecasting, and routine communications with credit rating agencies regarding risk management practices and diversifying sources of liquidity.
strategic and economic risks agricultural commodities, agricultural commodity products, and non-agricultural commodity raw materials the company procures, transports, stores, processes, and merchandises can be affected by various factors beyond the company's control.
the availability and prices of agricultural commodities are subject to wide fluctuations, including impacts from factors outside the company's control such as changes in market conditions, weather conditions, crop disease, plantings, government programs and policies, climate change, competition, and changes in global demand, which could adversely affect the company's operating results.  the company uses a global network of procurement, processing, and transportation assets, as well as robust communications between global commodity merchandiser teams, to continually assess price and basis opportunities. management-established limits (including a corporate wide value-at-risk metric), with robust internal reporting, help to manage risks in pursuit of driving performance. additionally, the company depends globally on agricultural producers to ensure an adequate supply of the agricultural commodities.
reduced supply of agricultural commodities and rising costs of non-agricultural commodity raw materials could adversely affect the company's profitability by increasing the cost of raw materials and/or limiting the company's ability to procure, transport, store, process, and merchandise agricultural commodities and products in an efficient manner. high and volatile commodity and non-agricultural commodity prices can place more pressures on short-term working capital funding. conversely, if supplies are abundant and crop production globally outpaces demand for more than one or two crop cycles, price volatility is somewhat diminished. this could result in reduced operating results due to the lack of supply chain dislocations and reduced market spread and basis opportunities.
the company has certain finished products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products, or in the case of ethanol, blended into gasoline to increase octane content. therefore, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other octane enhancers.  a significant decrease in the price of gasoline, diesel fuel, or other octane enhancers could result in a significant decrease in the selling price of the company's ethanol and biodiesel. the company uses derivative contracts as anticipatory hedges for both purchases of commodity inputs and sales of energy-based products in order to protect itself in the near term against these price trends and to protect and maximize processing margins.
item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
the company is subject to economic downturns and regional economic volatilities, which could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company conducts its business and has substantial assets located in many countries and geographic areas. while 63% of the company's long-lived assets are located in the united states, the company also has significant operations in both developed areas (such as western europe, canada, and brazil) and emerging market areas. one of the company's strategies is to expand the global reach of its core model, which may include expanding or developing its business in emerging market areas. both developed and emerging market areas are subject to impacts of economic downturns, including decreased demand for the company's products, and reduced availability of credit, or declining credit quality of the company's suppliers, customers, and other counterparties. in addition, emerging market areas could be subject to more volatile operating conditions including, but not limited to, logistics limitations or delays, labor-related challenges, epidemic outbreaks and economic recovery, limitations or regulations affecting trade flows, local currency concerns, and other economic and political instability.  political fiscal instability could generate intrusive regulations in emerging markets, potentially creating unanticipated assessments of taxes, fees, increased risks of corruption, etc. economic downturns and volatile market conditions could adversely affect the company's operating results and ability to execute its long-term business strategies, although the nature of many of the company's products (i.e. food and feed ingredients) is less sensitive to demand reductions in any economic downcycle. the company mitigates this risk in many ways, including country risk and exposure analysis, government relations and tax compliance activities, and robust ethics compliance training requirements.
the company has significant competition in the markets in which it operates and is subject to industry-specific risks which could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company faces significant competition in each of its businesses and has numerous competitors, who can be different depending upon each of the business segments in which it participates.  the company competes for the acquisition of inputs such as raw materials, transportation services, and other materials and supplies, as well as for workforce and talent. competition impacts the company's ability to generate and increase its gross profit as a result of the following factors:  pricing of the company's products is partly dependent upon industry processing capacity, which is impacted by competitor actions to bring idled capacity on-line, build new production capacity or execute aggressive consolidation; many of the products bought and sold by the company are global commodities or are derived from global commodities that are highly price competitive and, in many cases, subject to substitution; significant changes in exchange rates of foreign currencies versus the u.s. dollar, particularly the currencies of major crop growing countries, could also make goods and products of these countries more competitive than u.s. products; improved yields in different crop growing regions may reduce the reliance on origination territories in which the company has a significant presence; and continued merger and acquisition activities resulting in further consolidations could result in greater cost competitiveness and global scale of certain players in the industry, especially when acquirers are state-owned and/or backed by public funds and have profit and return objectives that may differ from publicly traded enterprises. to compete effectively, the company focuses on safely improving efficiency in its production and distribution operations, developing and maintaining appropriate market presence, maintaining a high level of product safety and quality, supporting socially responsible and sustainable practices, promoting environmental responsibility, and working with customers to develop new products and tailored solutions.
the company is subject to industry-specific risks which include, but are not limited to: launch of new products by other industries that can replace the functionalities of the company's production; shifting consumer preferences; and product safety and quality. in the case of the nutrition business, while maintaining efficient and cost-effective operations are important, the ability to drive innovation and develop quality nutritional and wellness solutions for human and animal needs are key factors to remain competitive in the nutrition market. certain of the company's merchandised commodities and finished products are used as ingredients in livestock and poultry feed.  the company is subject to risks associated with economic, product quality, feed safety or other factors which may adversely affect the livestock and poultry businesses, including the outbreak of disease in livestock and poultry, for example african swine fever, which could adversely affect demand for the company's products used as ingredients in feed.  in addition, adm's increased investment in the flavors and ingredients businesses exposes the company to increased risks related to rapidly changing consumer preferences and the impacts these changes could have on the success of certain of the company's customers. the company continually assesses opportunities and demand in various regions.
item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
the company's risk management strategies may not be effective.
the company has a chief risk officer who oversees the erm program and regularly reports to the board of directors on the myriad of risks facing the company and the company's strategies for mitigating those risks. the company's business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity cash prices and derivative prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity markets.  the company monitors position limits, counterparty risks, and liquidity levels, and engages in other strategies and controls to manage these risks. the company regularly reports its aggregate commodity risk exposures to the board of directors through the erm process. the company has an established commodity merchandising governance process that ensures proper position reporting and monitoring, limit approvals, and executes training on trade compliance, commodity regulatory reporting controls, and other policies. the company's risk monitoring efforts may not be successful at detecting a significant risk exposure.  if these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating the company's exposure to these fluctuations, it could adversely affect the company's operating results.
regulatory risks the company is subject to numerous laws, regulations, and mandates globally which could adversely affect the company's operating results and forward strategy.
the company does business globally, connecting crops and markets in over 190 countries, and is required to comply with laws and regulations administered by the united states federal government as well as state, local, and non-u.s. governmental authorities in numerous areas including: accounting and income taxes, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, global trade, trade sanctions, privacy and security, environmental, product safety, and handling and production of regulated substances.  the company frequently faces challenges from u.s. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due including questions regarding the timing, amount of deductions, the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. legislatures and taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which adm operates may enact changes to their tax rules. for example, the organization for economic cooperation and development (the "oecd"), the european union, and other countries (including countries in which the company operates) have committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed. in particular, the oecd's pillar two initiative introduces a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis and for which many jurisdictions have now committed to an effective enactment date starting january 1, 2024. adm will continually monitor potential and enacted tax changes, including the implementation of pillar two legislation, in the countries in which the company operates. the impact of these potential new rules, as well as any other changes in domestic and international tax rules and regulations, could have a material effect on adm's effective tax rate. any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or appropriately resolve these challenges could subject the company to administrative, civil, and criminal remedies, including fines, penalties, disgorgement, injunctions, and recalls of its products, and damage to its reputation.
regulations specifically affecting the agricultural sector and related industries; regulatory policies or matters that affect a variety of businesses; and taxation polices could adversely affect the company's operating results.
agricultural production and trade flows are subject to government policies, mandates, regulations, and trade agreements, including taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, foreign exchange rates, and import and export restrictions, including policies related to genetically modified organisms, traceability standards, sustainable practices, product safety and labeling, renewable fuels, and low carbon fuel mandates. these policies can influence the planting of certain crops; the location and size of crop production; whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded; the volume and types of imports and exports; the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials; the viability and volume of production of certain of the company's products; and industry profitability.  for example, changes in government policies or regulations of ethanol and biodiesel including, but not limited to, changes in the renewable fuel standard program under the energy independence and security act of 2007 in the united states, including the treatment of small refinery exemptions, can have an impact on the company's operating results.  international trade regulations can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. regulations of financial markets and instruments, including the dodd-frank act, consumer protection act, and the european market infrastructure regulation, create uncertainty and may lead to additional risks and costs, and could adversely affect the company's futures commission merchant business and its agricultural commodity risk management practices. future government policies may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of the company's products; adversely affect the company's ability to deploy adequate hedging programs;
item 1a.       risk factors (continued)
restrict the company's ability to do business in its existing and target markets; and adversely affect the company's revenues and operating results.
the company's strategy involves expanding the volume and diversity of crops it merchandises and processes, expanding the global reach of its core model, expanding its value-added product portfolio, and expanding the sustainable agriculture programs and partnerships it participates in. government policies including, but not limited to, antitrust and competition law, trade restrictions, food safety regulations, sustainability requirements, and traceability, can impact the company's ability to execute this strategy successfully.
technological risks information technology (it) systems are subject to interruptions or failures which may affect the company's ability to conduct its business.
the company's operations rely on certain key it systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data connectivity, information, and services for internal and external users.  these interactions include, but are not limited to: ordering and managing materials from suppliers; risk management activities; converting raw materials to finished products; inventory management; shipping products to customers; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting financial results of operations; human resources benefits and payroll management; and complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements. additionally, legacy technologies are used to support significant business functions. the instability of aging legacy systems could diminish performance and elevate the risk of system failures, reduce compatibility with modern software, and impact growth initiatives. the company is implementing a new enterprise resource planning (erp) system and integrating it with various third party service providers on a worldwide basis as part of its ongoing business transformation program, which will improve the efficiency and effectiveness of certain financial and business transaction processes and the underlying systems environment. the new erp system will mitigate the instability of aging legacy systems as the company transitions to the new 1adm platform.
the company's it systems, processes, and sites may suffer cyber security breaches, which could expose the company to operational and various regulatory risks.
increased it security and social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of the company's it systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the company's third party data. the company is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. compliance with and interpretation of various data privacy regulations continue to evolve and any violation could subject the company to legal claims, regulatory penalties, and damage to its reputation. the company has put in place security measures to endeavor to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber-based attacks, and has instituted control procedures for cybersecurity incident response plans for its critical systems. in addition, the company monitors this risk on an ongoing basis to detect and correct breaches, and reports metrics on the quality of the company's data security efforts and control environment to the highest level of management and to the board of directors. however, if the company's it systems are breached, damaged, or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, or cyber-based attacks, and the company's recovery efforts do not effectively mitigate the risks on a timely basis, the company may suffer significant interruptions in its ability to manage its operations, loss of valuable data, actual or threatened legal actions, and damage to its reputation, which may adversely impact the company's revenues, operating results, and financial condition.
generative ai advancements are progressing at an unprecedented pace, which brings risks that could subject the company to loss through various technical, legal, and opportunistic-related risks.
the pace of generative ai and the complex and dynamic regulatory environment subjects the company to a variety of risks including, but not limited to, data privacy and security vulnerabilities, unauthorized third-party usage of company data associated with training models, malicious use and advanced deceitful communication methods, missed innovation opportunities, and potential competitive disadvantages. guidance for awareness and responsible generative ai use to protect adm data from a legal and ethical standpoint, along with technological development for opportunistic uses, monitoring, and oversight are important components of the company's risk mitigation approach.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this md&a should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
intersegment sales background as previously disclosed, the company received a voluntary document request from the sec relating to intersegment sales between the company's nutrition reporting segment and the company's ag services and oilseeds and carbohydrate solutions reporting segments. in response, the company engaged external counsel, assisted by a forensic accounting firm, to conduct an internal investigation, overseen by the audit committee of the company's board of directors, which is separately advised by external counsel (the "investigation"). as previously disclosed on january 21, 2024, the company placed vikram luthar, chief financial officer and senior vice president, on administrative leave. as of the date of filing, mr. luthar is no longer with the company.
restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements as described in the explanatory note above and in part ii, item 8, note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has restated its consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 contained in this amendment. as a result, the previously reported financial information as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 in this item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, has been updated to reflect the relevant restatements. see part ii, item 8, note 1. summary of significant accounting policies and restatement of previously filed consolidated financial statements, note 17. segment and geographic information, and note 21. quarterly financial data (unaudited), in the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the restatements, including descriptions of the adjustments and the impacts on the consolidated financial statements.
the company also is correcting certain segment disclosure presentation errors. in this amendment, the company is revising its reconciliation and calculation of total segment operating profit. the revised reconciliation in note 17. segment and geographic information, and elsewhere in this amendment, presents a subtotal for total segment operating profit that is equal to the sum of the segment operating profit reported for each of the ag services and oilseeds, carbohydrate solutions and nutrition segments. amounts for other business and specified items, which previously were reflected in the calculation of total segment operating profit, are now reflected as reconciling items, similar to corporate, between total segment operating profit and earnings before income taxes.
in addition, because the investigation covers the period between january 2018 and september 2023, the company is providing below information with respect to the adjustments effected to operating profit for each of the company's reporting segments for each of the years ended december 31, 2018 through 2023.
impact of the restatement on ag services and oilseeds segment operating profit years ended december 31
segment operating profit, as originally reported            $4,066                     $4,386                     $2,775                     $2,105                     $1,935                     $2,020
adjustments                                                      1         15                         24                         1                          1                                           -
segment operating profit, as restated                       $4,067                     $4,401                     $2,799                     $2,106                     $1,936                     $2,020
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
impact of the restatement on carbohydrate solutions segment operating profit years ended december 31
segment operating profit, as originally reported            $1,345                     $1,360                     $1,283                       $717                       $644                       $945
adjustments                                                     30         53                         35                         15                         26                         27
segment operating profit, as restated                       $1,375                     $1,413                     $1,318                       $732                       $670                       $972
impact of the restatement on nutrition segment operating profit years ended december 31
segment operating profit, as originally reported              $458                       $736                       $691                       $574                       $418                       $339
adjustments                                                   (31)                       (68)                       (59)                       (16)                       (27)                       (27)
segment operating profit, as restated                         $427                       $668                       $632                       $558                       $391                       $312
as further described in note 17. segment and geographic information of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 herein, the company also corrected certain errors relating to the classification of certain intrasegment revenues. more information about such error correction is set forth in note 17. segment and geographic information.
material weakness in connection with the investigation, the company identified a material weakness in the company's internal control over financial reporting related to its accounting practices and procedures for segment disclosures. for more information, see "controls and procedures" in part ii, item 9a herein.
government investigations the company continues to cooperate with the sec. following the company's january 21, 2024 announcement of the investigation, the company received voluntary document requests from the department of justice (doj) focused primarily on the same subject matter, and the doj directed grand jury subpoenas to certain current and former company employees. the company is cooperating with the doj.
the foregoing is a summary of the investigation and related matters. the company could take new or different actions in addition to those taken to date if it determines those actions are appropriate.
•the opening in february 2023 of a new production facility in valencia, spain to help meet rising global demand for probiotics, postbiotics, and other products that support health and well-being;
•the announcement in march 2023 of the signing of a joint venture agreement with marel, a leading provider of advanced food processing solutions, to build an innovation center in the heart of the netherlands food valley at the wageningen campus, subject to regulatory approvals;
•the announcement in may 2023 of a strategic development agreement with air protein, a pioneer in air-based nutritional protein that requires no agriculture or farmland, decoupling protein production from traditional supply chain risks, to collaborate on research and development to advance new and novel proteins for nutrition;
•the announcement in june 2023 of the opening of a new customer creation and innovation center in manchester, england, serving as a united kingdom (uk) hub for food innovation and building upon adm's strong presence in the uk;
•the launch in july 2023 of a growth initiative of its re:generationstm regenerative agriculture program that will drive expansion to cover 2 million acres across 18 u.s. states and canada in 2023, and 4 million acres globally by 2025;
•the announcement in october 2023 of a strategic partnership with solugen, a rapidly scaling climate technology company that is reimagining the chemistry of everyday to scale a range of innovative, plant-based specialty chemicals and bio-based building block molecules in a new manufacturing facility in marshall, minnesota.;
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•the opening in november 2023 of green bison soy processing, a joint venture with marathon petroleum corp, a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in findlay, ohio;
•the announcement in november 2023 of an expansion of the company's global regenerative agriculture efforts with the launch of the brazil program that aims to promote and support sustainable agricultural production with a focus on soil health, biodiversity protection, improved soil fertility and resilience, and increased farm productivity;
•the announcement in november 2023 to expand crush capacity in brazil and the acquisition of a controlling stake in buckminster química, a macatuba, são paulo-based producer of refined glycerin; and
•the acquisition in december 2023 of d.c.a. finance b.v., a commodity derivative brokerage service provider.
sustainability is a key driver in adm's expanding portfolio of environmentally responsible, plant-derived products. consumers today increasingly expect their food and drink to come from sustainable ingredients, produced by companies that share their values, and adm is continually finding new ways to meet those needs through its portfolio actions.
the company's strategic transformation is focused on three strategic pillars: productivity, innovation, and culture.
the productivity pillar includes (1) partnering across various global teams including procurement, supply chain, operations, and commercial to optimize costs and improve production volumes across the enterprise; (2) continued roll out of the 1adm business transformation program and implementation of improved standardized business processes; and (3) increased use of technology, data analytics, and automation at production facilities, in offices, and with customers to improve efficiencies and customer service.
the innovation pillar includes expansions and investments in (1) improving the customer experience by leveraging producer relationships and enhancing the use of state-of-the-art digital technology; (2) sustainability-driven innovation, which encompasses the full range of products, solutions, capabilities, and commitments to serve customers' needs; and (3) growth initiatives, including organic growth with additional capacity to meet growing market demand and strategic objectives.
the culture pillar focuses on building capabilities and enabling collaboration, teamwork, and agility from process standardization and digitalization and adm's diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, which bring new perspectives and expertise to the company's decision-making.
adm plans to support the three pillars with investments in technology, which include expanding digital capabilities and investing further in research and development.
operating performance indicators the company's ag services and oilseeds operations are principally agricultural commodity-based businesses where changes in selling prices move in relationship to changes in prices of the commodity-based agricultural raw materials. as a result, changes in agricultural commodity prices have relatively equal impacts on both revenues and cost of products sold. therefore, changes in revenues of these businesses do not necessarily correspond to the changes in margins or gross profit. thus, gross margins per volume or metric ton are more meaningful than gross margins as percentage of revenues.
the company's carbohydrate solutions operations and nutrition businesses also utilize agricultural commodities (or products derived from agricultural commodities) as raw materials. however, in these operations, agricultural commodity market price changes do not necessarily correlate to changes in cost of products sold. therefore, changes in revenues of these businesses may correspond to changes in margins or gross profit. thus, gross margin rates are more meaningful as a performance indicator in these businesses.
the company has consolidated subsidiaries in more than 70 countries.  for the majority of the company's subsidiaries located outside the united states, the local currency is the functional currency except certain significant subsidiaries in switzerland where euro is the functional currency, and brazil and argentina where u.s. dollar is the functional currency. revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into u.s. dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the applicable periods. for the majority of the company's business activities in brazil and argentina, the functional currency is the u.s. dollar; however, certain transactions, including taxes, occur in local currency and require remeasurement to the functional currency. changes in revenues are expected to be correlated to changes in expenses reported by the company caused by fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currencies, primarily the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, and brazilian real, as compared to the u.s. dollar.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the company measures its performance using key financial metrics including net earnings, gross margins, constant currency revenue and operating profit, segment operating profit, total segment operating profit, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (ebitda), adjusted ebitda, manufacturing expenses, selling, general, and administrative expenses, return on invested capital, economic value added, and operating cash flows before working capital. the company's financial results can vary significantly due to changes in factors such as fluctuations in energy prices, weather conditions, crop plantings, government programs and policies, trade policies, changes in global demand, general global economic conditions, changes in standards of living, and global production of similar and competitive crops. due to these unpredictable factors, the company undertakes no responsibility for updating any forward-looking information contained within "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
operations in ukraine and russia adm employs approximately 630 people in ukraine and operates an oilseeds crushing plant, a grain port terminal, inland and river silos, and a trading office. the company's footprint in russia is limited to operations related to the production and transport of essential food commodities and ingredients.
while the company's ukraine and russian operations have historically represented 0.1% of consolidated revenues, the direct and indirect impacts of the ongoing military action could negatively affect adm's future operating results. the conflict in ukraine has created disruptions in global supply chains and has created dislocations of key agricultural commodities. the indirect impact of these dislocations on the company's operating results will be a function of a number of variables including supply and demand responses from the rest of the world as well as the length of the conflict and the condition of the agricultural industry and export infrastructure after the conflict ends. the black sea grain initiative, an agreement that allowed ukraine to export grain and other food products, expired on july 17, 2023. in september 2023, a new alternative shipping corridor in the black sea took effect with ukraine setting up temporary routes from ports in greater odessa. for more information, refer to part i, item 1a, "risk factors".
as of december 31, 2023, adm's assets in ukraine consisted primarily of current assets that were less than 1% of the company's total current assets and an immaterial amount of non-current assets. of the total current assets in ukraine, the majority were related to inventories that represented less than 2% of adm's total inventories.
market factors influencing operations or results in the twelve months ended december 31, 2023
the company is subject to a variety of market factors which affect the company's operating results. in ag services and oilseeds, supply has been impacted by market dislocations driven by geopolitical uncertainty, record brazil soybean production, and extreme drought conditions in argentina. inflationary pressures impacted the entire value chain. crushing was positively impacted by sustainable biofuel demand and protein consumption around the globe. in refined products and other, margins were driven by strong oil demand and elevated oil prices that were supported by biofuels demand, driven by favorable blend economics as historically low distillate fuel oil inventory drove diesel prices to all-time highs. mediocre growth in mandated renewable volume obligations for 2023 to 2025 drove further market volatility. in carbohydrate solutions, demand for starches and sweeteners remained solid with stronger overall margins due to specialty products pricing. lower gasoline prices in 2023 were supportive of higher domestic gasoline consumption and ethanol demand. strong ethanol exports helped balance overall supply and demand and were supported by discretionary blending at export markets. in nutrition, demand was softer in a few food and beverage product categories. human nutrition was impacted by inflation which drove lower demand especially in higher priced product categories in the food, beverage, and dietary supplement segment and impacted volumes in flavors, flavor systems, emulsifiers, bioactives, and alternative proteins. in animal nutrition, overall market remained weak with pressured farm gate prices in china and structurally decreasing european production. certain tailwinds, however, including softening raw material prices, predominantly in micro ingredients, and recovery in global poultry production helped offset the negative impacts. the amino acids market continued to be subdued with ample supply from china.
earnings before income taxes decreased 18% or $939 million, to $4.3 billion. total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) decreased 9% or $613 million, to $5.9 billion, due primarily to lower results in crushing, wilmar, nutrition, ag services, and starches and sweeteners, partially offset by higher results in refined products and other and vantage corn processors. lower margins partially offset by improved pricing and positive timing impacts, overall decline in volume, higher manufacturing costs, and unplanned downtime at decatur east decreased total segment operating profit (a non-gaap item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
measure). total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) excluded a net charge of $344 million consisting of asset impairment and restructuring charges and net settlement contingencies totaling $361 million and a gain on the sale of certain assets of $17 million. total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) excluded in the prior year a net charge of $100 million consisting of charges totaling $147 million related to the impairment of certain assets, restructuring, and contingencies/settlements, partially offset by gains on the sale of certain assets of $47 million. corporate results in the current year were a net charge of $1.6 billion and included a mark-to-market gain of $6 million on the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020, acquisition-related expenses of $7 million, and restructuring charges of $6 million. corporate results in the prior year were a net charge of $1.3 billion and included a mark-to-market gain of $9 million on the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020.
income taxes of $828 million decreased $40 million. the company's effective tax rate for 2023 was 19.3% compared to 16.6% for 2022. the change in the rate was due primarily to changes in the geographic mix of pretax earnings.
analysis of statements of earnings processed volumes by product for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows (in metric tons):
(in thousands)                2023   2022                          change oilseeds                34,899                   32,952        1,947
the company generally operates its production facilities, on an overall basis, at or near capacity, adjusting facilities individually, as needed, to react to the current margin environment and seasonal local supply and demand conditions. the overall increase in oilseeds processed volumes was primarily related to improved crush rates in the current year compared to decreased crush rates in the prior year resulting from the decline in global demand for rapeseed and the decline in canola crop due to the drought condition in north america. the overall decrease in corn processed volumes was related to unplanned downtime from plants in decatur, illinois and due to the earthquake in turkey and fire at the cedar rapids, iowa dry mill.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
(in millions)                                   2023                      2022                      change ag services and oilseeds ag services                              $47,420                    $53,181                  $(5,761)
total ag services and oilseeds            73,426                     79,563                   (6,137)
nutrition human nutrition                            3,634                      3,769                     (135)
other business                               424                        396                        28
revenues and cost of products sold in agricultural merchandising and processing businesses are significantly correlated to the underlying commodity prices and volumes. in periods of significant changes in market prices, the underlying performance of the company is better evaluated by looking at margins since both revenues and cost of products sold, particularly in ag services and oilseeds, generally have a relatively equal impact from market price changes which generally result in an insignificant impact to gross profit.
revenues decreased $7.6 billion to $93.9 billion due to lower sales prices ($10.3 billion), partially offset by higher sales volumes ($2.7 billion). lower sales prices of oils, soybeans, corn, biodiesel, and farming materials and lower sales volumes of corn, were partially offset by higher sales volumes of soybeans and biodiesel. ag services and oilseeds revenues decreased 8% to $73.4 billion due to lower sales prices ($10.1 billion), partially offset by higher sales volumes ($4.0 billion). carbohydrate solutions revenues decreased 8% to $12.9 billion due to lower sales prices ($0.6 billion) and lower sales volumes ($0.5 billion). nutrition revenues decreased 6% to $7.2 billion due to lower sales volumes ($0.8 billion), partially offset by higher sales prices ($0.4 billion).
cost of products sold decreased $7.6 billion to $86.4 billion due principally to lower average commodity costs partially offset by higher volumes and increased manufacturing expenses. manufacturing expenses increased $0.3 billion due to individually insignificant increases in various expense categories.
foreign currency translation impacts increased revenues by $0.1 billion and cost of goods sold by $0.1 billion with no impact to gross profit.
gross profit decreased $0.1 billion or 1%, to $7.5 billion due to lower results in crushing ($273 million), nutrition ($232 million) and ag services ($68 million), partially offset by higher results in refined products and other ($431 million) and carbohydrate solutions ($46 million). these factors are explained in the segment operating profit discussion on page 41.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 3% to $3.5 billion due principally to higher salaries and benefit costs, increased expenses for contracted outside labor, and higher professional and financing fees, partially offset by lower provisions for bad debt.
asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs increased $276 million to $342 million. charges in the current year consisted of $137 million of impairments related to goodwill in the animal nutrition reporting unit, $108 million of impairments related to property, plant, and equipment and an equity method investment, $64 million of impairments related to customer list and discontinued animal nutrition trademarks, and $27 million of restructuring, presented as specified items, and $6 million of restructuring in corporate. charges in the prior year consisted of $37 million of impairments related to certain long-lived assets and $28 million of restructuring, presented as specified items, and $1 million of restructuring in corporate.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased $281 million to $551 million due primarily to lower earnings from the company's investments in wilmar, skyland grain, llc, and hungrana ltd., partially offset by higher earnings from adm's investment in olenex.
interest and investment income increased $206 million to $499 million due primarily to higher interest rates, partially offset by revaluation losses of $76 million compared to revaluation gains of $37 million in the prior year.
interest expense increased $251 million to $647 million due primarily to increased short-term rates on customer deposit balances in adm investor services and on the company's commercial paper borrowing programs and increased interest expense from a new debt issuance at a higher rate. interest expense in the current year also included a $6 million mark-to-market gain adjustment related to the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020 compared to a $9 million mark-to-market gain adjustment in the prior year.
other income - net of $176 million decreased $182 million. current year income included net gains on disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business of $38 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $18 million, net foreign exchange gains of $85 million, and net other income. prior year income included a legal recovery of $110 million related to the 2020 and 2019 closure of the company's export facility in reserve, louisiana, net foreign exchange gains of $105 million, a $50 million payment from the usda biofuel producer recovery program, gains on disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business of $78 million, and the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $25 million, partially offset by net other expense.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) is reconciled to earnings before income taxes, the most directly comparable gaap measure, for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 as follows:
(in millions)                                                              2023                    2022                    change earnings before income taxes                                         $4,294                   $5,233                  $(939)
other business (earnings) loss                                        (375)                    (167)                   (208)
gains on sale of assets                                                (17)                     (47)                      30
impairment, restructuring, and net settlement contingencies             361                      147                     214
total segment operating profit                                       $5,869                   $6,482                  $(613)
segment operating profit ag services and oilseeds ag services                                                          $1,168                   $1,374                  $(206)
total ag services and oilseeds                                       $4,067                   $4,401                  $(334)
nutrition human nutrition                                                        $417                     $557                  $(140)
ag services and oilseeds segment operating profit decreased 8%. in ag services, significantly higher origination volumes and margins in south america due to a record brazilian soybean crop were mostly offset by decreased north american origination results from lower export demand and low water levels. destination marketing, global ocean freight, and transportation results decreased due to less favorable timing effects and higher freight rates. current year results also included a $48 million insurance settlement related to damages from hurricane ida compared to the prior year's $110 million legal recovery related to the 2019 and 2020 closure of the company's reserve, louisiana, export facility. in crushing, global crush margins were historically strong, yet lower than the prior year's record highs with the lower argentine soybean crop driving a tight soybean meal supply, partially offset by improved processed volumes. in emea, lower meal demand and exports were offset by the switch capacity in the region. in refined products and other, increasing global demand for fuel and food created elevated margins in north america and europe for refined oils and biodiesel. in north america, sales volumes were also higher supported by u.s. renewable volume obligations and margins for food oil in europe expanding year-over-year. additionally, net positive mark-to-market timing effects that are expected to reverse as contracts execute in future periods contributed to the results in the current year. equity earnings from wilmar were lower versus the prior year.
carbohydrate solutions segment operating profit decreased 3%. starches and sweeteners, including ethanol production from the wet mills, capitalized on a solid demand environment during the year. north america starches and sweeteners delivered volumes and margins similar to the prior year with higher margins led by specialty products. ethanol margins were solid as industry stocks moderated, though lower relative to the prior year. results were negatively impacted due to unplanned downtime at one of the corn germ plants. in emea, the business effectively managed margins to deliver improved results. the global wheat milling business posted higher margins driven by solid customer demand. vantage corn processors results
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
were higher as the business executed on a robust demand and margin environment for ethanol partially offset by the absence of the prior year's $50 million payment from the usda biofuel producer recovery program.
nutrition segment operating profit decreased 36%. human nutrition results were lower than the prior year, as the business continued to manage demand fulfillment challenges and destocking in certain categories. flavors results were lower than the prior year driven by softer sales, higher expenses, and $45 million of negative impacts primarily related to the deconsolidation and write-down of a joint venture. specialty ingredients results were lower year-over-year due to continued lower market demand for plant-based proteins in meat alternatives and unplanned downtime at decatur east. health and wellness results were lower than the prior year due to a revaluation loss of $19 million related to an investment in precision fermentation, partially offset by continued growth in the biotics category. animal nutrition results were lower compared to the prior year due to lower contribution from amino acids, pockets of softer global feed demand affecting volumes, and continued supply chain challenges and inventory losses in pet solutions.
other business operating profit increased 125%. higher interest rates drove improved earnings in adm investor services. captive insurance results improved on premiums from new programs, partially offset by increased claim settlements.
(in millions)                                     2023                      2022                    change interest expense - net                      $(431)                     $(333)                   $(98)
loss on sale of assets                           -                        (3)      3
corporate results were a net charge of $1.6 billion in the current year compared to $1.3 billion in the prior year. interest expense-net increased $98 million due primarily to increased short-term rates on the company's commercial paper borrowing programs and increased interest expense from a new debt issuance at a higher rate. unallocated corporate costs increased $118 million due primarily to higher financing, information technology, and centers of excellence costs, partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense accruals and higher corporate cost allocation. gain on debt conversion option was related to the mark-to-market adjustment of the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020. other income in the current year included the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $18 million and foreign exchange gains, partially offset by investment revaluation losses of $57 million and railroad maintenance expenses of $67 million. other income in the prior year included investment revaluation gains of $37 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $25 million, and foreign exchange gains, partially offset by railroad maintenance expenses of $67 million.
non-gaap financial measures the company uses adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share (eps), adjusted ebitda, and total segment operating profit, non-gaap financial measures as defined by the sec, to evaluate the company's financial performance. these performance measures are not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, gaap financial measures.
adjusted net earnings is defined as net earnings adjusted for the effects on net earnings of specified items. adjusted eps is defined as diluted eps adjusted for the effects on reported diluted eps of specified items. ebitda is defined as earnings before interest on borrowings, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. adjusted ebitda is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted for specified items. the company calculates adjusted ebitda by removing the impact of specified items and adding back the amounts of income tax expense, interest expense on borrowings, and depreciation and amortization to net earnings. total segment operating profit is defined as adm's consolidated earnings before income taxes, adjusted for other business, corporate, and specified items. the table on page 41 provides a reconciliation of total segment operating profit to earnings before income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in this amendment, the company is revising its reconciliation and calculation of total segment operating profit. the revised reconciliation in note 17. segment and geographic information, of the consolidated financial statements, presents a subtotal for total segment operating profit that is equal to the sum of the segment operating profit reported for each of the ag services and oilseeds, carbohydrate solutions and nutrition segments. amounts for other business and specified items, which previously were reflected in the calculation of total segment operating profit, are now reflected as reconciling items, similar to corporate, between total segment operating profit and earnings before income taxes.
management believes that adjusted net earnings, adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and total segment operating profit are useful measures of the company's performance because they provide investors additional information about the company's operations allowing better evaluation of underlying business performance and better period-to-period comparability. adjusted net earnings, adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and total segment operating profit are not intended to replace or be an alternative to net earnings, diluted eps, net earnings, and earnings before income taxes, respectively, the most directly comparable amounts reported under gaap.
the table below provides a reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted net earnings and diluted eps to adjusted eps for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
in millions         per share                in millions         per share average number of shares outstanding - diluted                                                                                                  542                                          563
adjustments:
gains on sale of assets (net of tax of $5 million in 2023 and $11 million in 2022) (1)                                                         (12)            (0.03)                       (33)            (0.06)
asset impairment, restructuring, and net settlement contingencies (net of tax of $57 million in 2023 and $33 million in 2022) (1)               310              0.57                        115              0.21
expenses related to acquisitions (net of tax of $1 million in 2023 and $1 million in 2022) (1)                                                    6              0.01                          1                 -
gain on debt conversion option (net of tax of $0) (1)                                                                                           (6)            (0.01)                        (9)            (0.02)
tax adjustments                                                                                                                                   4              0.01                          7              0.01
the tables below provide a reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
(in millions)                                                                    2023                    2022                    change net earnings                                                               $3,483                   $4,340                  $(857)
gains on sale of assets                                                      (17)                     (44)                      27
asset impairment, restructuring, and net settlement contingencies             367                      148                     219
railroad maintenance expense                                                   67                       67                       -
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
market factors influencing operations or results in the twelve months ended december 31, 2022
the company is subject to a variety of market factors which affect the company's operating results. in ag services and oilseeds, strong global demand continued due to a short crop in south america. the conflict in ukraine resulted in even tighter global stocks of commodities and created high volatility, which had a positive impact on north and south american origination prices. global trade results were driven by market disconnects, tight supply, strong destination marketing margins, and firm ocean freight rates. north american origination was negatively impacted by weather-related supply disruption and delayed planting and lower river levels. crushing margins continued to benefit from strong protein and renewable diesel demand and tight oilseeds stocks. in refined products and other, margins were driven by strong oil demand and tight supply with volatile energy markets driving up biodiesel margins. in carbohydrate solutions, demand for starches and sweeteners was solid with margins remaining steady despite higher input costs. ethanol demand for domestic gasoline was lower, in part due to high gas prices, while export demand remained strong, driven by favorable blending economics and government incentives. corn milling margins benefited from strong co-product results, as prices for oil and feed products rose in line with higher underlying corn prices. corn costs were volatile and higher, in part due to a relatively low projected corn stocks-to-use ratio and uncertainty caused by the conflict in ukraine. nutrition benefited from overall strong demand in various food, beverage, and dietary supplement categories. in human nutrition, demand for flavors, flavor systems, specialty proteins, bioactives, and fibers was strong, but higher energy, transportation, and raw material costs, and a strong u.s. dollar adversely impacted results. in animal nutrition, amino acids pricing and margins improved due to a tighter global supply environment but the devaluation of certain currencies, a bird flu outbreak, and weak demand in other product lines, with some premix and additives customers cutting products out of formulation due to increased ingredient, freight, and energy costs, adversely impacted results. increased competition in brazil also contributed to the weak demand in that country. adm's productivity initiatives are improving the company's capabilities to help mitigate the impact of inflation.
earnings before income taxes increased 58% or $1.9 billion, to $5.2 billion. total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) increased 37% or $1.7 billion, to $6.5 billion due primarily to higher results in most businesses except in vantage corn processors. total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) excluded a net charge of $100 million consisting of charges totaling $147 million related to the impairment of certain assets, restructuring, and contingencies/settlements, partially offset by gains on the sale of certain assets of $47 million. excluded from total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) in the prior year was a net charge of $136 million consisting of charges totaling $213 million related to the impairment of certain assets, restructuring, and settlement, partially offset by gains on the sale of ethanol and certain other assets of $77 million. corporate results in 2022 were a net charge of $1.3 billion and included a mark-to-market gain of $9 million on the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020. corporate results in 2021 were a net charge of $1.3 billion and included a pension settlement charge of $83 million, loss on debt extinguishment of $36 million, a mark-to-market gain of $19 million on the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020, acquisition-related expenses of $7 million, and a restructuring charge of $4 million.
income taxes of $868 million increased $290 million. the company's effective tax rate for 2022 was 16.6% compared to 17.4% for 2021. the change in the rate was due primarily to changes in the geographic mix of pretax earnings and the impact of discrete tax items.
analysis of statements of earnings processed volumes by product for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in metric tons):
(in thousands)                2022   2021                            change oilseeds                32,952                   35,125        (2,173)
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the company generally operates its production facilities, on an overall basis, at or near capacity, adjusting facilities individually, as needed, to react to the current margin environment and seasonal local supply and demand conditions. the overall decrease in oilseeds processed volumes was primarily related to decreased crush rates resulting from the decline in seeds availability, a temporarily idled facility in paraguay due to crop failure, weather-related challenges, and the indefinite shutdown of a ukraine facility since february 2022. the overall decrease in corn processed volumes was primarily related to reduced volumes of fuel alcohol due to market conditions, the sale of the peoria, illinois facility in november 2021, and logistical challenges surrounding railcar availability since the second quarter of 2022.
(in millions)                                     2022                    2021                    change ag services and oilseeds ag services                                $53,181                  $45,017                  $8,164
total ag services and oilseeds              79,563                   67,047                  12,516
nutrition human nutrition                              3,769                    3,189                     580
other business                                 396                      380                      16
revenues and cost of products sold in agricultural merchandising and processing businesses are significantly correlated to the underlying commodity prices and volumes. in periods of significant changes in market prices, the underlying performance of the company is better evaluated by looking at margins since both revenues and cost of products sold, particularly in ag services and oilseeds, generally have a relatively equal impact from market price changes which generally result in an insignificant impact to gross profit.
revenues increased $16.3 billion to $101.6 billion due to higher sales prices ($17.1 billion), partially offset by lower sales volumes ($0.8 billion). higher sales prices of corn, wheat, oil, soybean, and meal, and higher sales volumes of rice, flavors, biodiesel, and corn, were partially offset by lower sales prices of rice and flavors, and lower sales volumes of wheat and oil. ag services and oilseeds revenues increased 19% to $79.6 billion due to higher sales prices ($14.3 billion), partially offset by lower sales volumes ($1.8 billion). carbohydrate solutions revenues increased 26% to $14.0 billion due to higher sales prices ($2.6 billion) and higher sales volumes ($0.3 billion), despite the loss of usd-grade industrial alcohol volumes from the divested peoria, illinois facility. nutrition revenues increased 14% to $7.6 billion due to higher sales prices ($0.2 billion) and higher sales volumes ($0.7 billion).
cost of products sold increased $14.7 billion to $94.0 billion due principally to higher average commodity costs and higher manufacturing expenses. manufacturing expenses increased $0.9 billion to $7.0 billion due principally to higher energy costs, higher maintenance expenses, increased operating supplies, and higher salaries and benefit costs.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
foreign currency translation impacts decreased revenues by $2.6 billion and cost of products sold by $2.4 billion.
gross profit increased $1.6 billion or 26%, to $7.6 billion due to higher results in ag services and oilseeds ($1.3 billion), starches and sweeteners ($477 million), and nutrition ($149 million), partially offset by lower results in vantage corn processors ($352 million). these factors are explained in the segment operating profit discussion on page 47.
selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 12% to $3.4 billion due principally to provisions for bad debt, higher it and project-related expenses, higher salaries and benefit costs, increased travel expenses, and amortization of intangibles from new acquisitions.
asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs decreased $98 million to $66 million. charges in the current year consisted of $37 million of impairments related to certain long-lived assets and $28 million of restructuring charges, presented as specified items, and $1 million of restructuring charges in corporate. charges in the prior year consisted primarily of $125 million of impairments related to certain long-lived assets, goodwill, and other intangible assets and $35 million of restructuring charges, presented as specified items, and $4 million of restructuring charges in corporate.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased $237 million to $832 million due to higher earnings from the company's investments in wilmar and olenex.
loss on debt extinguishment in the prior year of $36 million was related to the early redemption of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750% notes due in march 2025.
interest and investment income increased $197 million to $293 million due primarily to higher interest income, partially offset by lower revaluation gains of $37 million compared to $49 million in the prior period.
interest expense increased $131 million to $396 million due to higher long-term debt balances and increased short-term rates on the company's u.s. and european commercial paper borrowing programs. interest expense in 2022 also included a $9 million mark-to-market gain adjustment related to the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020 compared to a $19 million mark-to-market gain adjustment in 2021.
other income - net of $358 million increased $264 million. income in 2022 included a legal recovery related to the 2019 and 2020 closure of the company's reserve, louisiana, export facility of $110 million, net foreign exchange gains of $105 million, a $50 million one-time payment from the usda biofuel producer recovery program, gains on disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business, and the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $25 million, partially offset by other net expense. income in 2021 included gains on the sale of ethanol and certain other assets and disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business, net foreign exchange gains of $24 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $33 million, and other income, partially offset by a non-cash pension settlement charge of $83 million related to the purchase of group annuity contracts that irrevocably transferred the future benefit obligations and annuity administration for certain salaried and hourly retirees and terminated vested participants under the company's adm retirement plan and adm pension plan for hourly-wage employees.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure) is reconciled to earnings before income taxes, the most directly comparable gaap measure, for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 as follows:
(in millions)                                               2022                    2021                    change earnings before income taxes                          $5,233                   $3,313                  $1,920
other business (earnings) loss                         (167)                     (25)                   (142)
gain on sales of assets and businesses                  (47)                     (77)                      30
impairment, restructuring, and exit charges              147                      213                    (66)
total segment operating profit                        $6,482                   $4,749                  $1,733
segment operating profit ag services and oilseeds ag services                                           $1,374                     $770                    $604
total ag services and oilseeds                        $4,401                   $2,799                  $1,602
nutrition human nutrition                                         $557                     $520                     $37
ag services and oilseeds segment operating profit increased 57%. ag services results were significantly higher versus 2021. global trade results were higher, driven by strong performances in destination marketing and global ocean freight. north american origination volumes were lower but margins were higher year-over-year. south america results were higher, driven by better origination margins on good demand for grain. crushing was higher year-over-year driven by robust protein and renewable diesel demand. positive net timing effects in 2022 versus negative timing effects in 2021 helped drive higher year-over-year results. refined products and other results were higher than in 2021, driven by higher margins due to strong oils demand. biodiesel margins also benefited from direct sales compared to the historical auction sales. equity earnings from wilmar were higher versus 2021.
carbohydrate solutions segment operating profit increased 7%. starches and sweeteners, including ethanol production from the wet mills, delivered higher results versus 2021, driven by solid margins across sweeteners and starches, strong contributions from corn co-products, and effective risk management, partially offset by weaker ethanol margins. sales volumes for starches and sweeteners continued their recovery and the biosolutions platform continued to deliver revenue growth as demand for plant-based products expanded into more diverse applications. vantage corn processors results were lower versus 2021 as ethanol margins decreased from the 2021 strong positioning gains and industrial alcohol results from the now-sold peoria, illinois facility, partially offset by the $50 million one-time payment from the usda biofuel producer recovery program.
nutrition segment operating profit increased 6%. human nutrition delivered higher year-over-year results. flavors results were lower driven by demand fulfillment challenges, the impact of the strong u.s. dollar in emea, softer demand in asia item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
pacific, and higher costs in north america. strong sales growth in alternative proteins, including contribution from the sojaprotein acquisition, and good demand for texturants offset some higher operating costs to help deliver better year-over-year results in specialty ingredients. health and wellness was also higher year-over-year, powered by probiotics, including the contribution from the november 2021 deerland probiotics and enzymes acquisition, and robust demand for fiber and vitamin e. animal nutrition profits were comparable to 2021.
other business operating profit increased 568%. higher short-term interest rates drove improved earnings in adm investor services and improved underwriting performance resulted in better captive insurance results.
(in millions)                                           2022                      2021                  change interest expense - net                            $(333)                     $(277)                  (56)
loss on sale of assets                               (3)                          -                   (3)
corporate results were a net charge of $1.3 billion in 2022 compared to $1.3 billion in 2021. interest expense-net increased $56 million due primarily to higher long-term debt balances and increased average rates on the company's u.s. and european commercial paper borrowing programs. unallocated corporate costs increased $69 million due primarily to higher it and project-related costs and higher costs in the company's centers of excellence, partially offset by lower incentive compensation accruals. loss on debt extinguishment in 2021 related to the early redemption of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750% notes due in march 2025. gain on debt conversion option was related to the mark-to-market adjustment of the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in august 2020. restructuring and settlement charges in 2021 included a non-cash pension settlement charge of $83 million related to the purchase of group annuity contracts that irrevocably transferred the future benefit obligations and annuity administration for certain salaried and hourly retirees and terminated vested participants under the company's adm retirement plan and adm pension plan for hourly-wage employees to independent third parties, and individually insignificant restructuring charges. other income in 2022 included investment revaluation gains of $37 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $25 million, and foreign exchange gains from hedge activity, partially offset by railroad maintenance expenses of $67 million. other income in 2021 included investment revaluation gains of $49 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of $16 million, and foreign exchange gains from hedge activity, partially offset by railroad maintenance expenses of $67 million.
non-gaap financial measures the company uses adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share (eps), adjusted ebitda, and total segment operating profit, non-gaap financial measures as defined by the sec, to evaluate the company's financial performance. these performance measures are not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, gaap financial measures.
adjusted net earnings is defined as net earnings adjusted for the effects on net earnings of specified items. adjusted eps is defined as diluted eps adjusted for the effects on reported diluted eps of specified items. ebitda is defined as earnings before interest on borrowings, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. adjusted ebitda is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted for specified items. the company calculates adjusted ebitda by removing the impact of specified items and adding back the amounts of income tax expense, interest expense on borrowings, and depreciation and amortization to net earnings. total segment operating profit is defined as adm's consolidated earnings before income taxes, adjusted for other business, corporate, and specified items. the table on page 47 provides a reconciliation of total segment operating profit to earnings before income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in this amendment, the company is revising its reconciliation and calculation of total segment operating profit. the revised reconciliation in note 17. segment and geographic information, of the consolidated financial statements, and elsewhere in this amendment, presents a subtotal for total segment operating profit that is equal to the sum of the segment operating profit reported for ag services and oilseeds, carbohydrate solutions and nutrition segments. amounts for other business and specified items, which previously were reflected in the calculation of total segment operating profit, are now reflected as reconciling items, similar to corporate, between total segment operating profit and earnings before income taxes.
management believes that adjusted net earnings, adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and total segment operating profit are useful measures of the company's performance because they provide investors additional information about the company's operations allowing better evaluation of underlying business performance and better period-to-period comparability. adjusted net earnings, adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and total segment operating profit are not intended to replace or be an alternative to net earnings, diluted eps, net earnings, and earnings before income taxes, respectively, the most directly comparable amounts reported under gaap.
the table below provides a reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted net earnings and diluted eps to adjusted eps for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
in millions         per share                in millions         per share average number of shares outstanding - diluted                                                                                      563                                          566
adjustments:
gains on sale of assets (net of tax of $11 million in 2022 and $20 million in 2021) (1)                                            (33)            (0.06)                       (57)             (0.1)
asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges (net of tax of $33 million in 2022 and $63 million in 2021) (1)             115              0.21                        237              0.42
expenses related to acquisitions (net of tax of $1 million in 2022 and $2 million in 2021) (1)                                        1                 -                          5              0.01
loss on debt extinguishment (net of tax of $9 million) (1)                                                                            -                 -                         27              0.05
gain on debt conversion (net of tax of $0) (1)                                                                                      (9)            (0.02)                       (19)            (0.03)
tax adjustments                                                                                                                       7              0.01                         33              0.05
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the tables below provide a reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda by segment for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
(in millions)                                                           2022                    2021                    change net earnings                                                      $4,340                   $2,709                  $1,631
gains on sale of assets                                             (44)                     (77)                      33
asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges              148                      300                   (152)
railroad maintenance expense                                          67                       67                       -
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources a company objective is to have sufficient liquidity, balance sheet strength, and financial flexibility to fund the operating and capital requirements of a capital intensive agricultural commodity-based business.  the company depends on access to credit markets, which can be impacted by its credit rating and factors outside of adm's control, to fund its working capital needs and capital expenditures. the primary source of funds to finance adm's operations, capital expenditures, and advancement of its growth strategy is cash generated by operations and lines of credit, including a commercial paper borrowing facility and accounts receivable securitization programs.  in addition, the company believes it has access to funds from public and private equity and debt capital markets in both u.s. and international markets.
cash provided by operating activities was $4.5 billion in 2023 compared to $3.5 billion in 2022. working capital changes decreased cash by $0.3 billion in the current year compared to a decrease of $1.5 billion in the prior year. segregated investments increased $0.2 billion driven by higher interest rates. trade receivables decreased $0.7 billion due to lower revenues. inventories decreased $2.9 billion due to lower inventory prices and volumes. trade payables decreased $1.5 billion due to lower payables related to grain and other inventory purchases. payables to brokerage customers decreased $2.1 billion due to decreased trading activity in the company's futures commission and brokerage business.
cash used in investing activities was $1.5 billion this year compared to $1.4 billion last year. capital expenditures in the current year were $1.5 billion compared to $1.3 billion in the prior year. proceeds from sales of assets and businesses were $60 million in the current year compared to $131 million in the prior year. there were no additional cost method investments in the current year compared to $0.2 billion in the prior year.
cash used in financing activities was $4.6 billion this year compared to $2.5 billion last year. long-term debt borrowings in the current year of $0.5 billion consisted of the $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.500% notes due 2033. long-term debt borrowings in the prior year of $0.8 billion consisted of the $750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900% notes due 2032. proceeds from the borrowings in the current year were used for general corporate purposes. proceeds from the borrowings in the prior year were used to finance investments and expenditures in eligible green projects that contribute to environmental objectives and/or eligible social projects that aim to address or mitigate a specific social issue and/or seek to achieve positive social outcomes. long-term debt payments in the current year of $1.0 billion consisted of the €600 million aggregate principal amount of 1.750% notes due 2023 and $300 million aggregate principal amount of zero coupon exchangeable bonds due 2023. long-term debt payments in the prior year of $0.5 billion consisted of the €0.5 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2022 issued in a private placement on march 25, 2021. net payments on short-term credit arrangements of $0.4 billion in the current year was comparable to $0.4 billion to the prior year. share repurchases in the current year were $2.7 billion compared to $1.5 billion in the prior year. dividends paid in the current year were $1.0 billion compared to $0.9 billion in the prior year.
at december 31, 2023, adm had $1.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents and a current ratio, defined as current assets divided by current liabilities, of 1.6 to 1.  included in working capital is $7.0 billion of readily marketable commodity inventories.  at december 31, 2023, the company's capital resources included shareholders' equity of $24.1 billion and lines of credit, including the accounts receivable securitization programs described below, totaling $13.2 billion, of which $11.5 billion was unused.  adm's ratio of long-term debt to total capital (the sum of long-term debt of $8.3 billion and shareholders' equity of $24.1 billion in 2023 and the sum of long-term debt of $7.7 billion and shareholders' equity of $24.3 billion in 2022) was 25% and 24% at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the company uses this ratio as a measure of adm's long-term indebtedness and an indicator of financial flexibility.  the company's ratio of net debt (the sum of short-term debt of $0.1 billion, current maturities of long-term debt of $1 million, and long-term debt of $8.3 billion less the sum of cash and cash equivalents of $1.4 billion and short-term marketable securities of none in 2023 and the sum of short-term debt of $0.5 billion, current maturities of long-term debt of $0.9 billion, and long-term debt of $7.7 billion less the sum of cash and cash equivalents of $1.0 billion and short-term marketable securities of none in 2022) to capital (the sum of net debt of $7.0 billion and shareholders' equity of $24.1 billion in 2023 and the sum of net debt of $8.1 billion and shareholders' equity of $24.3 billion in 2022) was 22% and 25% at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  of the company's total lines of credit, $5.0 billion supported the commercial paper borrowing programs, against which there was $5 million commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2023.
as of december 31, 2023, the company had $1.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $0.5 billion of which is cash held by foreign subsidiaries whose undistributed earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. based on the company's historical item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ability to generate sufficient cash flows from its u.s. operations and unused and available u.s. credit capacity of $6.8 billion, the company has asserted these funds are indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s.
the company has accounts receivable securitization programs (the "programs") with certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers. the programs provide the company with up to $3.0 billion in funding against accounts receivable transferred into the programs and expand the company's access to liquidity through efficient use of its balance sheet assets (see note 19 in item 8 for more information and disclosures on the programs). as of december 31, 2023, the company utilized $1.6 billion of its facility under the programs.
on november 5, 2014, the company's board of directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the company to repurchase up to 100,000,000 shares of the company's common stock during the period commencing january 1, 2015 and ending december 31, 2019. on august 7, 2019, the company's board of directors approved the extension of the stock repurchase program through december 31, 2024 and the repurchase of up to an additional 100,000,000 shares under the extended program. the company has acquired approximately 148.0 million shares under this program and its extension as of december 31, 2023.
as of december 31, 2023, the company has total available liquidity of $12.9 billion comprised of cash and cash equivalents and unused lines of credit.
in 2024, the company expects capital expenditures of $1.3 billion and additional cash outlays of approximately $1.0 billion in dividends and up to $2.3 billion in share repurchases, subject to other strategic uses of capital and the evolution of operating cash flows and the working capital position throughout the year.
the company's purchase obligations as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 were $14.0 billion and $15.8 billion, respectively. the decrease is primarily related to a decrease in obligations to purchase agricultural commodity inventories, partially offset by an increase in energy commitments. as of december 31, 2023, the company expects to make payments related to purchase obligations of $13.4 billion within the next twelve months. the company's other material cash requirements within the next 12 months include current maturities of long-term debt of $1 million, interest payments of $0.4 billion, operating lease payments of $0.3 billion, transition tax liability of $49 million, and pension and other postretirement plan contributions of $114 million. the company expects to make payments related to purchase obligations and other material cash requirements beyond the next twelve months of $16.8 billion.
the company's credit facilities and certain debentures require the company to comply with specified financial and non-financial covenants including maintenance of minimum tangible net worth as well as limitations related to incurring liens, secured debt, and certain other financing arrangements.  the company was in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2023.
as of december 31, 2023, the three major credit rating agencies maintained the company's credit ratings at investment grade levels. subsequent to december 31, 2023, the company's ratings were placed "on credit watch" and "ratings under review" by two of the credit rating agencies.
critical accounting policies and estimates the process of preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the carrying values of the company's assets and liabilities as well as the recognition of revenues and expenses.  these estimates and judgments are based on the company's historical experience and management's knowledge and understanding of current facts and circumstances.  certain of the company's accounting policies and estimates are considered critical, as these policies and estimates are important to the depiction of the company's financial statements and require significant or complex judgment by management.  critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with gaap which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on adm's financial condition and results of operations. management has discussed with the company's audit committee the development, selection, disclosure, and application of these critical accounting policies and estimates.  following are the accounting policies and estimates management considers critical to the company's financial statements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
fair value measurements - inventories and commodity derivatives description: certain of the company's inventory, inventory-related payables, and commodity derivative assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2023 are valued at estimated fair values, including $7.0 billion of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, $1.4 billion of commodity derivative assets, $1.0 billion of commodity derivative liabilities, and $1.3 billion of inventory-related payables.  commodity derivative assets and liabilities include forward purchase and sales contracts for agricultural commodities. merchandisable agricultural commodities are freely traded, have quoted market prices, and may be sold without significant additional processing.
judgments and uncertainties: management estimates fair value for its commodity-related assets and liabilities based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets.  the company's inventory, inventory-related payables, and commodity derivative fair value measurements are mainly based on observable market quotations without significant adjustments and are therefore reported as level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.  level 3 fair value measurements of approximately $3.4 billion of assets and $0.6 billion of liabilities represent fair value estimates where unobservable price components represent 10% or more of the total fair value price.  for more information concerning amounts reported as level 3, see note 4 in item 8.
sensitivity of estimate to change: changes in the market values of these inventories and commodity contracts are recognized in the statement of earnings as a component of cost of products sold.  if management used different methods or factors to estimate market value, amounts reported could differ materially.  additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods could differ materially.
derivatives - designated hedging activities description: the company, from time to time, uses derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the purchase or sales price of anticipated volumes of commodities to be purchased and processed in a future month. see note 5 in item 8 for additional information.
judgments and uncertainties: assuming normal market conditions, the change in the market value of such derivative contracts has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item.
sensitivity of estimate to change: gains and losses arising from open and closed hedging transactions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable income taxes, and recognized as a component of cost of products sold and revenues in the statement of earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  if it is determined that the derivative instruments used are no longer effective at offsetting changes in the price of the hedged item, then the changes in the market value of these exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded and over-the-counter (otc) option contracts would be recorded immediately in the statement of earnings as a component of revenues and/or cost of products sold.
income taxes description: the company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the applicable accounting standards which prescribe a minimum threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the consolidated financial statements. deferred taxes are recognized for the estimated taxes ultimately payable or recoverable based on enacted tax law. changes in enacted tax rates are reflected in the tax provision as they occur.
judgments and uncertainties: adm calculates its provision for income taxes based on the statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to the company in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. the company uses judgment in evaluating the company's tax positions and determining its annual tax provision.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity of estimate to change: while adm considers all of its tax positions fully supportable, the company faces challenges from u.s. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. the company recognizes a tax position in its consolidated financial statements when it is determined to be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on its technical merits. the position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. for example, the company has received tax assessments from tax authorities in the netherlands challenging income tax positions taken by subsidiaries of the company. the company evaluated its tax positions for these matters and concluded, based in part upon advice from legal counsel, that it was appropriate to recognize the tax benefits of these positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits (see note 13 in item 8 for additional information).
business combinations description: the company's acquisitions are accounted for in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) topic 805, business combinations, as amended. the consideration transferred is allocated to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date with the residual allocated to goodwill. the company accounts for any redeemable noncontrolling interest in temporary equity - redeemable noncontrolling interest at redemption value with periodic changes recorded in retained earnings.
judgments and uncertainties: fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations require management to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. management makes estimates of fair values based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. these estimates are based upon historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. the estimated fair values related to intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, trademarks, and developed technology which are determined primarily using discounted cash flow models. estimates in the discounted cash flow models include, but are not limited to, certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results (e.g. revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates, and royalty rates). these significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.
sensitivity of estimate to change: during the measurement period, which may take up to one year from the acquisition date, adjustments due to changes in the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded as adjustments to the consideration transferred and related allocations. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or the final determination of the values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any such adjustments are charged to the consolidated statements of earnings.
goodwill description: goodwill is subject to annual impairment tests.  the company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on october 1 or whenever there are indicators that the carrying value may not be fully recoverable.  the company has seven reporting units with goodwill identified at one level below the operating segment using the criteria in asc 350, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350).
judgments and uncertainties: the company adopted the provisions of topic 350, which permits, but does not require, a company to qualitatively assess indicators of a reporting unit's fair value. if after completing the qualitative assessment, the company believes it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired, an estimate of fair value is prepared by the company. critical estimates in the determination of the fair value, when using a discounted cash flow analysis, of each reporting unit include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows, revenue growth, ebitda margins, and discount rates. these calculations contain uncertainties as they require management to make assumptions including, but not limited to, future expected cash flows of the reporting units utilizing appropriate revenue growth, ebitda margins, and discount rate. a decline in the actual cash flows of the reporting units in future periods, as compared to the projected cash flows used in the discounted cash flow analysis, could result in the carrying value of the reporting units exceeding their respective fair values. further, a change in the discount rate, as a result of a change in economic conditions or otherwise, could result in the carrying values of the reporting units exceeding their respective fair values.
sensitivity of estimate to change: during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company evaluated goodwill for impairment using a qualitative assessment in five reporting units and using a quantitative assessment in two reporting units.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $137 million related to the animal nutrition reporting unit that was evaluated for impairment using a quantitative assessment during the year ended december 31, 2023. the company utilized a third-party valuation specialist to assist management in determining the fair value of the animal nutrition reporting unit. the fair value of the animal nutrition reporting unit was estimated based on a combination of discounted cash flows (income approach) and the use of pricing multiples derived from an analysis of comparable public companies multiplied against historical and or anticipated financial metrics (market approach). as a result of this impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2023, the company determined the fair value of the animal nutrition reporting unit was below its carrying value. the decline in the fair value of the animal nutrition reporting unit was primarily driven by a higher discount rate due to changes in the underlying business performance and industry conditions as well as the macroeconomic environment, causing a decline in the projected cash flows. during the first three quarters of 2023, animal nutrition's business performance and industry conditions gradually declined despite management's ongoing mitigation and efficiency improvement actions. given animal nutrition's significant excess in fair value over carrying value in prior years and the ongoing mitigation actions, the company believed animal nutrition's fair value was more likely than not greater than its carrying value as of september 30, 2023, and therefore did not conduct a quantitative evaluation of the reporting unit prior to the annual impairment testing on october 1, 2023. however, as these conditions persisted in the fourth quarter of 2023, the company was no longer able to conclude animal nutrition's fair value more likely than not exceeded carrying value and proceeded to perform the quantitative fair value estimate as described above. following the recording of the impairment charge, the remaining carrying value of goodwill in the animal nutrition reporting unit as of december 31, 2023 was $0.9 billion.
the company performed a sensitivity analysis for the significant assumptions used in the goodwill impairment testing analysis for the animal nutrition reporting unit. the sensitivities were calculated in isolation using the income approach and keeping all other assumptions constant. the sensitivities for revenue growth and ebitda margins do not consider the offsetting impact of a lower discount rate assumption to reflect the reduced risk in estimated future cash flow growth used under the income approach or the related impacts on pricing multiples used under the market approach.
•a hypothetical increase to the discount rate of approximately 25 basis points would result in additional goodwill impairment of approximately $65 million;
•a hypothetical decrease in the expected annual revenue growth rate over the entire forecast period of approximately 100 basis points would result in additional goodwill impairment of approximately $60 million; and
•a hypothetical decrease in the expected ebitda margins in each year over the entire forecast period of approximately 15 basis points would result in additional goodwill impairment of approximately $60 million.
the estimated fair value of the other reporting unit evaluated for impairment using a quantitative assessment during the year ended december 31, 2023 was in excess of 198% of its carrying value, and therefore no impairment was recorded for that reporting unit. there were goodwill impairment charges of $6 million recorded during the year ended december 31, 2021 and none during the year ended december 31, 2022. if management used different estimates and assumptions in its impairment tests, then impairment charges recorded could differ materially.
investments in affiliates description: the company applies the equity method of accounting for investments over which the company has the ability to exercise significant influence, including its 22.5% investment in wilmar. these investments in affiliates are carried at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings and are adjusted, where appropriate, for amortizable basis differences between the investment balance and the underlying net assets of the investee.
judgments and uncertainties: generally, the minimum ownership threshold for asserting significant influence is 20% ownership of the investee. however, the company considers all relevant factors in determining its ability to assert significant influence including but not limited to, ownership percentage, board membership, customer and vendor relationships, and other arrangements. the company also periodically compares the book value of its investment in wilmar against its market value as determined through quoted market prices, and evaluates any potential other than temporary impairment based on the near-term prospects of wilmar in relation to the severity and duration of the decline in fair value and the company's intent and ability to retain its investment in wilmar.
sensitivity of estimate to change: if management used a different accounting method for these investments, then the amount of earnings from affiliates the company recognizes may differ. if management used different assumptions in the evaluation of its wilmar investment, then the amount of any impairment charges could differ materially.