•our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency.
we believe that the separation of our life and retirement business allows us and corebridge to pursue distinct strategies appropriate to our respective markets. however, there can be no assurance that we will realize any or all of the expected strategic, financial, operational or other benefits of the separation. our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely impacted if we are unable to realize the anticipated expense reductions and organizational improvements of the separation and any related restructuring activities, or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. additionally, we continue to have a significant equity ownership position in corebridge, and changes in the market price of corebridge common stock may have a material impact on us.
our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency.
we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result from our focus on our operating model and associated initiatives. actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement and execute these initiatives as planned. our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. the successful implementation of these initiatives may continue to require us to effect business rationalizations, technology enhancements, business process outsourcing, workforce reductions, modifications to our operating model and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain and attract key and other highly skilled employees. due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees, we may be unable to retain or hire such employees. in addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes. losing any of our key employees also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacements. our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in retaining and attracting key employees.
item 7 | management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and members of aig management may from time to time make and discuss, statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward‐looking statements are intended to provide management's current expectations or plans for aig's future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid and accurate. forward-looking statements are often preceded by, followed by or include words such as "will," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "expectations," "intend," "plan," "strategy," "prospects," "project," "anticipate," "should," "guidance," "outlook," "confident," "focused on achieving," "view," "target," "goal," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. these statements may include, among other things, projections, goals and assumptions that relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expense reduction efforts, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, such as the separation of the life and retirement business from aig, the effect of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made, and macroeconomic and/or geopolitical events, anticipated dispositions, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, the successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results, and other statements that are not historical facts.