company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, bd medical ("medical"), bd life sciences ("life sciences") and bd interventional ("interventional").
•driving sustainability initiatives within our organizational units to support enterprise-wide collaboration towards our sustainability strategy.
we continue to invest in research and development, strategic tuck-in acquisitions, geographic expansion, and new product programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness.
results of operations medical segment the following summarizes medical revenues by organizational unit:
life sciences segment the following summarizes life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
interventional segment the following summarizes interventional revenues by organizational unit:
our agreements with customers within certain organizational units including medication management solutions, integrated diagnostic solutions and biosciences, contain multiple performance obligations including both products and certain services noted above. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. the transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling price is the amount at which we would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. we generally estimate standalone selling prices using list prices and a consideration of typical discounts offered to customers. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.