item 1a. risk factors.
you should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. the trading price of our common stock could decline, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. you should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company. additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our company.
risks relating to our business failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our profitability depends to a significant degree on our ability to accurately estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through, among other things, our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. for example, our government-sponsored health programs revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. if our actual medical expenses exceed our estimates, our health benefits ratio (hbr), or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenues, would increase and our profits would decline. because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our hbr can create significant changes in our financial results. changes in healthcare regulations and practices, the level of utilization of healthcare services, out-of-network utilization and pricing, medical claim submission patterns, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, including new high-cost specialty drugs, unexpected events, such as natural disasters, the effects of climate change, acts of war or aggression, geopolitical instability, major epidemics, pandemics and their resurgence, or newly emergent diseases, new medical technologies, increases in provider fraud and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as interest rates, inflation and unemployment levels, are generally beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits. also, member behavior could continue to be influenced by the uncertainty surrounding the aca, including potential further legal challenges to the aca or potential changes in premium subsidies.
our medical expenses include claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported (ibnr), and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process that we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. as more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the changes are identified. given the extensive judgment and uncertainties inherent in such estimates, there can be no assurance that our medical claims liability estimate will be accurate, and any adjustments to the estimate may unfavorably impact our results of operations and financial condition and may be material.
assumptions and estimates are utilized in establishing premium deficiency reserves. for example, we have established a premium deficiency reserve in connection with the 2024 medicare advantage business as of december 31, 2023. if our assumptions are inaccurate, we may be required to increase our premium deficiency reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
additionally, when we commence operations in a new state or region or launch a new product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. for a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on government-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. the addition of new categories of eligible individuals, as well as evolving health insurance marketplace plans, may pose difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability.
from time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number of our members. if it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows or earnings could be negatively impacted.
table of contents our medicare programs are subject to a variety of unique risks that could adversely impact our financial results.
if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare participants; if our medicare operations are subject to negative outcomes from program audits, sanctions, penalties or other actions; if we do not submit adequate bids in our existing markets or any expansion markets; if our existing contracts are modified or terminated; or if we fail to maintain or improve our quality star ratings, our current medicare business and our ability to expand our medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, negatively impacting our results of operations and financial performance. as of october 2023, approximately 87% of membership was associated with contracts rated 3.0 stars or better. our quality improvement goal is to move 85% of our members into contracts with 3.5 stars or better for rating year 2026 (anticipated to be published in october 2025), which may not be achieved. additionally, although we expect to have a higher percentage of d-snp members than most of our competitors, we may be unsuccessful in advocating for adjustments in the star score rating system or other risk adjustment criteria to reflect the socio-economic barriers to health for this population.
despite our operational efforts to improve our star ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years. our quality bonus and rebates may continue to be negatively impacted and our medicare advantage and pdp contracts may be terminated by cms. for example, two of our medicare advantage contracts have received notice of termination for plan year 2025 and other medicare advantage contracts have received star scores of below 3.0 stars for two consecutive years and accordingly could be terminated for plan year 2026 if their star scores do not improve. the attractiveness of our medicare advantage plans may be reduced if we are unable to maintain or improve these ratings, or if there are changes to the ratings system that make achieving and maintaining ratings of 3.0 stars or higher more difficult.
cms establishes annually different pricing components of the medicare advantage program that may not adequately reflect changes in the underlying health care costs, and which may reduce the profitability or desirability of various medicare advantage plans. for calendar year 2024, cms estimates that the risk model revisions together with the impact of normalization will reduce payments by 2.16%. as a result of these changes, and our 2024 medicare advantage bid design and membership projections, we have established a premium deficiency reserve in connection with the 2024 medicare advantage business as of december 31, 2023. in addition, cms' new risk model may not account for the full severity of several chronic conditions, which could also disproportionately affect the dual eligible population who are more medically complex and face additional socio-economic barriers to health compared to others. as a result of these changes and potential future changes to medicare advantage pricing components, we may not be able to design products that will be profitable, attractive or competitive for this population.
in addition, proposed cms regulations may require beneficiaries dually enrolled in medicare and medicaid to receive integrated care through medicare advantage d-snps, which may restrict our product offerings in some geographic service areas.
there are also specific additional risks under title xviii, part d of the social security act associated with our provision of medicare part d prescription drug benefits as part of our medicare advantage plan offerings. these risks include potential uncollectibility of receivables, inadequacy of pricing assumptions, inability to receive and process information and increased pharmaceutical costs, as well as the underlying seasonality of this business, and extended settlement periods for claims submissions. our failure to comply with part d program requirements can result in financial and/or operational sanctions on our part d products, as well as on our medicare advantage products that offer no prescription drug coverage.
risk-adjustment payment systems make our revenue and results of operations more difficult to estimate and could result in retroactive adjustments that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
most of our government customers employ risk-adjustment models to determine the premium amount they pay for each member. this model pays more for members with predictably higher costs according to the health status of each beneficiary enrolled. premium payments are generally established at fixed intervals according to the contract terms and then adjusted on a retroactive basis. we reassess the estimates of the risk adjustment settlements each reporting period and any resulting adjustments are made to premium revenue. in addition, revisions by our government customers to the risk-adjustment models have reduced and may continue to reduce our premium revenue.
table of contents as a result of the variability of certain factors that determine estimates for risk-adjusted premiums, including plan risk scores, the actual amount of retroactive payments could be materially more or less than our estimates. consequently, our estimate of our plans' risk scores for any period, and any resulting change in our accrual of premium revenues related thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the data provided to our government customers to determine the risk score are subject to audit by them even after the annual settlements occur. these audits may result in the refund of premiums to the government customer previously received by us, which could be significant and would reduce our premium revenue in the year that repayment is required. this in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
government customers have performed and continue to perform audits of selected plans to validate the provider coding practices under the risk adjustment model used to calculate the premium paid for each member. in 2023, cms announced the removal of the fee-for-service adjuster from the risk adjustment data validation audit methodology beginning for audit year 2018, which could increase our audit error scores. we anticipate that cms will continue to conduct audits of our medicare contracts and contract years on an on-going basis. an audit may result in the refund of premiums to cms. it is likely that a payment adjustment could occur as a result of these audits; and any such adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
any failure to adequately price or anticipate demand for products offered, anticipate changes to the competitive landscape or any reduction in products offered for medicare advantage and in the health insurance marketplace may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in the health insurance marketplace, we may be adversely impacted if we have not accurately predicted the health needs of our members, including due to individuals exiting the market causing the morbidity of the risk pool to rise without a proportionate change to risk adjustment. in addition, the risk adjustment provisions of the aca established to apportion risk amongst insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the health insurance marketplace product, are affected by our members' acuity relative to the membership acuity of other insurers and are subject to a high degree of estimation and variability, including estimation of the ultimate level of program funding based on the financial performance of other participants. further, changes in the competitive market for both health insurance marketplace and the medicare advantage products over time, changes to member eligibility in the program design or changes in the financial incentives of individuals, brokers and competitors to participate in such products may make pricing difficult to predict. for example, competitors may introduce pricing, broker incentives or broker distribution channels that we may not be able to match, which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. competitors may also choose to exit the market altogether or otherwise suffer financial difficulty, which could adversely impact the pool of potential insured, affect collectability of risk adjustment payable or require us to increase premium rates. any significant variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, out-of-network costs or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows for both our health insurance marketplace and medicare advantage products.
in addition, we may be unable to accurately predict demand for both our health insurance marketplace and medicare advantage products, as demand depends on factors outside of our control such as the competitiveness of our bids, the broker distribution channels and the entry and exit of other competitors in the markets. if we experience higher demand for our products than anticipated, we may not have adequate staffing to be able to adequately meet service level requirements in our call centers, which could negatively impact our quality scores, our relationships with our members and providers, as well as our regulators.
if we are not successful in procuring new government contracts or renewing existing government contracts, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected.
a substantial portion of our business relates to the provision of managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance or entitlement programs. we provide these and other healthcare services under contracts with government entities in the geographic areas in which we operate. our government contracts are generally intended to run for a fixed number of years and may be extended for an additional specified number of years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. initial bids for these contracts and initial implementation of these contracts can have substantial start-up costs and may ultimately be unsuccessful. for example, prior to obtaining a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must establish a provider network and have systems in place to administer a state contract and process claims. once a new contract is awarded, we may experience delays in operational start dates. as a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability, or we may not grow as quickly as we anticipated.
table of contents when our contracts with government entities expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. for example, as part of the normal course of business, several of our medicaid contracts are up for reprocurement in 2024 (for contracts largely commencing in 2025), including but not limited to florida, georgia, a portion of our business in texas and michigan. competitors may be more aggressive in the descriptions of their capabilities and the assumptions utilized in their bids. even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contracts being less profitable than we had anticipated. further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding readiness review, eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, financial standards, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment, compliance with contract terms and law and our agreement to maintain a medicare plan in the state, among other things, and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies. for example, as a result of a medicaid reprocurement process in california, in january 2024 our subsidiary, health net of california, began subcontracting a portion of its medicaid membership in los angeles, which reduced our membership, compared to december 2023.
we are also subject to various reviews, audits and investigations, as well as self-reporting requirements, to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any non-compliance with our government contracts or with applicable laws and regulations, adverse review, audit or investigation, could result in, among other things: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; loss or suspension of one or more of our licenses; lowered quality star ratings; harm to our reputation; or required changes to the way we do business. for example, several states have made claims related to services previously provided by envolve, which historically provided pbm and specialty pharmacy services, including among other things, (i) claims seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) claims alleging the failure to accurately disclose the true cost of the pbm services and (iii) claims alleging inflation of dispensing fees for prescription drugs. for additional information, see note 17. contingencies to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k. additional claims, reviews or investigations may still be brought by other states, the federal government or shareholder litigants, and there is no guarantee we will have the ability to settle such claims with other states within the reserve estimate we have recorded and on other acceptable terms, or at all. in addition, under government procurement regulations and practices, a negative determination resulting from a government audit of our business practices could result in a contractor being fined, debarred and/or suspended from being able to bid on, or be awarded, new government contracts for a period of time.
if any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business and reputation may be adversely impacted, our goodwill could be impaired and our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
in addition, we contract with independent third-party vendors, brokers and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations governing our business by such third parties, or governing our dealings with such parties, could, among other things, subject us to additional audits, reviews, investigations, self-reporting requirements and other adverse effects.
we derive a portion of our cash flow and gross margin from our pdp operations, for which we submit annual bids for participation. the results of our bids could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a significant portion of our pdp membership is obtained from the auto-assignment of beneficiaries in cms-designated regions where our pdp premium bids are below benchmarks of other plans' bids. in general, our premium bids are based on assumptions regarding pdp membership, utilization, drug costs, drug rebates and other factors for each region. our 2024 pdp bids resulted in 30 of the 34 cms regions in which we were below the benchmarks and 4 regions in which we were within the de minimis range, largely consistent with our 2023 pdp bids. as of january 1, 2024, we experienced an increase of 1.7 million pdp members compared to december 2023, due to our 2024 bid positioning. if our future part d premium bids are not below the cms benchmarks, we risk losing pdp members who were previously assigned to us and we may not have additional pdp members auto-assigned to us, which could materially reduce our revenue.
table of contents the inflation reduction act (ira) is expected to substantially increase pdp's risk exposure in 2025. under ira, pdp plan costs will increase significantly due to a reduction in members cost share (close of coverage gap, and the $2,000 cap on member out of pocket expenses) and a decrease in federal reinsurance (from 80% to 20%, while a greater portion of the plan drug costs will fall into the catastrophic phase). in the meantime, part d risk sharing program thresholds would be applied to the increased part d plan costs, so the plan cost at risk will be much greater before any risk sharing kicks in. these changes may lead to heightened underwriting risks and increased market volatility and uncertainty for 2025 bids, which could materially reduce our revenue and profit.
our encounter data may be inaccurate or incomplete, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.
our contracts require the submission of complete and correct encounter data. the accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is increasingly important to the success of our programs because more states are using encounter data to determine compliance with performance standards and to set premium rates. we have expended and may continue to expend additional effort and incur significant additional costs to collect or correct inaccurate or incomplete encounter data from our existing health plans and any health plans we may acquire in the future and have been and continue to be, exposed to operating sanctions and financial fines and penalties for noncompliance. in some instances, our government clients have established retroactive requirements for the encounter data we must submit. there also may be periods of time in which we are unable to meet existing requirements. in either case, it may be prohibitively expensive or impossible for us to collect or reconstruct this historical data.
we may experience challenges in obtaining complete and accurate encounter data, due to difficulties with providers and third-party vendors submitting claims in a timely fashion in the proper format, and with state agencies in coordinating such submissions. as states increase their reliance on encounter data, these difficulties could adversely affect the premium rates we receive and how membership is assigned to us and subject us to financial penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition cash flows and our ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.
increases in our pharmaceutical costs could have a material adverse effect on the level of our medical costs and our results of operations.
introduction of new high-cost specialty drugs and sudden cost spikes for existing drugs increase the risk that the pharmacy cost assumptions used to develop our capitation rates are not adequate to cover the actual pharmacy costs, which jeopardizes the overall actuarial soundness of our rates. bearing the high costs of new specialty drugs or the high-cost inflation of drugs without an appropriate rate adjustment or other reimbursement mechanism could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, evolving regulations and state and federal mandates regarding coverage may impact the ability of our health plans to continue to receive existing price discounts on pharmaceutical products for our members. other factors affecting our pharmaceutical costs include, but are not limited to, geographic variation in utilization of new and existing pharmaceuticals, changes in discounts, civil investigations and litigation. although we will continue to work with state medicaid agencies in an effort to ensure that we receive appropriate and actuarially sound reimbursement for all new drug therapies and pharmaceuticals trends, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in that regard.
ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business.
a number of our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate and assign eligible members into managed care plans. the effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. when a state implements either new programs to determine eligibility or new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or when it chooses new subcontractors, or has not adequately maintained systems, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans.
table of contents additionally, we rely on the accuracy of eligibility lists provided by state governments and their vendors. inaccuracies in those lists would negatively affect our results of operations. premium payments to our health plans are based upon eligibility lists produced by state governments and their vendors. from time to time, states require us to reimburse them for premiums paid to us based on an eligibility list that a state later discovers contains individuals who are not in fact eligible for a government sponsored program or are eligible for a different premium category or a different program. our results of operations would be adversely affected as a result of such reimbursement to the state if we make or have made related payments to providers and are unable to recoup such payments from the providers. alternatively, a state could fail to pay us for members for whom we are entitled to payment. such factors could have an adverse effect on our premium revenues and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
if state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy.
we principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. as part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. in addition to state corporate law limitations, these subsidiaries are subject to more stringent state insurance and hmo laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. if these regulators were to deny or delay our subsidiaries' requests to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy.
we derive a significant portion of our premium revenues from operations in a number of states, and our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially adversely affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states.
operations in a number of states have accounted for a significant portion of our premium revenues to date. if we were unable to continue to operate in any of those states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. for example, as part of the normal course of business, several of our medicaid contracts are up for reprocurement in 2024 (for contracts largely commencing in 2025), including but not limited to florida, georgia, a portion of our business in texas and michigan. our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenues and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions or changes in governmental administrations, economic conditions and similar factors in those states. government entities in states we currently serve could open the bidding for their medicaid or other healthcare programs to other health insurers through a request for proposal process. for example, as a result of medicaid reprocurement process in california, in january 2024 our subsidiary, health net of california, began subcontracting a portion of its medicaid membership in los angeles, which reduced our membership compared to december 2023. reductions in our service area or services provided in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business.
competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve.
we compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, the design and cost of benefits provided and quality of service. we compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided, as well as other non-traditional competitors. in addition, the administration of the aca has the potential to shift the competitive landscape in our segment.
some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. in addition, significant merger and acquisition activity continues to occur in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device and health information systems businesses. to the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected.
table of contents we operate in a highly competitive, dynamic and rapidly evolving industry and our failure to adapt could negatively impact our business.
the health service industry continues to be competitive, dynamic and rapidly evolving. any significant shifts in the structure of the industry could alter industry dynamics and adversely affect our ability to compete, attract or retain clients and customers. industry shifts could result (and have resulted) from, among other things:
•strategic alliances;
•change in broker distribution channels and requirements;
•continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, as well as changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers; and
•new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health service industry.
our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
if our vendors fail to meet their contractual obligations to us or fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, our results of operations may be adversely affected and we may be exposed to brand and reputational harm, litigation and/or regulatory action.
we are subject to risks associated with outsourcing services and functions to third parties. we contract with various vendors to perform certain functions and services, including for pbm, medical management and other member-related services. our arrangements with these third parties may expose us to public scrutiny, adversely affect our brand and reputation, expose us to litigation or regulatory action, and otherwise make our operations vulnerable if we fail to adequately oversee, monitor and regulate their performance or if they fail to meet their contractual obligations to us, including successfully and timely transitioning services, delivering expected cost savings, guarantees or commitments, increasing their service levels to us, or complying with applicable laws or regulations.
any failure of these third parties' prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance, compliance with our internal policies, data security and/or cybersecurity or any incident involving the theft, misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, members' or other constituents' sensitive information could require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and adversely affect our brand and reputation and also expose us to whistleblower, class action and other litigation, other proceedings, prohibitions on marketing or active or passive enrollment of members, corrective actions, fines, sanctions and/or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our business results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. if the vendors cannot adequately perform services to us due to lack of adequate staffing, infrastructure, experience, operational maturity, funding, bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if we are not able to contract with other service providers on a timely basis or at all.
if we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks, our profitability may be materially adversely affected.
our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians, and other healthcare providers. our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of, and access to services, be able to provide effective telehealth services, maintain financial solvency, pay secondary providers for services rendered (which could lead secondary providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular capitated payments to the provider group) or avoid disputes with other providers. depending on state law and the regulatory environment, it may be necessary for us to pay such claims. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
table of contents in any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, among other things. in some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. provider networks may consolidate or be acquired by our direct competitors, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment or in our competitive position. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts that are unfavorable to us, or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time, healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. if we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. in addition, from time to time, we may be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures or similar matters. for example, our wholly owned subsidiary, health net life insurance company (hnl), is and may continue to be subject to such disputes with respect to hnl's payment levels in connection with the processing of out-of-network provider reimbursement claims for the provision of certain substance abuse related services. in the event hnl receives an adverse finding in any related legal proceeding or from a regulator or is otherwise required to reimburse providers for these claims at rates that are higher than expected or for claims hnl otherwise believes are unallowable, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. in addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. as a result, under such circumstances, we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively.
if we or our third-party vendors are unable to integrate and manage information systems and networks effectively, our operations could be disrupted.
our operations depend significantly on effective information systems and networks. the information gathered and processed by information systems and networks assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims and providing data to our regulators. our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems and networks for membership verifications, claims status and other information. our information systems, networks and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. we regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' and networks' capabilities. if we, our healthcare providers, brokers' or our third-party vendors experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or networks or do not appropriately integrate, maintain, enhance or expand information systems or networks, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and providers and difficulty in attracting new members and providers, complaints, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. in addition, our, our healthcare providers', our brokers' or our third-party vendors' ability to integrate and manage information systems and networks may be impaired as the result of events outside our control, including natural disasters, such as earthquakes or fires, or acts of wars, aggression or terrorism, which may include cyber-attacks or other data security incidents by terrorists or other governmental or non-governmental actors. we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately. in addition, our ability to use outsourcing resources in certain jurisdictions might be limited by legislative action or contracts, with the result that the work must be performed at greater expense or we may be subject to sanctions for non-compliance. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
table of contents a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems, networks or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks and other data security incidents, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
data security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign states and state-supported actors. data security risks also may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our team members or third parties, or may result from human error, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failure or other technological failure. as these threats continually evolve, we may be required to devote substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our operational or security systems and networks and our cybersecurity program.
our operations rely on the secure transmission, storage and other processing of confidential, personal, proprietary, sensitive and other information in our computer systems and networks as well as those of third parties with which we do business.
security breaches of such systems and networks may arise from external or internal threats. external breaches may result from, among other things, a threat actor hacking personal information for financial gain, attempting to cause harm or interruption to our operations or intending to obtain competitive information. internal breaches may result from, among other things, inappropriate security access to confidential information by rogue team members, consultants or third-party service providers. any security breach could result in the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized access, disclosure or use of confidential member information, including personal information, financial data, competitively sensitive information or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, and could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.
we maintain a system of prevention and detection controls through our security programs; however, our prevention and detection controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks on a timely basis, or at all. despite our best attempts to maintain adherence to data privacy and security best practices, as well as compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual requirements, our facilities, systems and networks, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to data privacy or security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, malware, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing attacks), denial-of-service attacks or other forms of cyber-attack, misplaced or lost data including paper or electronic media, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. we experience attempted external hacking or malicious attacks on a regular basis. in the past, we have had data breaches resulting in disclosure of confidential or protected health information that have not resulted in any material financial loss or penalty to date. for example, in 2021, we learned that accellion, a third-party data transfer provider with whom we contract, had a system vulnerability that resulted in unauthorized access to certain sensitive data of our customers, including protected health information, as well as unauthorized access to the data of several of accellion's other clients. this incident led to putative class action lawsuits that were filed against us and our subsidiaries, health net, llc, health net of california, inc., hnl, health net community solutions, inc., and california health & wellness, and accellion on behalf of the affected customers. there can be no assurance that this incident and other privacy or security breaches will not require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our business or reputation, subject us to state, federal, or international agency review, and result in enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
while we generally perform data security due diligence on our key service providers, we do not control our service providers and our ability to monitor their data security practices is limited. some of our vendors may store or have access to our data and may not have effective controls, processes, or practices to protect our information from loss, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized use or misappropriation, cyber-attacks or other data security incidents. a vulnerability in our service providers' software or systems, a failure of our service providers' safeguards, policies or procedures, or a cyber-attack or other data security incident affecting any of these third parties could harm our business. additionally, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that our insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim.
table of contents we may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel.
we are highly dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. we face intense competition for experienced and highly skilled team members, and we may be unable to attract and retain such team members, or competition among potential employers may result in increasing compensation. in addition, we may be adversely impacted if we are unable to adequately plan for the succession of our executives and senior management. while we have succession plans in place for members of our executive and senior management team, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our executive and senior management team will continue to be available to us. our ability to replace any departed members of our executive and senior management team or other key team members may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the managed care industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand a business such as ours. competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these personnel. further, the increased availability of hybrid or remote working arrangements has expanded the pool of companies that can compete for our team members and employment candidates. our recently adopted modern work environment, including remote and hybrid work arrangements which is utilized by the majority of our team members, may present operational, cybersecurity and workplace culture challenges. if we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key personnel, executives and senior management, our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed.
an impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill, intangible assets and real estate portfolio could have a material impact on our results of operations and shareholders' equity.
changes in business strategy, divestitures, government regulations or economic or market conditions and non-renewal of government contracts have resulted and may result in impairments of our real estate portfolio, goodwill and other intangible assets at any time in the future. we have recorded a total of $529 million in impairment charges during the year ended december 31, 2023, which were largely attributed to recent divestitures. for additional information, see note 7. goodwill and intangible assets to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k. we may have additional impairment charges in connection with our periodic evaluation of our goodwill and intangible assets using assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units. our assumptions and judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on, among other things, legal factors, contract terms, market conditions and operational performance. further, the estimated value of our reporting units may be impacted because of business decisions we make associated with any future changes to laws and regulations, which could unfavorably affect the carrying value of certain goodwill and other intangible assets and result in impairment charges in future periods. if an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our results of operations and shareholders' equity in the period in which the impairment occurs.
risks relating to regulatory and legal matters reductions in funding, changes to eligibility requirements for government-sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate, and any inability on our part to effectively adapt to changes to these programs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the majority of our revenues come from government subsidized healthcare programs including medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and health insurance marketplace premiums. changes in these programs could change the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for these programs and increase our administrative and healthcare costs under these programs. for example, due to the declaration of the end of the public health emergency (phe) and the subsequent expiration of the eligibility determination waivers, we expect the resumption of the medicaid eligibility redeterminations to significantly reduce our membership in our medicaid programs. we do not expect to fully offset the loss of this membership by increased enrollment in our health insurance marketplace products. states may decide to reduce reimbursement or reduce benefits in order for states to afford to maintain or increase eligibility levels. if any state in which we operate were to decrease premiums paid to us or pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
table of contents under most of these programs, the base premium rate paid for each program differs, depending on a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region and benefit mix. since medicaid was created in 1965, the federal government and states have shared the costs for this program, with the federal government share currently averaging approximately 60%. we are therefore exposed to risks associated with federal and state government contracting or participating in programs involving a government payor, including but not limited to the general ability of the federal and/or state governments to terminate or modify contracts with them, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for convenience or for default based on performance; potential regulatory or legislative action that may materially modify amounts owed; our dependence upon congressional or legislative appropriation and allotment of funds and the impact that delays in government payments could have on our operating cash flow and liquidity; responses to pandemics, resurgences and new emergent diseases and other regulatory, legislative or judicial actions that may have an impact on the operations of government subsidized healthcare programs including ongoing litigation involving the aca. for example, future levels of funding and premium rates may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints. governments periodically consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd and foster care. additionally, as a result of the cms medicare advantage 2024 rate decrease, combined with our quality scores, we have established a premium deficiency reserve in connection with the 2024 medicare advantage business as of december 31, 2023. furthermore, medicare remains subject to the automatic spending reductions imposed by the budget control act of 2011 and the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 (sequestration), subject to a 2% cap, which was extended by the bipartisan budget act of 2019 through 2029, which was reinstated on july 1, 2022, after a temporary suspension due to the covid pandemic.
the ira enacts significant changes to the medicare part d program beginning on january 1, 2025. these changes create additional uncertainty for 2025 medicare part d bids, including their profitability and the competitive market landscape. if our future part d premium bids are not profitable or below the cms benchmarks or competitors price their products with significantly lower premiums, membership, revenue and profitability of this product could be materially reduced, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions.
in addition, proposed cms regulations may require beneficiaries dually enrolled in medicare and medicaid to receive integrated care through medicare advantage d-snps, which may restrict our product offerings in some geographic service areas.
in addition, reductions in defense spending could have an adverse impact on certain government programs in which we currently participate by, among other things, terminating or materially changing such programs, or by decreasing or delaying payments made under such programs. adverse economic conditions may put pressures on state budgets as tax and other state revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in these programs remains steady or increases, creating more need for funding. we anticipate this will require government agencies to find funding alternatives, which may result in reductions in funding for programs, contraction of covered benefits and limited or no premium rate increases or premium rate decreases. a reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for these programs, as well as termination of one or more contracts for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
also, if legislation increasing the federal debt ceiling is not enacted and the debt ceiling is reached, the federal government may stop or delay making payments on its obligations. in addition, if another federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and the health insurance marketplace, may be delayed. similarly, if state government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. if the federal or state governments fail to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
payments from government payors may be delayed in the future, which, if extended for any significant period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or liquidity. in addition, delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain or maintain, governmental approvals, or moratoria imposed by regulatory authorities, could adversely affect our revenues or membership, increase costs or adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market as forecasted. other changes to our government programs could affect our willingness or ability to participate in any of these programs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
table of contents significant changes or judicial challenges to the aca could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
the enactment of the aca in march 2010 transformed the u.s. healthcare delivery system through a series of complex initiatives; however, the aca has faced, and continues to face, administrative, judicial and legislative challenges to repeal or change certain of its significant provisions. changes to portions or the entirety of the aca, as well as judicial interpretations in response to constitutional and other legal challenges, as well as the uncertainty generated by such actual or potential challenges, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. the ultimate content, timing or effect of any potential future legislation or litigation and the outcome of other lawsuits cannot be predicted.
among the most significant of the aca's provisions was the establishment of the health insurance marketplace for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance coverage that included a minimum level of benefits and restrictions on coverage limitations and premium rates, as well as the expansion of medicaid coverage to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level beginning january 1, 2014, subject to each state's election. the hhs additionally indicated that it would consider a limited number of premium assistance demonstration proposals from states that want to privatize medicaid expansion. several states in which we operate have obtained section 1115 waivers to implement the aca's medicaid expansion in ways that extend beyond the flexibility provided by the federal law, with additional states pursuing section 1115 waivers regarding eligibility criteria, benefits, and cost-sharing, and provider payments across their medicaid programs. litigation challenging section 1115 waiver activity for both new and previously approved waivers is expected to continue both through administrative actions and the courts.
the enhanced eligibility for the advance premium tax credit for marketplace members that was extended by the inflation reduction act expires december 31, 2025. if this credit is not renewed or extended, or if eligibility for this credit is limited, it could materially adversely impact our marketplace membership.
additionally, the u.s. department of labor issued a final rule on june 19, 2018, which expanded flexibility regarding the regulation and formation of association health plans (ahps) provided by small employer groups and associations. on june 13, 2019, the hhs, the u.s. department of labor and the u.s. treasury issued a final rule allowing employers of all sizes that do not offer a group coverage plan to fund a new kind of health reimbursement arrangement (hra), known as an individual coverage hra (ichra). beginning january 1, 2020, employees became able to use employer-funded ichras to buy individual-market insurance, including insurance purchased on the public exchanges formed under the aca. it remains uncertain whether or when the current or future administrations will propose changes to restrict these insurance plan options that are not required to meet aca requirements, and what the impact of such potential changes may be.
these changes and other potential changes involving the functioning of the health insurance marketplace as a result of additional new state and federal legislation, regulation, executive action or litigation, including those related to extending enrollment periods, increasing eligibility in the program design, changing the eligibility and amount of the advanced premium tax credit and expanding navigator services, could impact our business and results of operations adversely or in other ways that we do not currently anticipate.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our reputation and business.
our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and by the federal government. in addition, the managed care industry has received negative publicity that has led to increased legislation, regulation, review of industry practices and private litigation in the commercial sector. such negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant insurance, health, and/or human services or government departments that oversee the activities of mcos providing or arranging to provide services to medicaid, medicare, health insurance marketplace enrollees or other beneficiaries. for example, our health plan subsidiaries must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements.
table of contents the frequent enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of laws and regulations could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; modify how we contract, pay and interact with brokers, and increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our contracted providers. in addition, changes in political party, or administrations at the state or federal level in the united states or internationally may change the attitude towards healthcare programs and result in changes to the existing legislative or regulatory environment.
additionally, the taxes and fees paid to federal, state, local and international governments may increase due to several factors, including: enactment of, changes to or interpretations of tax laws and regulations, audits by governmental authorities, geographic expansions into higher taxing jurisdictions and the effect of expansions into international markets.
we are often required to maintain a minimum hbr or share profits in excess of certain levels, which may be retroactive. in certain circumstances, our plans have returned premiums back to the states, enrollees or other beneficiaries in the event profits exceed established levels or hbr does not meet the minimum requirement. the amount of premium returned may include transparent pharmacy pricing and rebate initiatives. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to maintain our contracts or receive additional or full contractual revenue.
the governmental healthcare programs in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain regulations and performance standards. regulators require numerous steps for continued implementation of the aca, including the promulgation of a substantial number of potentially more onerous federal regulations. if we fail to effectively implement or appropriately adjust our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of healthcare reform, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. for example, under the aca, congress authorized cms and the states to implement managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. our inability to improve or maintain adequate quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs. specifically, several of our medicaid contracts require us to maintain a medicare health plan.
in april 2016, cms issued final regulations that revised existing medicaid managed care rules by establishing a minimum medical loss ratio standard for medicaid of 85% and strengthening provisions related to network adequacy and access to care, enrollment and disenrollment protections, beneficiary support information, continued service during beneficiary appeals, and delivery system and payment reform initiatives, among others. on november 13, 2020, cms finalized revisions to the medicaid managed care regulations, many of which became effective in december 2020. while not a wholesale revision of the 2016 regulations, the november 2020 final rule adopted changes in areas including network adequacy, beneficiary protections, quality oversight and the establishment of capitation rates and payment policies. although we strive to comply with all existing regulations and to meet performance standards applicable to our business, failure to meet these requirements could result in financial fines and penalties. also, states or other governmental entities may carve out certain services and benefits from the government programs in which we participate, or they may not allow us to continue to participate in their government programs or we may fail to win procurements to participate in such programs, any of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, as a result of the expansion of our businesses and operations conducted in foreign countries, we face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. these foreign regulatory requirements with respect to, among other items, environmental, tax, licensing, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital, management control, labor relations, and fraud and corruption regulations are different than those faced by our domestic businesses. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the fcpa, and as well as anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions (such as the u.k. bribery act). any failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could subject us to civil and criminal penalties and could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
table of contents our pharmacy services face regulatory and other competitive risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we historically provided pbm services and continue to provide certain pharmacy benefits administration and specialty pharmacy services. we have transitioned substantially all of our pbm business to a third party as of january 1, 2023. these businesses are subject to federal and state laws and regulations that, among other requirements, govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers, and consumers. for example, several states have made claims related to pbm services including among other things, (i) claims seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) claims alleging the failure to accurately disclose the true cost of the pbm services, and (iii) claims alleging inflation of dispensing fees for prescription drugs. for additional information, see note 17. contingencies to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k. additional claims, reviews, or investigations may still be brought by other states, the federal government, or shareholder litigants.
our specialty pharmacy business is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. in addition, federal and state legislatures and regulators regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and the use of average wholesale prices.
our specialty pharmacy business would be materially and adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, though we use a network of specialty pharmacies beyond acariahealth. disruptions at any of our specialty pharmacies due to an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use pricing metrics published by third parties as benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. if these benchmarks are no longer published by third parties, or we, or our contractual partners, adopt other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the industry, or legislation or regulation requires the use of other pricing benchmarks, or future changes in drug prices substantially deviate from our expectations, the short- or long-term impacts may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we have been and may from time to time become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management and could adversely affect our business.
from time to time, we are a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions and are subject to investigations relating to our business, including, without limitation, medical malpractice claims; claims by members and providers alleging failure to timely and accurately pay for or provide healthcare; claims related to non-payment or insufficient payments for out-of-network services; claims related to network adequacy; claims alleging bad faith; compliance with cms medicare and marketplace regulations, including risk adjustment and broker compensation; claims related to the false claims act, the calculation of minimum mlr and rebates related thereto, claims related to privacy, intellectual property and vendor disputes; investigations regarding our submission of risk adjuster claims; putative securities class actions; protests and appeals related to medicaid procurement awards; cybersecurity issues, including those related to our or our third-party vendors' information systems; employment-related disputes, including wage and hour claims; submissions to state agencies related to payments or state false claims acts, preauthorization penalties, timely review of grievance and appeals; and claims related to the imposition of new taxes, including but not limited to claims that may have retroactive application. for example, several states have made claims related to services previously provided by envolve, which historically provided pbm and specialty pharmacy services, including among other things, (i) claims seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) claims alleging the failure to accurately disclose the true cost of the pbm services and (iii) claims alleging inflation of dispensing fees for prescription drugs. for additional information, see note 17. contingencies to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k. additional claims, reviews or investigations may be brought by other states, the federal government or shareholder litigants, and there is no guarantee we will have the ability to settle such claims with other states within the reserve estimate we have recorded, on other acceptable terms, or at all. although we maintain some third-party insurance coverage, including excess liability insurance with third-party insurance carriers, certain liabilities or types of damages, such as punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may be insufficient to cover the entire damages awarded. in addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are costly and time-consuming and require significant attention from our management and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
table of contents if we fail to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as part of our normal operations, we and our third party vendors collect, retain and otherwise process confidential member information, including personal information. we and our third party vendors are subject to various federal, state and international laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual requirements regarding the use, disclosure and other processing of confidential member information (including personal information), including hipaa, the hitech act, the gramm-leach-bliley act, the gdpr and its equivalent in the united kingdom (u.k. gdpr), which require us to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information we maintain, use and otherwise process. these laws, rules and contractual requirements are subject to change and the regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and security laws is increasingly demanding. compliance with existing or new data privacy and security laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. in some cases, such laws, rules, regulations and contractual requirements also apply to our third-party providers and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements. certain of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities.
at the u.s. state level, we may be subject to laws and regulations such as the california consumer privacy act (as amended by the california privacy rights act, collectively, the ccpa), which broadly defines personal information and gives california residents expanded privacy rights and protections, such as affording them the right to access and request deletion of their information and to opt out of certain sharing and sales of personal information. numerous other states also have enacted, or are in the process of enacting or considering, comprehensive state-level data privacy and security laws and regulations that share similarities with the ccpa. moreover, laws in all 50 u.s. states require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach.
we are subject to the data privacy laws of non-u.s. jurisdictions, such as the gdpr and u.k. gdpr, which impose stringent operational requirements on both data controllers and data processors and introduces significant penalties for non-compliance. while the gdpr and the u.k. gdpr remain substantially similar for the time being, the u.k. government has announced that it would seek to chart its own path on data protection and reform its relevant laws, including in ways that may differ from the gdpr. legal developments in the european economic area (eea) and the u.k. also have created complexity and uncertainty regarding processing and transfers of personal data from the eea and the u.k. to the united states and other so-called third countries outside the eea and the u.k. that have not been determined by the relevant data protection authorities to provide an adequate level of protection for privacy rights.
further, while we strive to publish and prominently display privacy policies that are accurate, comprehensive, and compliant with applicable laws, regulations, rules and industry standards, we cannot ensure that our privacy policies and other statements regarding our practices will be sufficient to protect us from claims, proceedings, liability or adverse publicity relating to data privacy and security. although we endeavor to comply with our privacy policies and to obtain written assurances of our third party providers' compliance, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. the publication of our privacy policies and other documentation that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. any concerns about our data privacy and security practices, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business.
any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, or applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, rules, standards or contractual obligations, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or unauthorized loss, destruction, use, modification, acquisition, disclosure, release or transfer of personal information, may result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, the expenditure of substantial costs, time and other resources, proceedings or actions against us, legal liability, governmental investigations, enforcement actions, claims, fines, judgments, awards, penalties, sanctions and costly litigation (including class actions). any of the foregoing could harm our reputation, distract our management and technical personnel, increase our costs of doing business, adversely affect the demand for our products and services, and ultimately result in the imposition of liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
table of contents if we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we, along with other companies involved in public healthcare programs, have been, and from time to time are, the subject of federal and state fraud, waste and abuse investigations. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to participants in these public sector programs are complex and subject to change. violations of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to us could result in civil monetary penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment and/or exclusion from participation in medicaid, medicare, tricare and other federal healthcare programs and federally funded state health programs. fraud, waste and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, incorrect and unsubstantiated billing or billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. these fraud, waste and abuse laws include the federal false claims act, which prohibits the known filing of a false claim or the known use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government, and the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services. many states have fraud, waste and abuse laws, including false claim act and anti-kickback statutes that closely resemble the federal false claims act and the federal anti-kickback statute. in addition, the deficit reduction act of 2005 encouraged states to enact state-versions of the federal false claims act that establish liability to the state for false and fraudulent medicaid claims and that provide for, among other things, claims to be filed by qui tam relators (private parties acting on the government's behalf). federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud, waste and abuse a priority. in the event we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
at the federal level, hipaa and the hitech act broadened the scope of fraud, waste and abuse laws under hipaa applicable to healthcare companies and established enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud, waste and abuse, including civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic transmission of protected health information. the hitech act expanded the scope of these provisions by mandating individual notification in instances of breaches of protected health information, providing enhanced penalties for hipaa violations, and granting enforcement authority to states' attorneys general in addition to the hhs office for civil rights. it is possible that congress may enact additional legislation in the future to increase the amount or application of penalties and to create a private right of action under hipaa, which could entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy and security provisions.
we might be adversely impacted by tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions.
we are subject to the tax laws in the u.s. at the federal, state and local government levels and to the tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. tax laws might change in ways that adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate and cash flow. in august 2022, the u.s. federal government enacted the inflation reduction act, which imposed a 15% corporate minimum tax on certain large corporations and a 1% tax on share repurchases after december 31, 2022. the tax laws are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. we are subject to tax examinations in various jurisdictions that might assess additional tax liabilities against us. our tax reporting positions might be challenged by relevant tax authorities, we might incur significant expense in our efforts to defend those challenges and we might be unsuccessful in those efforts. developments in examinations and challenges might materially change our provision for taxes in the affected periods and might differ materially from our historical tax accruals. any of these risks might have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
risks relating to conditions in the financial markets and economy our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks and will decline in value if interest rates increase or one of the issuers' credit ratings is reduced. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, changes in the economic environment, including periods of increased volatility in the securities markets, and recent increases in interest rates, can increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment and increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets. there is continuing risk that declines in the fair value of our investments may occur and material impairments may be charged to income in future periods, resulting in recognized losses.
table of contents adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms.
in the past, the securities and credit markets have experienced volatility and disruption. the availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been restricted. in the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access our existing revolving credit facility.
our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity and perceptions of our financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if one or any combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain sufficient additional financing on favorable terms, within an acceptable time, or at all.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. such indebtedness could reduce our agility and may adversely affect our financial condition.
as of december 31, 2023, we had consolidated indebtedness of $17.8 billion. we may further increase or refinance our indebtedness in the future.
this may have the effect, among other things, of subjecting us to additional restrictive covenants and reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs.
among other things, our revolving credit facility and term loan facility (collectively, the company credit facility) and the indentures governing our notes require us to comply with various covenants that impose restrictions on our operations, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends, make certain investments or other restricted payments, sell or otherwise dispose of substantially all of our assets and engage in other activities. we are also exposed to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate indebtedness. increases in interest rates have increased our cost of borrowing, and volatility in u.s. and global financial markets could impact our access to, or further increase the cost of, financing. our company credit facility also requires us to comply with a maximum debt to ebitda ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. these restrictive covenants could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. in addition, any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default under our company credit facility and, in some circumstances, under the indentures governing our notes, which, in any case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures previous or future acquisitions may not perform as expected and we may not realize the financial results expected from acquisitions or divestitures, which may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
the market price of our common stock is generally subject to volatility, and there can be no assurances regarding the level or stability of our share price at any time. the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of previous or future acquisitions and divestitures if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected cost and revenue synergies or growth in earnings, the operational cost savings estimates are not realized as rapidly or to the extent anticipated, the transaction costs related to the acquisitions or divestitures are greater than expected or if any financing related to the transactions is on unfavorable terms. the market price of our common stock also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of such acquisitions and divestitures as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisitions and divestitures on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.
table of contents we may be unable to successfully integrate our existing business with acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions.
we have acquired or may acquire in the future health plans participating in government-sponsored healthcare programs, contract rights and related assets of other health plans both in our existing service areas and in new markets and start-up operations in new markets or new products in existing markets. although we review the records of companies or businesses we plan to acquire, it is possible that we could assume unanticipated liabilities or adverse operating conditions. in addition, the success of acquisitions we make will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine our existing business with such acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, growth in earnings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combinations. in addition, we may be restricted in our ability to realize these synergies as a result of regulatory requirements. if we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of our common stock may decline.
the integration of acquired businesses with our existing business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. the integration may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
•the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the integration;
•maintaining team member morale and retaining key management and other team members;
•the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
•retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;
•consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;
•coordinating geographically separate organizations;
•unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, and other systems;
•unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the aca and any regulations enacted thereunder;
•unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition and/or integration, including due to regulatory approval requirements and delays;
•achieving actual cost savings at the anticipated levels; and
•decreases in premiums paid under government-sponsored healthcare programs by any state in which we operate.
many of these factors would be outside of our control and any one of them could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our ability to successfully manage the expanded business following any given acquisition will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing our expanded operations as a result of acquisitions or that we will realize the expected growth in earnings, operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits.
our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if we fail to manage and complete divestitures.
we regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine whether an asset or business is still consistent with our business strategy or whether there may be a more advantaged owner for that asset or business. when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could delay the achievement of our business strategy. further, divestitures may be delayed due to failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or may become more difficult to execute due to conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction. we might have financial exposure in a divested business, such as through minority equity ownership, financial or performance guarantees, indemnities or other obligations, such that conditions outside of our control might negate the expected benefits of the disposition. the impact of a divestiture on our results of operations could also be greater than anticipated.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this filing. the discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under part i, item 1a."risk factors" of this form 10-k. the following discussion and analysis does not include certain items related to the year ended december 31, 2021, including year-to-year comparisons between the year ended december 31, 2022 and the year ended december 31, 2021. for a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 21, 2023.
executive overview we are a leading provider of government-sponsored healthcare. we provide access to quality healthcare for nearly 1 in 15 individuals nationwide through government-sponsored programs, including medicaid, medicare and the health insurance marketplace. our focus is on improving health and health care for low-income, complex populations.
we provide access to high-quality healthcare, innovative programs and a wide range of health solutions that help families and individuals get well, stay well and be well. our uniquely local approach - with local brands and local teams who live in, care about and directly influence the communities they serve - is a key differentiator in our ability to provide access to quality care to our members. centene treats the whole person, an approach that is delivered locally but backed by the scale of centene's expertise, data and resources. through this approach and our commitment to sustainable partnerships, we work with local community organizations to realize our mission of transforming the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time.
our record of organic growth and strategic acquisitions has given us the size, scale and privilege of providing local high-quality and affordable health care to more than 27 million americans. as of december 31, 2023, we were the largest medicaid health insurer in the country, serving more than 14 million medicaid recipients in 30 states. we were the largest marketplace carrier, serving 3.9 million members across 28 states, served 1.3 million medicare advantage members across 36 states and 4.6 million medicare prescription drug plan (pdp) members in 50 states and the district of columbia.
general our results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits (including estimated costs incurred) and selling, general and administrative (sg&a) costs. we measure operating performance based upon two key ratios. the health benefits ratio (hbr) represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues, excluding premium tax revenues that are separately billed, and reflects the direct relationship between the premiums received and the medical services provided. the sg&a expense ratio represents sg&a costs as a percentage of premium and service revenues, excluding premium taxes separately billed.
segments update in the first quarter of 2023, and in conjunction with our updated strategic plan, executive leadership realignment, and corresponding 2023 divestitures, we revised the way we manage the business, evaluate performance and allocate resources, resulting in an updated segment structure comprised of (1) a medicaid segment, (2) a medicare segment, (3) a commercial segment and (4) an other segment. we began reporting under this new segment structure in 2023. prior year information has been adjusted to reflect the change in segment reporting.
acquisitions and divestitures in december 2023, we completed the divestiture of operose health group (operose health) and recognized an impairment of $140 million, or $128 million after-tax.
in august 2023, we signed a definitive agreement to sell circle health group (circle health), which resulted in an impairment of $292 million, or $258 million after-tax, in 2023. the divestiture was completed in january 2024.
in june 2023, we completed the divestiture of our majority stake in apixio and recognized a gain of $93 million, or $67 million after-tax.
table of contents in january 2023, we sold magellan specialty health for $646 million in cash and stock, including an estimated working capital adjustment, and recognized a gain of $79 million, or $63 million after-tax.
in january 2023, we also completed the divestitures of centurion and healthsmart and recorded impairments of $259 million ($181 million after-tax) and $36 million ($27 million after-tax), respectively, in 2022. during 2023, we recognized a gain of $15 million, or $10 million after-tax, on the divestiture of the centurion business reflecting additional proceeds for contingent consideration, partially offset by net working capital adjustments.
in december 2022, we completed the divestiture of magellan rx for $1.3 billion and recognized a gain of $269 million, or $99 million after-tax. during 2023, we recorded a reduction to the previously reported gain on the divestiture of $22 million, or $10 million after-tax, due to the finalization of working capital adjustments.
in november 2022, we divested our ownership stakes in our spanish and central european businesses and as a result recorded an impairment charge of $163 million, or $140 million after-tax. during 2023, we recognized an additional loss on sale of $13 million, or $10 million after-tax, related to the divestiture of our spanish and central european businesses.
in july 2022, we divested pantherx rare (pantherx) for $1.4 billion and recognized a gain of $490 million, or $382 million after-tax.
in january 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of magellan health, inc. (magellan). total consideration for the acquisition was $2.5 billion, consisting of $2.4 billion in cash and $60 million related to the fair value of replacement equity awards associated with pre-combination service.
the above-noted divestitures are drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section.
value creation plan we established our value creation plan to drive margin expansion by leveraging our scale and generating sustainable, profitable growth. in addition to creating shareholder value, this plan is an ongoing effort to modernize and improve how we work in order to propel our organization to new levels of success and elevate the member and provider experiences. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2023, we completed the following key milestones in our value creation plan:
•completed the divestitures of magellan specialty health, centurion, healthsmart, our majority stake in apixio and operose health. additionally, during the third quarter of 2023, we signed a definitive agreement to sell circle health. the divestiture was completed in january 2024.
•completed $1.6 billion of common stock repurchases through our stock repurchase program, which were funded through divestiture proceeds and free cash flow generated from operations.
•completed operating model changes initiated in 2022, including streamlining call center management and utilization management.
•initiated standardization of our pharmacy operating model and completed an rfp for pharmacy benefits management (pbm) services. our new third-party pbm contract commenced in january 2024.
•launched our next-gen clinical population health platform.
table of contents regulatory trends and uncertainties the united states government, policymakers and healthcare experts continue to discuss and debate various elements of the united states healthcare model. we remain focused on the promise of delivering access to high-quality, affordable healthcare to all of our members and believe we are well positioned to meet the needs of the changing healthcare landscape.
in contrast to previous executive and legislative efforts to restrict or limit certain provisions of the affordable care act (aca), legislation and regulations at the federal level over the last few years have contained provisions aimed at leveraging medicaid and the health insurance marketplace to expand health insurance coverage and affordability to consumers. the american rescue plan act (arpa), enacted in march 2021, initially enhanced eligibility for the premium tax credit for enrollees in the health insurance marketplace, which was extended through the 2025 tax year by the inflation reduction act, enacted in august 2022.
in addition, proposed centers for medicare & medicaid services (cms) regulations may require beneficiaries dually enrolled in medicare and medicaid to receive integrated care through medicare advantage dual eligible special needs plans (d-snps), which may restrict our product offerings in some geographic service areas. we believe we are positioned well given our overlapping medicaid and medicare advantage footprints and are committed to navigating evolving regulations.
the covid-19 pandemic has impacted and continues to affect our business as it relates to medicaid eligibility changes and vaccines and treatments. the families first coronavirus response act, enacted in march 2020, increased federal matching rates for state medicaid programs with a requirement that states suspend medicaid redeterminations throughout the public health emergency (phe). as a result, since the onset of the phe through march 2023, our medicaid membership increased by 3.6 million members (excluding new states north carolina and delaware and various state product expansions or managed care organization changes). the consolidated appropriations act, 2023, signed into law on december 29, 2022, delinked the medicaid continuous coverage requirements from the phe and, as a result, some states began medicaid disenrollments on april 1, 2023. per the act and clarifying cms guidance, redeterminations related to the phe should conclude during the second quarter of 2024. redeterminations in certain states may move at a slower pace due to cms compliance action to pause and/or complete corrective action prior to disenrolling beneficiaries. some states could see redeterminations extend past the second quarter of 2024 given cms compliance actions.
we are actively engaged to help ensure individuals take the state agency requested action to confirm eligibility in their medicaid coverage or find other appropriate coverage that is best for themselves and their families. our ambetter health product covers the majority of our medicaid states, and we believe we are among the best positioned in the healthcare market to enroll those transitioning coverage through redeterminations. although medicaid continuous coverage requirements were decoupled from the phe, we are working to address provisions that were tied to the end of the phe which expired on may 11, 2023, including covid costs related to vaccines and treatments, coverage requirements and various other payment structures.
we also closely monitor state legislation across our markets and are advocating for and seeing adoption of coverage expansions for medicaid adult populations (e.g., north carolina), postpartum, foster care, children, among others, as well as mitigating adverse legislation addressing pharmacy, prior authorization and other issues.
we have more than three decades of experience, spanning seven presidents from both sides of the aisle, in delivering high-quality healthcare services on behalf of states and the federal government to under-insured and uninsured families, commercial organizations and military families. this expertise has allowed us to deliver cost-effective services to our government partners and our members. with trends in the personalization of healthcare technology, we continue the use of data and analytics to optimize our business. we continue to believe we have both the capacity and capability to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of our members, customers, providers and shareholders.
for additional information regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
2023 highlights our financial performance for 2023 is summarized as follows:
•year-end membership of 27.5 million, an increase of 413 thousand members, or 2% over 2022.
•total revenues of $154.0 billion, representing 7% growth year-over-year.
•premium and service revenues of $140.1 billion, representing 3% growth year-over-year.
•hbr of 87.7% for 2023, compared to 87.7% for 2022.
•sg&a expense ratio of 9.0% for 2023, compared to 8.6% for 2022.
•adjusted sg&a expense ratio of 8.9% for 2023, compared to 8.4% for 2022.
•diluted earnings per share (eps) of $4.95 for 2023, compared to $2.07 for 2022.
•adjusted diluted eps of $6.68 for 2023, compared to $5.78 for 2022, representing over 15% growth year-over-year.
•operating cash flows of $8.1 billion, or 3.0 times net earnings and 2.2 times adjusted net earnings, for 2023.
a reconciliation from gaap diluted eps to adjusted diluted eps is highlighted below, and additional detail is provided under the heading "non-gaap financial presentation":
we reference adjusted sg&a expense ratio defined as adjusted sg&a expenses, which excludes acquisition and divestiture related expenses and other items, divided by premium and service revenues. we also reference effective tax rate on adjusted earnings, defined as gaap income tax expense (benefit) excluding the income tax effects of adjustments to net earnings divided by adjusted earnings (loss) before income tax expense.
amortization of acquired intangible assets              1.32                            1.40
other adjustments (1)                                   0.85                            2.65
income tax effects of adjustments (2)                 (0.57)                          (0.70)
(1) other adjustments include the following pre-tax items:
(a) circle health impairment of $292 million, or $0.53 per share ($0.47 after-tax), operose health impairment of $140 million, or $0.26 per share ($0.24 after-tax), real estate impairments of $105 million, or $0.19 per share ($0.16 after-tax), gain on the sale of apixio of $93 million, or $0.17 per share ($0.12 after-tax), severance costs due to a restructuring of $79 million, or $0.15 per share ($0.11 after-tax), gain on the sale of magellan specialty health of $79 million, or $0.14 per share ($0.11 after-tax), a reduction to the previously reported gain on the sale of magellan rx of $22 million, or $0.04 per share ($0.02 after-tax), gain on the previously reported divestiture of centurion of $15 million, or $0.03 per share ($0.02 after-tax) and an additional loss on the divestiture of our spanish and central european businesses of $13 million, or $0.02 per share ($0.01 after-tax).
(b) real estate impairments of $1,642 million, or $2.82 per share ($2.08 after-tax), pantherx divestiture gain of $490 million, or $0.84 per share ($0.65 after-tax), impairments of assets associated with the divestitures of our spanish and central european, centurion and healthsmart businesses of $458 million, or $0.78 per share ($0.60 after-tax), magellan rx divestiture gain of $269 million, or $0.46 per share ($0.17 after-tax), health net federal services asset impairment of $233 million, or $0.40 per share ($0.39 after-tax), gain on debt extinguishment of $27 million, or $0.04 per share ($0.03 after-tax), increase to the previously reported gain on the divestiture of u.s. medical management (usmm) due to the finalization of working capital adjustments of $13 million, or $0.02 per share ($0.02 after-tax) and costs related to the pharmacy benefits management (pbm) legal settlement of $6 million, or $0.01 per share ($0.00 after-tax).
(2) the income tax effects of adjustments are based on the effective income tax rates applicable to each adjustment. in addition, the year ended december 31, 2023, includes a one-time income tax benefit of $69 million, or $0.13 per share, resulting from the distribution of long-term stock awards to the estate of the company's former ceo and tax expense of $3 million, or $0.01 per share, related to tax adjustments on previously reported divestitures. the year ended december 31, 2022, includes tax expense of $107 million, or $0.18 per share, related to the magellan specialty health divestiture and a $15 million, or $0.03 per share, tax benefit related to the rxadvance impairment.
current and future operating drivers the following items contributed to our results of operations as compared to the previous year:
•in december 2023, our subsidiaries, carolina complete health and wellcare of north carolina, began providing coverage under north carolina's new medicaid expansion program.
•in september 2023, our subsidiary, superior healthplan (superior), commenced a new, six-year contract awarded by the texas health and human services commission to continue providing youth in foster care with healthcare coverage through the star health medicaid program. superior has been the sole provider of star health coverage since the program launched in 2008.
•in april 2023, eligibility redeterminations related to the phe began. we expect that these redeterminations will extend over a 14-month period, with the majority of states concluding in the second quarter of 2024. eligibility suspensions from the onset of the phe drove increased membership through march 2023 followed by decreases beginning in april through the end of 2023.
•in april 2023, the state of new york removed pharmacy services for certain of our managed care contracts in connection with the state's transition of pharmacy services to medicaid fee-for-service.
•in february 2023, our subsidiary, buckeye health plan, commenced the medicaid contract awarded by the ohio department of medicaid to continue providing members with quality healthcare, coordinated services and benefits.
•in january 2023, our subsidiary, delaware first health, commenced its new contract for the statewide medicaid managed care programs.
•in january 2023, our subsidiary, louisiana healthcare connections, commenced the medicaid contract awarded by the louisiana department of health to continue administering quality, integrated healthcare services to members across the state.
•in january 2023, our subsidiary, managed health services, commenced the contract awarded by the indiana department of administration to continue serving hoosier healthwise and health indiana plan members with medicaid and medicaid alternative managed care and care coordination services.
•in october 2022, the state of ohio removed pharmacy services in connection with the state's transition from managed care to a single pbm.
•in july 2022, our subsidiary, home state health, commenced the mo healthnet managed care general plan and specialty plan contracts.
•in 2023, our health insurance marketplace product, ambetter health, expanded into alabama and extended its footprint by more than 60 counties across 12 existing states. in total, the marketplace plan is available in more than 1,500 counties across 28 states. additionally, marketplace membership increased year-over-year due to the expanded footprint, strong product positioning and open enrollment results, as well as overall market growth.
•in june 2023, we completed the divestiture of apixio. we maintain a close relationship with, and a minority interest in, the business.
•in january 2023, we completed the divestitures of magellan specialty health, centurion and healthsmart.
•in december 2022, we completed the divestiture of magellan rx, which was part of the magellan business acquired in january 2022.
•in november 2022, we completed the divestiture of our ownership stakes in our spanish and central european businesses, including ribera salud, torrejón salud and pro diagnostics group.
•in july 2022, we completed the divestiture of pantherx.
we expect the following items to impact our future results of operations:
•in january 2024, our subsidiary, nh healthy families, was selected by the new hampshire department of health and human services to continue providing physical health, behavioral health and pharmacy services for new hampshire's medicaid managed care program, known as medicaid care management (mcm). the contract is expected to begin in september 2024 for a five-year term.
•in january 2024, our subsidiary, nebraska total care, commenced the statewide medicaid managed care contract to continue serving the state's medicaid managed care program, known as heritage health. the initial contract term is five years and includes the option for two subsequent, one-year renewals, for a potential total of seven years.
•in january 2024, our subsidiary, health net of california, commenced direct medicaid contracts in 10 counties, including los angeles (in which a portion is subcontracted).
•in january 2024, key coverage expansion provisions outlined in the 2022 year-end spending bill went into effect requiring states to provide 12 months of continuous coverage for children under medicaid and children's health insurance program (chip). the spending bill also made the state option to extend coverage for postpartum women for up to 12 months permanent.
•in december 2023, our subsidiary, arizona complete health, the largest medicaid health plan in arizona, was selected by the arizona health care cost containment system - arizona's single state medicaid agency - to provide managed care for the arizona long term care system (altcs). the program supports nearly 26,000 arizonans who are elderly and/or have a physical disability (e/pd) with physical and behavioral healthcare, as well as provides pharmacy benefits. the new altcs-e/pd contract is anticipated to begin in october 2024, subject to the resolution of third-party protests, and is a three-year term with four optional one-year extensions, for a total of seven possible contract years.
•in july 2023, our subsidiary, superior, announced it entered into a contract to continue to provide healthcare coverage to the aged, blind or disabled (abd) population in the state's star+plus program. the contract is anticipated to begin in september 2024 for a six-year term with a maximum of three additional two-year extensions.
•in june 2023, our subsidiary, oklahoma complete health, was selected by the oklahoma health care authority for statewide contracts to provide managed care for the soonerselect and soonerselect children's specialty plan programs. the new contracts are anticipated to begin in april 2024 for a one-year term with five, one-year renewal options.
•in august 2022, our subsidiary, magnolia health plan (magnolia), was awarded the mississippi division of medicaid contract. under the new contract, magnolia will continue serving the state's coordinated care organization program, which will consist of the mississippi coordinated access network and the mississippi chip. the contract is anticipated to begin in january 2025, subject to the resolution of third-party protests.
•in august 2021, our subsidiaries, carolina complete health and wellcare of north carolina, were selected to coordinate physical and/or other health services with local management entities/managed care organizations under the state's new tailored plans. the tailored plans are integrated health plans designed for individuals with significant behavioral health needs and intellectual/developmental disabilities. the tailored plans are expected to commence no later than july 2024.
•in october 2023, cms issued 2024 medicare advantage star ratings on the medicare plan finder. based on the data, approximately 73% of membership is associated with contracts showing year-over-year unrounded score improvement, and approximately 87% of membership is associated with contracts rated 3.0 stars or better - compared to 53% in the prior year. while we have work to do to improve star scores, this demonstrated the first step towards our multi-year goals.
•the decrease in star quality ratings in the 2023 rating year, which cms published in october 2022, will adversely impact our 2024 medicare revenue. the decrease in star quality ratings is driven by the expiration of certain disaster relief provisions as well as deterioration in select metrics. over the past year, our leadership team launched a multi-year plan to build and improve quality across the enterprise with a strong focus on enhanced patient experience and access to care. as a result of this expectation, we recorded a premium deficiency reserve of $250 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 in connection with the 2024 medicare advantage business.
•in december 2023 and january 2024, we completed the divestitures of operose health and circle health, respectively.
•in june 2023, our subsidiary, magellan health was awarded the idaho behavioral health plan contract. the contract is anticipated to begin in july 2024 for a four-year term.
the benefits of successful execution of our value creation plan have impacted our current results of operations and will continue to impact future results of operations, including the implementation of our new third-party pbm contract, which commenced in january 2024.
table of contents membership from december 31, 2022 to december 31, 2023, our managed care membership increased by 413 thousand, or 2%. the following table sets forth our membership by line of business:
commercial marketplace                                                                             3,900,100                                                                                                   2,076,100
total at-risk membership                                                                          24,701,600                                                                                                  24,229,100
(1)                  membership includes temporary assistance for needy families (tanf), medicaid expansion, children's health insurance program (chip), foster care and behavioral health.
(2)                  membership includes aged, blind or disabled (abd), intellectual and developmental disabilities (idd), long-term services and supports (ltss) and medicare-medicaid plans (mmp) duals.
(3)                  membership includes medicare advantage and medicare supplement.
table of contents results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated statements of operations, which reflect our results of operations for years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (gaap) ($ in millions, except per share data in dollars):
2023                                                                                                              2022                  % change 2022-2023
service                                                                             4,459                     8,348                          (47)        %
premium and service revenues                                                      140,095                   135,479                             3        %
cost of services                                                                    3,564                     7,032                          (49)        %
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                            718                       817                          (12)        %
impairment                                                                            529                     2,318                          (77)        %
n.m.: not meaningful table of contents year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
total revenues total revenues increased 7% in the year ended december 31, 2023, over the corresponding period in 2022 driven by 88% membership growth in the marketplace business due to strong product positioning as well as overall market growth and increased medicaid premium tax revenue. the revenue growth was partially offset by recent divestitures in the other segment.
operating expenses medical costs/hbr the hbr for the year ended december 31, 2023 was 87.7%, compared to 87.7% in 2022. the 2023 hbr was positively impacted by growth in the marketplace business, which runs at a lower hbr, and strong performance from pricing discipline and execution, offset by the $250 million premium deficiency reserve recorded in connection with the 2024 medicare advantage business.
cost of services cost of services decreased by $3.5 billion in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022. the cost of service ratio for the year ended december 31, 2023 was 79.9%, compared to 84.2% in 2022. the decreases were driven by recent divestitures.
selling, general & administrative expenses the sg&a expense ratio was 9.0% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 8.6% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the adjusted sg&a expense ratio was 8.9% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 8.4% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increases were driven by growth in the marketplace business, which operates at a meaningfully higher sg&a ratio as compared to medicaid, along with medicare distribution costs. the increases were partially offset by ongoing sg&a reduction initiatives and continued leveraging of expenses over higher revenues.
impairment during the year ended december 31, 2023, we recorded total impairment charges of $529 million, including a $292 million charge related to assets associated with the divestiture of circle health, a $140 million charge related to the operose health divestiture and additional impairments of $97 million related to our ongoing real estate optimization initiative.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded total impairment charges of $2.3 billion primarily driven by $1.6 billion related to the reduction of our real estate footprint consisting of leased and owned real estate assets and related fixed assets. additionally, we recorded impairment charges associated with the divestitures of our spanish and central european, centurion and healthsmart businesses of $458 million. we also recorded a $233 million impairment charge related to health net federal services business as a result of the department of defense's (dod) december 2022 announcement to not award health net federal services a tricare managed care support contract.
table of contents other income (expense)
the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
investment and other income. investment and other income increased by $114 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to 2022, driven by higher interest rates on larger investment balances, a $93 million gain on the sale of apixio, a $79 million gain on the sale of magellan specialty health and a $15 million gain on the sale of centurion, partially offset by a $75 million realized loss on the sale of investments from rebalancing a portion of our portfolio with a focus on higher interest rate investments, a $22 million reduction to the previously reported gain on the sale of magellan rx and an additional loss on the sale of our spanish and central european businesses of $13 million. the year ended december 31, 2022 included a $490 million gain on the sale of pantherx and a $269 million gain on the sale of magellan rx.
debt extinguishment. in 2022, we repurchased $95 million of our 4.25% senior notes due 2027 and $223 million of our 4.625% senior notes due 2029 through our senior note debt repurchase program, resulting in a gain on extinguishment of $14 million. additionally, we recognized a $13 million gain on the extinguishment of debt related to the refinancing of debt for our circle health subsidiary. the 2022 debt extinguishment also includes an immaterial gain related to the redemption of magellan's outstanding senior notes in january 2022.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2023, we recorded an income tax expense of $899 million on pre-tax earnings of $3.6 billion, or an effective tax rate of 25.0%. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2023 reflects the tax effects of the distribution of long-term stock awards to the estate of the company's former ceo, divestiture gains and losses, lower state taxes and the pending divestiture of circle health. for the year ended december 31, 2023, our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 24.9%.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded income tax expense of $760 million on pre-tax earnings of $2.0 billion, or an effective tax rate of 38.7%, which reflected the tax effects of divestitures and impairments including the magellan rx divestiture gain, the non-deductible impairment of our health net federal services business, and tax impacts related to the reclassification of the magellan specialty health business to held for sale. for the year ended december 31, 2022, our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 25.8%.
table of contents segment results the following table summarizes our consolidated operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2023                                                                                     2022                                 % change 2022-2023
(1)               gross margin represents premium and service revenues less medical costs and cost of services.
medicaid total revenues increased 8% in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022 due to increased premium tax revenue, net rate increases, and expansions and new programs in various states in 2023, including california and north carolina, and the commencement of our contract in delaware, partially offset by medicaid membership redeterminations and pharmacy carve outs in early 2023. gross margin decreased $144 million in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022 primarily driven by acuity shifts due to redeterminations, net of rate actions.
medicare total revenues decreased 1% in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022. gross margin decreased $245 million in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022 driven primarily by the premium deficiency reserve recorded in connection with the 2024 medicare advantage business.
commercial total revenues increased 43% in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022. gross margin increased $1.7 billion in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022. increases were primarily driven by 88% membership growth in the marketplace business, resulting from strong product positioning and overall market growth.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources the following table is a condensed schedule of cash flows used in the discussion of liquidity and capital resources ($ in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                                                             $8,053                          $6,261
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                           (32)                            (11)
cash flows provided by operating activities normal operations are funded primarily through operating cash flows and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. in 2023, operating activities provided cash of $8.1 billion, or 3.0 times net earnings and 2.2 times adjusted net earnings, compared to $6.3 billion in 2022. cash flows provided by operations in 2023 were primarily driven by net earnings, an increase in risk adjustment payable for marketplace and the timing of pass-through payments.
cash flows provided by operations in 2022 were driven by net earnings before the non-cash real estate and divestiture related impairment charges and an increase in medical claims liabilities driven by the timing of claims payments.
cash flows (used in) investing activities investing activities used cash of $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 and $2.9 billion in 2022. cash flows used in investing activities in 2023 primarily consisted of net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries (including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments) and capital expenditures, partially offset by divestiture proceeds.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2022 primarily consisted of the net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries and our acquisition of magellan, partially offset by pantherx and magellan rx divestiture proceeds.
we spent $799 million and $1.0 billion in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, on capital expenditures primarily for system enhancements and computer hardware.
as of december 31, 2023, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of fixed-income securities with a weighted average duration of 3.4 years. we had unregulated cash and investments of $1.0 billion at december 31, 2023, the majority of which was utilized in january 2024 to complete planned pass-through payments. at december 31, 2022, we had unregulated cash and investments of $1.4 billion, the majority of which was utilized in january 2023 to complete planned pass-through payments. unregulated cash and investments include private equity investments and company owned life insurance contracts.
cash flows (used in) financing activities financing activities used cash of $1.7 billion in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to using cash of $4.2 billion in the comparable period in 2022. financing activities in 2023 were driven by stock repurchases of $1.6 billion.
in 2022, financing activities were driven by stock repurchases of $3.0 billion, the redemption of magellan's outstanding debt of $535 million assumed in the transaction using magellan's cash on hand, senior note debt repurchases of $318 million and the repayment of our construction loan.
liquidity metrics we have a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. in 2023, the company's board of directors authorized up to a cumulative total of $10.0 billion of repurchases under the program.
table of contents in 2023, we repurchased a total of 22.9 million shares of common stock for $1.6 billion under the stock repurchase program, primarily funded through divestiture proceeds and free cash flow generated from operations. we have approximately $5.2 billion remaining under the program as of december 31, 2023. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program. we reserve the right to discontinue the repurchase program at any time. refer to note 12. stockholders' equity for further information on stock repurchases.
as of december 31, 2023, we had an aggregate principal amount of $15.7 billion of senior notes issued and outstanding. the indentures governing our various maturities of senior notes contain limited restrictive covenants. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all covenants.
as part of our capital allocation strategy, we may decide to repurchase debt or raise capital through the issuance of debt in the form of senior notes. in 2022, the company's board of directors authorized a $1.0 billion senior note debt repurchase program. no repurchases were made during the year ended december 31, 2023. as of december 31, 2023, there was $700 million available under the senior note debt repurchase program. refer to note 10. debt for further information regarding the issuance and redemption of senior notes.
the credit agreement underlying our revolving credit facility and term loan facility contains customary covenants, as well as financial covenants, including, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum debt to ebitda ratio. our maximum debt to ebitda ratio under the credit agreement may not exceed 4.0 to 1.0. as of december 31, 2023, we had $150 million of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, $2.1 billion of borrowings outstanding under our term loan facility and we were in compliance with all covenants. as of december 31, 2023, there were no limitations on the availability of our revolving credit facility as a result of the debt to ebitda ratio.
we had outstanding letters of credit of $152 million as of december 31, 2023, which were not part of our revolving credit facility. the letters of credit bore weighted interest of 0.7% as of december 31, 2023. in addition, we had outstanding surety bonds of $856 million as of december 31, 2023.
at december 31, 2023, our debt to capital ratio, defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and total equity, was 40.7%, compared to 42.7% at december 31, 2022. the debt to capital ratio decrease was driven by net earnings and other comprehensive earnings, partially offset by stock repurchases in 2023. we utilize the debt to capital ratio as a measure, among others, of our leverage and financial flexibility.
at december 31, 2023, we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of $4.0 billion, compared to $1.7 billion at december 31, 2022. we manage our short-term and long-term investments with the goal of ensuring that a sufficient portion is held in investments that are highly liquid and can be sold to fund short-term requirements as needed.
during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, we received dividends of $2.3 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, from our regulated subsidiaries.
2024 expectations during 2024, we expect to receive net dividends of approximately $3.0 billion from our regulated subsidiaries and expect to spend approximately $640 million in capital expenditures primarily associated with system enhancements.
we have material debt, short-term medical claims, lease and contingencies obligations. refer to note 10. debt, note 8. medical claims liability, note 11. leases and note 17. contingencies, respectively, for further information.
based on our operating plan, we expect that our available cash, cash equivalents and investments, cash from our operations and cash available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to finance our general operations and capital expenditures for at least 12 months from the date of this filing. while we are currently in a strong liquidity position and believe we have adequate access to capital, we may elect to increase borrowings on our revolving credit facility. our long-term liquidity position is stable, with our senior notes maturing between december 2027 and august 2031, and our revolving credit facility maturing in august 2026. from time to time, we may elect to raise additional funds for working capital and other purposes, either through issuance of debt or equity, the sale of investment securities or otherwise, as appropriate. in addition, we may strategically pursue refinancing or redemption opportunities to extend maturities and/or improve terms of our indebtedness if we believe such opportunities are favorable to us.
table of contents our strategic approach is to continue to target initiatives to improve productivity, efficiencies and reduced organizational costs, as well as execute on capital deployment activities, including stock repurchases and the evaluation of portfolio and refinancing opportunities. in addition to creating shareholder value, this approach encompasses a larger organizational mission to enhance our member and provider experience, improve outcomes for our members and to initiate new ways of doing business that make centene a great partner in all aspects of our operations.
table of contents regulatory capital and dividend restrictions our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as managed care organizations (mcos), most of our subsidiaries are subject to state regulations and other requirements that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by each state, and restrict the timing, payment and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to us. generally, the amount of dividend distributions that may be paid by a regulated subsidiary without prior approval by state regulatory authorities is limited based on the entity's level of statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus.
as of december 31, 2023, our subsidiaries had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $18.1 billion, compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirements of $8.3 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we received dividends of $2.3 billion from and made $440 million of capital contributions to our regulated subsidiaries. for our subsidiaries that file with the national association of insurance commissioners (naic), we estimate our risk based capital (rbc) percentage to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level.
under the california knox-keene health care service plan act of 1975, as amended (knox-keene), certain of our california subsidiaries must comply with tangible net equity (tne) requirements. under these knox-keene tne requirements, actual net worth less unsecured receivables and intangible assets must be more than the greater of (i) a fixed minimum amount, (ii) a minimum amount based on premiums or (iii) a minimum amount based on healthcare expenditures, excluding capitated amounts.
under the new york state department of health codes, rules and regulations title 10, part 98, our new york subsidiary must comply with contingent reserve requirements. under these requirements, net worth based upon admitted assets must equal or exceed a minimum amount based on annual net premium income.
the naic has adopted rules which set minimum risk-based capital requirements for insurance companies, mcos and other entities bearing risk for healthcare coverage. as of december 31, 2023, each of our health plans was in compliance with the risk-based capital requirements enacted in those states.
as a result of the above requirements and other regulatory requirements, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to make dividend payments, loans or other transfers of cash to their parent companies. such restrictions, unless amended or waived or unless regulatory approval is granted, limit the use of any cash generated by these subsidiaries to pay our obligations. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid by our insurance company subsidiaries without prior approval of the applicable state insurance departments is subject to restrictions relating to statutory surplus, statutory income and unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2023, the amount of capital and surplus or net worth that was unavailable for the payment of dividends or return of capital to us was $8.3 billion in the aggregate.
table of contents recent accounting pronouncements for this information, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included herein.
critical accounting estimates our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. our accounting policies regarding intangible assets, medical claims liability and revenue recognition are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our management. as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we have reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the audit and compliance committee of our board of directors.
goodwill and intangible assets we have made several acquisitions that have resulted in our recording of intangible assets. these intangible assets primarily consist of purchased contract rights and customer relationships, provider contracts, trade names, developed technologies and goodwill. key assumptions used in the valuation of these intangible assets include, but are not limited to, member attrition rates, contract renewal probabilities, revenue growth rates, expectations of profitability and discount and royalty rates. we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. goodwill is generally attributable to the value of the synergies between the combined companies and the value of the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. at december 31, 2023, we had $17.6 billion of goodwill and $6.1 billion of other intangible assets.
intangible asset                                                 amortization period purchased contract rights and customer relationships                    3 - 21 years provider contracts                                                      4 - 15 years trade names                                                             7 - 20 years developed technologies                                                   2 - 7 years our management evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that may affect the estimated useful life or the recoverability of the remaining balance of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. if the events or circumstances indicate that the remaining balance of the intangible asset or goodwill may be impaired, the potential impairment will be measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount of the intangible asset or goodwill and the fair value of such asset. our management must make assumptions and estimates, such as the discount factor, future utility and other internal and external factors, in determining the estimated fair values. while we believe these assumptions and estimates are appropriate, other assumptions and estimates could be applied and might produce significantly different results.
in the first quarter of 2023, and in conjunction with our updated strategic plan, executive leadership realignment and corresponding 2023 divestitures, we revised the way we manage the business, evaluate performance and allocates resources, resulting in an updated segment structure comprised of (1) a medicaid segment, (2) a medicare segment, (3) a commercial segment and (4) an other segment. as a result of these changes, we reassigned goodwill to the impacted reporting units using a relative fair value allocation approach.
goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter for impairment. in addition, an impairment analysis of intangible assets would be performed based on other factors. these factors include significant changes in membership, financial performance, state funding, medical contracts and provider networks and contracts.
table of contents if a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an entity will record an impairment charge based on that difference. the impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we first assess qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. we generally do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. however, in certain circumstances, such as recent acquisitions, we may elect to perform a quantitative assessment without first assessing qualitative factors.
we do not believe any of our reporting units are currently at risk for impairment.
medical claims liability our medical claims liability includes claims reported but not yet paid, or claims inventory, estimates for claims incurred but not reported (ibnr) and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. we estimate our medical claims liability using actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. these actuarial methods consider factors such as historical data for payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, utilization of healthcare services and other relevant factors.
actuarial standards of practice generally require that the medical claims liability estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions. moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate. the claims amounts ultimately settled will most likely be different than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards of practice. we include in our ibnr an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in our actuarial method of reserving.
we use our judgment to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of the required estimates. the assumptions we consider when estimating ibnr include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, healthcare service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to fee schedules and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims.
we apply various estimation methods depending on the claim type and the period for which claims are being estimated. for more recent periods, incurred non-inpatient claims are estimated based on historical per member per month claims experience adjusted for known factors. incurred hospital inpatient claims are estimated based on known inpatient utilization data and prior claims experience adjusted for known factors. for older periods, we utilize an estimated completion factor based on our historical experience to develop ibnr estimates. the completion factor is an actuarial estimate of the percentage of claims that have been received or adjudicated as of the end of a reporting period relative to the estimate of the total ultimate incurred costs for that same period. when we commence operations in a new state or region, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. see "risk factors - failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows." these approaches are consistently applied to each period presented.
our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as additional claims receipts and payment information becomes available. as more complete claims information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the changes are identified. in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical claims liability estimates associated with previously reported periods. we consistently apply our reserving methodology from period to period. as additional information becomes known to us, we adjust our actuarial models accordingly to establish medical claims liability estimates.
we review actual and anticipated experience compared to the assumptions used to establish medical costs. we establish premium deficiency reserves if actual and anticipated experience indicates that existing policy liabilities together with the present value of future gross premiums will not be sufficient to cover the present value of future benefits, settlement and maintenance costs. for purposes of determining premium deficiencies, contracts are grouped in a manner consistent with the method of acquiring, servicing and measuring the profitability of such contracts and expected investment income is excluded. in december 2023, we recorded a premium deficiency reserve of $250 million related to the 2024 medicare advantage contract year.
table of contents the paid and received completion factors, claims per member per month and per diem cost trend factors are the most significant factors affecting the ibnr estimate. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by changes in these factors based on december 31, 2023 data:
completion factors: (1)                                                                                           cost trend factors: (2)
(decrease) increase                                      increase (decrease) in                                   (decrease) increase                                      increase (decrease) in in factors                                  medical claims liabilities                                            in factors                                  medical claims liabilities
(1)                                                                                                reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in completion factors.
(2)                                                                    reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in cost trend factors for the most recent periods.
while we believe our estimates are appropriate, it is possible future events could require us to make significant adjustments for revisions to these estimates. for example, a 1% increase or decrease in our estimated medical claims liability would have affected net earnings by $135 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, excluding the effect of any return of premium, risk corridor or minimum medical loss ratio (mlr) programs. the estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our providers and information available from other outside sources.
the change in medical claims liability is summarized as follows (in millions):
(1)                     days in claims payable is a calculation of medical claims liability at the end of the period divided by average expense per calendar day for the fourth quarter of each year.
table of contents medical claims are usually paid within a few months of the member receiving service from the physician or other healthcare provider. as a result, the liability generally is described as having a "short-tail," which causes less than 10% of our medical claims liability as of the end of any given year to be outstanding the following year. we believe that substantially all the development of the estimate of medical claims liability as of december 31, 2023 will be known by the end of 2024.
changes in estimates of incurred claims for prior years are primarily attributable to reserving under moderately adverse conditions. additionally, as a result of minimum hbr and other return of premium programs, approximately $382 million, $198 million and $492 million of the "incurred related to: prior years" was recorded as a reduction to premium revenues in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. further, claims processing and coordination of benefits initiatives yielded claim payment recoveries related to dates of service from prior years. changes in medical utilization and cost trends and the effect of population health management initiatives may also contribute to changes in medical claim liability estimates. while we have evidence that population health management initiatives are effective on a case by case basis, these initiatives primarily focus on events and behaviors prior to the incurrence of the medical event and generation of a claim. accordingly, any change in behavior, leveling of care or coordination of treatment occurs prior to claim generation and as a result, the costs prior to the population health management initiative are not known by us. additionally, certain population health management initiatives are focused on member and provider education with the intent of influencing behavior to appropriately align the medical services provided with the member's acuity. in these cases, determining whether the population health management initiative changed the behavior cannot be determined. because of the complexity of our business, the number of states in which we operate and the volume of claims that we process, we are unable to practically quantify the impact of these initiatives on our changes in estimates of ibnr.
the following are examples of population health management initiatives that may have contributed to the favorable development through lower medical utilization and cost trends:
•appropriate leveling of care for neonatal intensive care unit hospital admissions, other inpatient hospital admissions and observation admissions, in accordance with interqual or other evidence-based criteria or clinical policy.
•management of our pre-authorization list, monitoring for over-utilized services and stringent review of durable medical equipment and injectables.
•emergency department programs designed to collaboratively work with hospitals and members to steer non-emergent care to a more appropriate and cost effective setting (through patient education, on-site alternative urgent care settings, etc.).
•increased emphasis on care management and clinical rounding where nurse or social worker care managers assist selected high-risk members with the coordination of healthcare services in order to meet a patient's specific healthcare needs.
•incorporation of disease management, which is a comprehensive, multidisciplinary, collaborative approach to chronic illnesses such as asthma.
•prenatal and infant health programs.
revenue recognition our health plans generate revenues primarily from premiums received from the states in which we operate health plans, premiums received from our members and cms for our medicare product and premiums from members of our commercial health plans. in addition to member premium payments, our marketplace contracts also generate revenues from subsidies received from cms. we generally receive a fixed premium per member per month pursuant to our contracts and recognize premium revenues during the period in which we are obligated to provide services to our members at the amount reasonably estimable. in some instances, our base premiums are subject to an adjustment, in the form of a risk score or risk adjustment, based on the acuity of our membership. generally, the risk score or risk adjustment is determined by the state or cms analyzing submissions of processed claims and medical record data to determine the acuity of our membership, often relative to the respective program's membership. we estimate the amount of risk score and risk adjustment based upon the processed claims and medical record data submitted and expected to be submitted to the state or cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis. some contracts allow for additional premiums related to certain supplemental services provided such as maternity deliveries.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share cost-savings in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, including commercial plans, our plans may be required to return premium to the state or policyholders in the event costs are below established levels. we estimate the effect of these programs and recognize reductions in revenue in the current period. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to receive additional or full contractual revenue. for performance-based contracts, we do not recognize revenue subject to refund until data is sufficient to measure performance.
table of contents revenues are recorded based on membership and eligibility data provided by the states or cms, which is adjusted on a monthly basis by the states or cms for retroactive additions or deletions to membership data. these eligibility adjustments are estimated monthly and subsequent adjustments are made in the period known. we continuously review and update those estimates as new information becomes available. it is possible that new information could require us to make additional adjustments, which could be significant, to these estimates.
our medicare advantage contracts are with cms. cms deploys a risk adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to all health plans according to health severity and certain demographic factors. the cms risk adjustment model pays more for members whose medical history would indicate that they are expected to have higher medical costs. under this risk adjustment methodology, cms calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, physician treatment settings as well as prescription drug events. we and the healthcare providers collect, compile and submit the necessary and available diagnosis data to cms within prescribed deadlines. we estimate risk adjustment revenues based upon the diagnosis data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis.
for qualifying low-income prescription drug benefit members, cms pays for some, or all, of the member's monthly premium. we receive certain part d prospective subsidy payments from cms for these members as a fixed monthly per member amount, based on the estimated costs of providing prescription drug benefits over the plan year, as reflected in our bids. approximately nine to ten months subsequent to the end of the plan year, or later in the case of the coverage gap discount subsidy, a settlement payment is made between cms and our plans based on the difference between the prospective payments and actual claims experience.
our specialty companies generate revenues under contracts with state and federal programs, healthcare organizations and other commercial organizations and from our own subsidiaries. revenues are recognized when the related services are provided or as ratably earned over the covered period of services. for performance-based measures in our contracts, revenue is recognized as data sufficient to measure performance is available. we recognize revenue related to administrative services under the tricare government-sponsored managed care support contract for the dod's tricare program on a straight-line basis over the option period, when the fees become fixed and determinable. the tricare contract includes various performance-based measures. for each of the measures, an estimate of the amount that has been earned is made at each interim date, and revenue is recognized accordingly.
some states enact premium taxes, similar assessments and provider pass-through payments, collectively premium taxes, and these taxes are recorded as a separate component of both revenues and operating expenses. for certain products, premium taxes and state assessments are not pass-through payments and are recorded as premium revenue and premium tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
some states require state directed payments that have minimal risk, but are administered as a premium adjustment. these payments are recorded as premium revenue and medical costs at close to a 100% hbr. in many instances, we have little visibility to the timing of these payments until they are paid by the state.