item 1a.risk factors.
the following risks are considered material to our business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. this discussion of risk factors should be considered closely in conjunction with the md&a, including the risks and uncertainties described in the forward-looking statements, and the notes to consolidated financial statements. these risk factors and other forward-looking statements relate to future events, expectations, trends, and operating periods. they involve certain factors that are subject to change and important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular lines of business, while others could affect all our businesses. although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. the risks described in this annual report on form 10-k and the forward-looking statements in this report are not the only risks faced by us.
strategic risks we may face risks associated with international, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies, and government farm programs and policies which could significantly impair our profitability and growth prospects.
international, national, and regional laws, regulations, and policies directly or indirectly related to or restricting the import and export of our products, services, and technology, or those of our customers, or for the benefit of favored industries or sectors, could harm our global business. we are subject to various regulatory risks including, but not limited to, the following:
●   restricted access to global markets could impair our ability to export goods and services from various manufacturing locations around the world. restricted access could limit the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis. for example, expanding export controls or limits on foreign investment can impact global supply of key materials and components, and actions taken within the us-china trade conflict can impact business in china, as well as sales, import/exports, and/or business engagement with chinese entities globally.
●   trade restrictions, negotiation of new trade agreements, non-tariff trade barriers, local content requirements, and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products, including developments in u.s.-china trade relations, export control and sanctions against russia, have limited, and could continue to limit, our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets. these trade restrictions, and changes in, or uncertainty surrounding global trade policies, may affect our competitive position.
●   trade restrictions could impede those in developing countries from achieving a higher standard of living, which could negatively impact our future growth opportunities arising from increasing global demand for food, fuel, and infrastructure.
●   policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices, or those limiting the export or import of commodities, could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural and other commodities that may result in a corresponding negative effect on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment in many areas of the world. our agricultural equipment sales could be harmed by such policies because farm income influences sales of agricultural equipment around the world.
●   changes in government farm programs and policies can influence demand for agricultural equipment as well as create unequal competition for multinational companies relative to domestic companies.
we may be unable to manage increasing political, economic, and social uncertainty in certain regions of the world, which could significantly change the dynamics of our competition, customer base, and product offerings globally.
efforts to grow our businesses depend in part upon access and developing market share and profitability in additional geographic markets, including, but not limited to, argentina, brazil, china, india, and south africa. there are various risks associated with our global footprint, including, but not limited to, the following:
●   in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, and differing customer product preferences and requirements than our other markets. in fiscal year 2023, as a result of the war in ukraine, we suspended shipments of machines and service parts to russia. the suspension of shipments to russia reduced actual and forecasted revenue for the region and resulted in impairments of most long-lived assets, among other impacts. in addition, we initiated a voluntary separation program for employees in russia in the third quarter of fiscal year 2022.
●   having business operations in various regions and countries exposes us to multiple and potentially conflicting business practices and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change. these practices and legal requirements are often complex and difficult to navigate, including those related to tariffs and trade regulations, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, repatriation of earnings, and advanced technologies.
●   expanding business operations globally also increases exposure to currency fluctuations, which can materially affect our financial results.
●   while we maintain a positive corporate image and our brands are widely recognized and valued in our traditional markets, the brands are less known in some emerging markets, which could impede our efforts to successfully compete in these markets.
●   changing u.s. export controls and sanctions on various foreign countries and on various parties could affect our ability to collect receivables, provide aftermarket warranty support for our equipment, sell products, and otherwise impact our reputation and business.
we may be impacted by general negative economic conditions and outlook, causing weakened demand for our equipment and services, limiting access to funding, and resulting in higher funding costs.
the demand for our products and services depends on the fundamentals in the markets in which we operate and can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment, high interest rates, cautious consumer spending, inflation, lower corporate earnings, and lower business investment. negative or uncertain economic conditions that cause our customers to lack confidence in the general economic outlook can significantly reduce their likelihood of purchasing our equipment. these economic events adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our operations.
sustained general negative economic conditions and outlook also affect housing starts, energy prices and demand, and other construction, which dampens demand for certain construction equipment. our turf operations and our construction and forestry segments are dependent on construction activity and have also been affected by recent adverse economic conditions. decreases in construction activity and housing starts could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
if negative economic conditions affect the overall farm economy, there could be a similar effect on our agricultural equipment sales. uncertain or negative outlook with respect to pervasive u.s. fiscal issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook, such as market volatility and continuing interest rate increases by the federal reserve, have caused and could continue to cause significant changes in market liquidity conditions. such changes could impact access to funding and associated funding costs, which could reduce our earnings and cash flows.
we may be affected by changing worldwide demand for food and different forms of renewable energy, which could impact the price of farm commodities and consequently the demand for our equipment. this could result in higher research and development costs related to changing machine fuel requirements.
changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world's growing food and renewable energy demands, driven in part by government policies, including those related to climate change, and a growing world population, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which directly affect sales of agricultural equipment. lower agricultural commodity prices directly affect farm incomes, which could negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment and result in higher credit losses. while higher commodity prices benefit our crop-producing agricultural equipment customers, they could result in greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers, which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment purchased by these customers. in addition, changing energy renewable demands may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they raise, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. finally, changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for our diesel-fueled equipment, and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our smart industrial operating model and leap ambitions.
failure to realize the anticipated benefits of our smart industrial operating model and related business strategies in production systems, precision technologies, and aftermarket support could adversely affect results of our operations and financial condition. several factors could impact our ability to successfully execute our smart industrial operating model, including, among other things:
●   failure to accurately assess market opportunities and the technology required to address such opportunities;
●   failure to develop and introduce new technologies or lack of adoption of such technologies by our customers;
●   failure to optimize our capital allocation in connection with the smart industrial operating model.
similarly, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our leap ambitions and related goals within the expected timelines, or at all. as part of our leap ambitions we adopted various goals we expect to achieve by 2026 or 2030. we may not be able to achieve these goals for a variety reasons, some of which may be beyond our control. examples include:
●   our estimates and assumptions related to efficiency of our products and the adoption of precision technology may not be accurate;
●   the actual or perceived failure to achieve our leap ambitions could negatively impact our ability to execute the smart industrial operating model.
we may not realize all anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected.
from time to time, we make strategic acquisitions and divestitures and participate in joint ventures. acquisitions and joint ventures we have entered, or may enter in the future, may involve significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions or joint ventures do not advance our business strategy, or fail to produce satisfactory returns on investment. other risks include:
●   we may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, managing strategic investments, assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of our businesses, and/or combining business cultures;
●   we may choose not to fully integrate businesses and may face regulatory or compliance exposure until appropriate processes and controls are put in place;
●   integrating acquisitions is often costly and may require significant attention from management and personnel;
●   we may not realize all the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, or the realized benefits may be significantly delayed; and
●   due diligence evaluations of potential transactions include business, legal, and financial reviews with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved. these due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential risks of a particular acquisition or joint venture, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target's or joint venture partner's previous activities or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's or joint venture's products or services.
we may also decide to divest businesses if in the best interests of our shareholders and joint ventures may be terminated at or before their stated expiration. for example, in march and october 2023, we sold our financial services and roadbuilding businesses in russia following the outbreak of the war in ukraine. divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may involve significant challenges and risks, including failure to advance our business strategy, costs or disruptions to us, and negative effects on our product offerings, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. divestitures of businesses and dissolutions of joint ventures may result in ongoing financial or legal involvement in the divested business through indemnifications or other financial arrangements, such as retained liabilities, which could affect our future financial results.
our ability to understand our customers' preferences and requirements and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand could significantly affect our business results.
our ability to match new product offerings to global customers' preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to our success. this requires a thorough understanding of our existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in growth markets such as argentina, brazil, and india. failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices could have an adverse effect on our business.
in addition, customer preferences in the markets we serve are changing as a result of ongoing social and regulatory focus on sustainability as these markets transition to less carbon-intensive business models. as regulations and social pressure drive change, we must continue to proactively monitor trends and develop alternatives and enhancements that elevate and complement our product offerings. for example, even though we plan to offer electric, hybrid-electric, and battery electric equipment solutions, we may be unable to keep up with the rising demand for electric agriculture, turf, and construction equipment.
the development of alternative farming techniques, carbon sequestration technologies, and new low-carbon biofuels are changing farmers' business models and equipment needs. if we fail to continue to develop or invest in emerging technologies to meet changing customer demands, we will be at risk of losing potential sources of revenue, which could affect our future financial results.
if we are unable to deliver precision technology and agricultural solutions to our customers, it could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. customers continue to adopt technology integrated in our portfolio of "smart" machines, systems, and solutions. we expect this trend to persist for the foreseeable future. to create and maintain a competitive differentiation, we need to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for our customers. we may make significant investments in research and development, connectivity solutions, digital security for precision technology solutions, and dealer and employee training. these investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. we utilize automation and machine learning and intelligence in some of our products. while the use of these emerging technologies can present significant benefits, it also creates risks and challenges. data sourcing, technology, integration and process issues, program bias into decision-making algorithms, security problems, and the protection of privacy could impair the adoption and acceptance of autonomous machine solutions. if the output from these solutions is deemed to be inaccurate or questionable, our brand and reputation may be harmed and we may be subject to legal liability claims. automation and machine learning and intelligence may also become the subject of local, state, federal, and foreign regulatory efforts limiting the features and capabilities of the technology. if we are not able to deliver precision technology solutions with differentiated features and functionality, or these solutions are not effective, customers may not adopt technology solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business.
we could be impacted by changes to or reallocation of radio frequency (rf) bands which could disrupt or degrade the reliability of our high precision augmented global positioning system (gps) or other rf technology, which could impair our ability to develop and market gps- and rf-based technology solutions, as well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers' profitability.
our current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems, as well as our fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the use of rf signals. these signals include, but are not limited to, gps signals, other gps-like satellite signals, augmented gps services, and other rf technologies that link equipment, operations, owners, dealers, and technicians. these radio services depend on frequency allocations governed by international and national government agencies. any international or national reallocation of frequency bands, including frequency bands segmentation and band spectrum sharing, or other modifications concerning the regulation of frequency bands, could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of our gps-based products, which could negatively affect our ability to develop and market gps-based technology solutions.
in addition, disruptions with gps signals or the failure of telecommunications network operators to supply the bandwidth we need to support our products could interfere with the speed, availability, and usability of our equipment and services. if these gps signals or rf signals become unavailable, our customers could be unable to use their equipment indefinitely. for our agricultural customers, this could result in lower crop yields, decreased operational efficiency, and higher equipment maintenance, seed, fertilizer, fuel, and wage costs. for construction customers, this could result in higher fuel and equipment maintenance costs, as well as lower construction design and project management efficiencies. these cost increases could significantly reduce customers' profitability, sustainability, and demand for our products. as a result, our sales and revenue could significantly decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our business.
our ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
we compete in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets with other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. in addition, our industry is attracting non-traditional competitors, including technology-focused companies and start-up ventures. we compete on product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, sustainability, customer service, and price. aggressive pricing or other strategies of competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, or our failure to price products competitively could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
we rely on a network of independent dealers to manage the distribution of our products and services. if dealers are unsuccessful with their sales and business operations, it could have an adverse effect on our overall sales and revenue.
we rely on the capability of our dealers to develop and implement effective sales plans to create demand among purchasers for the equipment and related products and services that dealers purchase from us. if our dealers are unsuccessful in these endeavors, we will be unable to grow our sales and revenue, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
in addition, the dealer channel's ability to support and service precision technology solutions and emerging power solutions may affect customers' acceptance and adoption rates of these products. the unavailability of specialized technicians to service our equipment may result in overburdening dealers' servicing capacity.
dealers may have trouble funding their day-to-day cash flow needs and paying their obligations due to adverse business conditions resulting from negative economic effects or other factors. dealers may exit or we may seek to terminate relationships with certain dealers if they are unable to meet customer needs. the unplanned loss of any of our dealers could lead to inadequate market coverage, negative customer impressions, and may adversely impact our ability to collect receivables that are associated with that dealer.
environmental, climate, and weather risks unfavorable weather conditions or natural catastrophes that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment could directly and indirectly affect our business.
the purchasing decisions of our customers, particularly the purchasers of agriculture and turf equipment, can be significantly affected by poor or unusual weather conditions. such conditions include:
●   insufficient levels of rain, which prevent farmers from planting new crops and may cause growing crops to die or result in lower yields;
●   excessive rain or flooding can prevent planting from occurring at optimal times and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mold growth;
●   natural disasters such as regional floods, hurricanes or other storms, droughts, diseases, wildfires, and pests, either as a physical effect of climate change or otherwise, which have had, and could in the future have, significant negative effects on agricultural and livestock production;
●   adverse weather conditions in a particular geographic region, particularly during the important spring selling season; and
●   drought conditions can adversely affect sales of certain mowing equipment and can similarly cause lower sales volume.
each of these conditions could have a negative impact on farm income which can affect demand for agricultural equipment and the financial condition and credit risk of our dealers and customers.
governmental actions designed to address climate change based on the emergence of new technologies and business models in connection with the transition to a lower-carbon economy could adversely affect john deere and our customers.
there is global scientific consensus that greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the global climate. these considerations have led to new international, national, regional, and local legislative and regulatory responses. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders, and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, including us, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions. the regulation of ghg emissions from certain stationary or mobile sources or the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms could result in additional costs to us in the form of taxes or emission allowances, required facilities improvements, and increased energy costs. these results would increase our operating costs through higher utility, transportation, and materials cost and could prevent us from selling products into certain markets. increased input costs, such as fuel and fertilizer, and compliance-related costs could also affect customer operations and demand for our equipment.
further, our financial services segment is subject to additional international and national european regulations relating to climate and environmental risk, which are continually evolving and could affect the financing operations and climate-risk processes developed by the segment. regulators in europe and the u.s. have also focused efforts on increased disclosure related to climate change and mitigation efforts. the eu recently adopted the european sustainability reporting standards (esrs) and the corporate sustainability reporting directive (csrd) that will impose disclosure of the risks and opportunities arising from social and environmental issues, and on the impact of companies' activities on people and the environment. the csrd will need to be transposed into member state law before it becomes effective, which is expected to occur in 2024. similarly, the state of california recently passed the climate corporate data accountability act and the climate-related financial risk act that will impose broad climate-related disclosure obligations on certain companies doing business in california, including us, starting in 2026. the sec has included in its regulatory agenda potential rulemaking on climate change disclosures that, if adopted, could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity.
increasingly stringent engine emission regulations or bans on internal combustion engines may impact our ability to manufacture and distribute certain engines or equipment, which could negatively affect business results.
our equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction regulations throughout the world, including the european union's stage v standard, which limits the amount of certain substances in exhaust gases that off-road engines can emit into the environment. governmental agencies throughout the world are enacting more stringent laws and regulations to reduce off-road engine emissions. these laws and regulations are applicable to engines we manufacture, including those used in agriculture and cf equipment.
we have incurred, and continue to incur, substantial research and development costs related to the implementation of these more rigorous laws and regulations. while we have developed and are executing comprehensive plans to meet these requirements, these plans are subject to variables that could delay or otherwise affect our ability to manufacture and distribute certain equipment or engines, which could negatively impact business results. additionally, in certain locations governments have banned, or may in the future ban, internal combustion engines for some types of products completely. to the extent these bans affect products manufactured and sold by us, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected.
financial risks changes in government banking, monetary, and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on us.
policies of the u.s. and other governments regarding banking, monetary, and fiscal policies intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilize financial markets, and/or address local deficit or structural economic issues could have a material impact on our customers and markets. central bank policy interest rates continued to increase in fiscal year 2023. most of our retail receivables are fixed rate, while wholesale financing receivables are variable rate. we have both fixed and variable rate borrowings. historically, rising interest rates impact our borrowings sooner than the benefit is realized from the financing receivable and equipment on operating lease portfolios.
our operations and results could also be affected by financial regulatory reform that could, among other things, have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on our customers by limiting their ability to enter hedging transactions or to finance purchases of our products. government policies on spending can also affect us, especially the cf segment, due to the impact of government spending on infrastructure development. our operations, including those outside of the u.s., may also be affected by non-u.s. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-u.s. financial institutions and markets.
changes in tax rates, tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a negative effect on our business.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. our effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretations. if our effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of taxes owed is for an amount more than amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars while certain assets and other reported items are denominated in foreign currencies, creating currency exchange and translation risk.
we are a global company with transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn our revenues.
additionally, the reporting currency for our consolidated financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of our assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are denominated in other countries' currencies, which are then translated into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates and reported in our consolidated financial statements. therefore, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affect the value of those items as reflected in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value remains unchanged in the original currencies. while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego any benefits that may result from favorable fluctuations in such rates. in argentina, we have employed mechanisms to convert argentine pesos into u.s. dollars to the extent possible. these mechanisms are short-term in nature, leaving us exposed to long-term currency fluctuations.
changes in interest rates or market liquidity conditions could adversely affect our financials and our earnings and/or cash flows.
central bank policy interest rates continued to increase in fiscal year 2023. rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for our equipment and customers' ability to repay their obligations to us. rising interest rates may cause credit market
dislocations, that can impact funding costs, which can affect the financial services segment's ability to offer customers competitive financing rates. while we strive to match the interest rate characteristics of our financial assets and liabilities, changing interest rates have had an adverse effect on our net interest rate margin-the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rates we pay for funding, which has affected our net interest income and earnings.
in addition, actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for us and can increase our costs of capital and hurt our competitive position.
because the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of our sales worldwide, negative economic conditions in the financial industry could materially impact our operations and financial results.
negative economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the financial industry in which the financial services segment operates. the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of our sales worldwide. the financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers and others will default on contractual obligations and may experience credit losses that exceed our expectations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. the financial services segment's inability to access funds at cost-effective rates to support our financing activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. the financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. additionally, negative market conditions could reduce customer confidence levels, resulting in declines in credit applications and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could materially impact the financial services segment's write-offs and provision for credit losses. the financial services segment may also experience residual value losses that exceed our expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment and higher-than-expected equipment returns at lease maturity.
we may sustain increases in funding obligations under our pension plans which may impair our liquidity or financial condition.
we maintain certain defined benefit pension plans for certain employees, which impose funding obligations. we use various assumptions in calculating our future payment obligations under these plans. significant adverse changes in credit or market conditions could result in actual rates of return on pension investments being lower than expected. regulatory changes could cause a deterioration in the statutory funded status of our plans. we may be required to make significant contributions to our pension plans in the future. these factors could significantly increase our payment obligations under the plans and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
manufacturing and operational risks we may be unable to accurately forecast customer demand for products and services, and to adequately manage inventory, which could adversely affect our operating results.
to ensure adequate inventory supply, we must forecast inventory needs and expenses and place orders sufficiently in advance with suppliers and contract manufacturers. these forecasts are based on estimates of future demand for products and services. failure to accurately forecast our needs may result in unmet market demand, parts shortages, manufacturing delays, increased costs, or excess inventory. in fiscal year 2022, supply chain disruptions resulted in higher inventory levels. although production schedules in fiscal year 2023 were more aligned with the customers' seasonal use of our products, marking a return to historical seasonal production patterns, our ability to accurately forecast demand in the future could be affected by many factors, including changes in customer demand for our products and services, changes in demand for the products and services of competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions, and the weakening of economic conditions or customer confidence in future economic conditions. if the forecasts used to manage inventory are not accurate, we may experience excess inventory levels, shortage of available products, or reduced manufacturing efficiencies.
changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions to the supply chain causing production disruptions, increased costs, and lower profits on sales of our products.
we require access to various raw materials, components, and whole goods at competitive prices to manufacture and distribute our products. the price and availability of these materials have varied significantly in the last 36 months. for example, in fiscal year 2022, supply chain disruptions impacted many aspects of our business, including receiving past due deliveries from suppliers, parts availability, increased production costs, and higher inventory levels. we experienced supply chain improvements in fiscal year 2023 with a return to normal in the second half of the fiscal year.
while we have seen stabilization in the supply chain and some commodity pricing improvements, we anticipate potential fluctuations due to inflation, geopolitical and economic uncertainty, and regulatory and policy instability, including import tariffs and trade agreements. the latter have the potential to significantly increase production and logistics costs and have a material negative effect on the profitability of the business, particularly if we are unable to recover the increased costs due to market considerations or other
factors. we have experienced changes in the availability and prices of these raw materials, components, whole goods, and freight over the past several years, especially in fiscal years 2021 and 2022.global logistics network challenges resulted in delays, shortages of key manufacturing components, increased order backlogs, increased transportation costs, and production inefficiencies from a higher number of partially completed machines in inventory, which increased our overall production and overhead costs. increases in such costs have had an adverse effect on our business operations.
we rely on our suppliers to acquire the raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture their products. significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole goods have and could continue to adversely affect our ability to meet commitments to our customers. in addition, certain materials and components used in our products are acquired from a single supplier or are proprietary in nature and cannot be alternatively sourced expeditiously. furthermore, if our customers are unwilling to accept price increases for our products, or if we are unable to offset the increases in costs, raw material costs or shortages could have a material adverse effect on our operational or financial results.
disputes with labor unions may adversely affect our ability to operate in our facilities as well as impact our financial results.
many of our production and maintenance employees are represented by labor unions under various collective bargaining agreements with different expiration dates. our failure to successfully renegotiate labor agreements as they expire has from time to time led, and could in the future lead, to work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions. for example, the uaw initiated a labor strike that had an adverse effect on our results of operations in fiscal 2022 because of reduced productions and shipments. certain of our labor agreements expire as early as 2024. disruptions to our manufacturing and parts-distribution facilities through various forms of labor disputes could adversely affect us. any strike, work stoppage, or other dispute with a labor union distracts management from operating the business, may displace employees from ordinary job positions to fill in vacant positions, may affect our reputation, and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our business may suffer if our equipment fails to perform as expected.
if our equipment does not perform as expected, we may receive warranty claims and have to perform post-sales repairs or recalls. we may also be subject to regulatory requirements and penalties that will impact our ability to develop, market, and sell equipment. this may result in product delivery delays. it could also lead to product liability, breach of warranty, and consumer protection claims. these claims and warranty expenses could be significant. as a manufacturer of equipment, we must manage the cost and risk associated with product warranties, post-sale repairs and recalls, regulatory penalties, and product liability, breach of warranty, and consumer protection claims with respect to our products. in addition to post-sale repairs or recalls initiated by us for various reasons, investigations into our products by government regulators may compel us to initiate product recalls or may result in negative public perceptions about the safety of our products, even if we disagree with the regulator's determination. such post-sale repairs or recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary, could result in significant expense, supply chain complications, and may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.
resources risks our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect our ability to execute our strategy.
our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and attract qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience as well as our ability to develop, engage, and retain qualified employees. failure to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, whether as a result of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new employees, or inadequate resources to train, integrate, and retain qualified employees, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. in addition, while we strive to reduce the impact of the departure of employees, our operations or ability to execute our business strategy and meet our business objectives may be affected by the loss of employees, particularly when departures involve larger numbers of employees, such as those we could experience if a surge occurs in the number of employees voluntarily leaving their jobs. higher rates of employee separations may adversely affect us through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge of departing employees, and the devotion of resources to recruiting and onboarding new employees.
security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and could compromise our information as well as information of our employees, customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing us to liability that could cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of our equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. we use information technology systems to record, process, and
summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements.
additionally, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and the proprietary business information of our customers, suppliers, and dealers, as well as personally identifiable information of our customers and employees in data centers which are often owned by third parties and on information technology networks. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our business operations and strategy.
despite security measures, including a vulnerability disclosure program, and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to intrusion, damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, employees', suppliers', or dealers' error or malfeasance, supply chain compromise, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other events. although we have not suffered any significant cyber incidents that resulted in material business impact, we have from time to time been the target of malicious cyber threat actors. the occurrence of any significant event could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, obtained, publicly disclosed, lost, altered, misused, or stolen. any such access, disclosure, alteration, misuse, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, government investigations, liability or regulatory penalties, disruption or shut down of our operations, and damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. furthermore, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, we may need to invest additional resources to protect information security.
any unauthorized control or manipulation of our products' systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our products.
some of our products include connectivity hardware and software typically used for remote system updates. while we have implemented security measures intended to protect against unauthorized remote access to these products, malicious threat actors have attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to such products in order to gain control of the products, change the products' functionality, user interface, or performance characteristics, interfere with the products' operations, or gain access to data stored in or generated by the products or to systems to which they connect. in addition, reports of unauthorized access to our products, systems, and data, regardless of their reliability, may result in the perception that the products, systems, or data are vulnerable to malicious or unauthorized modifications. any unauthorized access to or control of our products or systems, any loss of data, or any perception that products, systems, or data are vulnerable could result in legal claims or proceedings against us, government investigations, liability, or regulatory penalties, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our business could be adversely affected by the infringement or loss of intellectual property rights.
we protect our intellectual property with a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and legal agreements. we heavily rely on certain trademarks to protect our identity and customer recognition of our products and services, including, but not limited to, the "john deere" mark, the leaping deer logo, the "nothing runs like a deere" slogan, and the green and yellow color combination. these trademarks, as well as the many patents that protect innovations used in our products, are integral to our business, and their loss could have a material adverse effect on us.
additionally, third parties may initiate legal proceedings to challenge the validity of our intellectual property or allege that we infringe on their intellectual property. we may incur substantial costs if third parties initiate such legal proceedings, or if we initiate legal proceedings to protect or enforce our intellectual property. if the outcome of any such legal proceedings is unfavorable to us, our business could be adversely affected.
legal and compliance risks our global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, the violation of which could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse effects.
we are subject to numerous international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently changing, and subject to varying interpretations. these laws and regulations cover a variety of subjects, including advertising, anti-money laundering, antitrust, consumer finance, environmental, climate-related, health and safety, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, foreign ownership and investment, import/export and trade, human rights, labor and employment, product liability reporting, cybersecurity, data privacy, telematics, and connectivity.
these laws may vary substantially within the different markets in which we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations is expensive and may further increase the cost of conducting our global operations. in addition, we must comply with the u.s. foreign
corrupt practices act and all applicable foreign anti-corruption laws, including the u.k. bribery act. these laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage, regardless of whether those practices are culturally expected in a particular jurisdiction. although we have a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. violations of these laws and regulations could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.
changes to existing laws and regulations, or changes to how they are interpreted, or the implementation of new, more stringent laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business by increasing compliance costs, limiting our ability to offer a product or service, requiring changes to our business practices, or otherwise making our products and services less attractive to customers. legislative and regulatory changes, and other actions that could potentially affect our business may be announced with little or no advance notice and we may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse effects from such measures.
we are subject to governmental laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection. any inability or perceived inability of addressing these requirements could adversely affect our business.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. we collect personal information and other data as integral parts of our business processes and activities. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the eu, china, canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where we conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr), the california consumer privacy act, and the china personal information protection law, among others, impose stringent data protection requirements and provide significant penalties for noncompliance. new privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world in the future. any inability or perceived inability to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns (even if unfounded), or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations (including at newly acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business.
legal proceedings and disputes in which we are, and may in the future be, involved could harm our business, financial condition, reputation, and brand.
we routinely are a party to claims and legal actions incidental to our business. these include claims for personal injury or property by users of our equipment, environmental, health, and safety claims, disputes with distributors, vendors and others with respect to commercial matters, and disputes with taxing and other governmental authorities regarding the conduct of our business. the defense of lawsuits and government inquiries or investigations has resulted and may result in expenditures of significant financial resources and the diversion of management's time and attention away from business operations.
we are currently subject to a consolidated multidistrict class action lawsuit in the northern district of illinois alleging that we have engaged in attempted monopolization, exclusionary conduct, and restraint of the market for repair services for john deere brand agricultural equipment by limiting repair resources only to our authorized technicians or independent authorized john deere dealers. in addition, the federal trade commission (ftc) is investigating whether we have violated laws in connection with the repair of john deere brand agriculture equipment, as well as our information security practices and statements as they relate to the risk of unauthorized access to our computer systems, products, and services. we are fully cooperating with the ftc. we are currently unable to predict the outcome of these matters. the development and resolution of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial results.
general risks our reputation and brand could be damaged by negative publicity.
our brand has worldwide recognition and significantly contributes to the success of our business. our reputation is critical to growing our customer base. our brand depends on the ability to maintain a positive customer perception of the business, including the core values of integrity, quality, innovation, and commitment. negative claims or publicity involving us, our products or services, our culture and values, our stance on environmental, social, and governance topics, customer data, or any of our key employees or suppliers, could damage our reputation and brand image, regardless of whether such claims are accurate. in addition, our stance on environmental, social, and governance topics damage to our reputation could adversely impact the ability to attract new and maintain existing customers, employees, dealers, and business relationships. for example, we have been the subject of negative media articles relating to our customers' right to maintain and safely repair their equipment.
additionally, negative or inaccurate postings, articles, or comments on social media and the internet about us could generate negative publicity that could damage the reputation of our brand. further, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us, or legal proceedings initiated by us, could also damage our reputation and brand image, undermine customer confidence, and reduce long-term demand for equipment, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. if the reputation, culture, or image of our brands are damaged, or we receive negative publicity, then our sales, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
unexpected events have increased and may in the future increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations.
the occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics (such as the covid pandemic), civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other forms of severe weather in the united states or in other countries in which we operate, or in which our suppliers are located, have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our operations and financial performance. such events have caused and could cause complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruptions in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, and disruption and delay in the transport of products to dealers, end-users, and distribution centers. existing insurance coverage may not provide protection from all the costs that may arise from such events.
the potential physical impacts of climate change on our facilities, suppliers, and customers, and therefore on our operations, are highly uncertain and will be particular to the circumstances developing in various geographic regions. these potential physical effects may adversely affect the demand for our products and the cost, production, sales, and financial performance of our operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis."