item 1a.       risk factors each of the registrants operates in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond that registrant's direct control. such risks, which could negatively affect one or more of the registrants' consolidated financial statements, are captured below. although the risks are generally organized by category and separately described, many of these risks are interrelated. additionally, the risks should be considered holistically with other information included in this filing and future filings with the sec.
risks related to market and financial factors primarily include:
•the demand for electricity, reliability of service, and affordability in the markets where the utility registrants conduct their business,
•the ability of the utility registrants to operate their respective transmission and distribution assets, their ability to access capital markets, and the impacts on their results of operations, financial condition or liquidity/cash flows due to public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, and
•emerging technologies and business models, including those related to climate change mitigation and transition to a low carbon economy.
risks related to legislative, regulatory, and legal factors primarily include changes to, and compliance with, the laws and regulations that govern:
•utility regulatory business models,
•energy, environmental, and climate policy, and
risks related to operational factors primarily include:
•changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put the registrant's facilities at risk, and such changes could also affect the levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services,
•the ability of the utility registrants to maintain the reliability, resiliency, and safety of their energy delivery systems, which could affect their ability to deliver energy to their customers and affect their operating costs, and
•physical and cyber security risks for the utility registrants as the owner-operators of transmission and distribution facilities.
risks related to the separation primarily include:
•challenges to achieving the benefits of separation and
•performance by exelon and constellation under the transaction agreements, including indemnification responsibilities.
there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that could negatively affect the registrants' consolidated financial statements in the future.
risks related to market and financial factors the registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry (all registrants).
advancements in power generation technology, including commercial and residential solar generation installations and commercial micro turbine installations, are improving the cost-effectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity. improvements in energy storage technology, including batteries and fuel cells, could also better position customers to meet their around-the-clock electricity requirements. improvements in energy efficiency of lighting, appliances, equipment and building materials will also affect energy consumption by customers. changes in power generation, storage, and use technologies could have significant effects on customer behaviors and their energy consumption.
these developments could affect levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations, and current business models and make portions of the utility registrants' transmission and/or distribution facilities uneconomic prior to the end of their useful lives. increasing pressure from both the private and public sectors to take actions to mitigate climate change could also push the speed and nature of this transition. these factors could affect the registrants' consolidated financial statements through, among other things, increased operating and maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
market performance and other factors could decrease the value of employee benefit plan assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding (all registrants).
disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy could adversely affect the value of the investments held within exelon's employee benefit plan trusts. the asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below exelon's projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the pension and opeb plan assets would increase the funding requirements associated with exelon's pension and opeb plan obligations. additionally, exelon's pension and opeb plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to social security or medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and opeb plans. see note 14 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets (all registrants).
the registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the united states or abroad could negatively affect the registrants' ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. the banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. the inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets because of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, or require a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. in addition, the registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including europe, canada, and asia. disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict the registrants' ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. as of december 31, 2023, approximately 23%, 10%, and 16% of the registrants' available credit facilities were with european, canadian, and asian banks, respectively. additionally, higher interest rates may put pressure on the registrants' overall liquidity profile, financial health and impact financial results. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
if any of the registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties or regulatory financial requirements, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral that could affect its liquidity and could experience higher borrowing costs (all registrants).
the utility registrants' operating agreements with pjm and peco's, bge's, and dpl's natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. if certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and the utility registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their remaining sources of liquidity. pjm collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. collateral posting requirements for peco, bge, and dpl, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. if the utility registrants were downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. in addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have an adverse negative impact on the ratings of the utility registrants.
the utility registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that the utility registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the utility registrants from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at exelon or another exelon subsidiary. these measures (commonly referred to as "ring-fencing") could help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of the utility registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of exelon. despite these ring-fencing measures, the credit ratings of the utility registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of exelon. consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the utility registrants. a reduction in the credit rating of a utility registrant could have a material adverse effect on the utility registrant.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - credit matters and cash requirements - security ratings for additional information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the registrants' cash flows.
the impacts of significant economic downturns or increases in customer rates, could lead to decreased volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances (all registrants).
the impacts of significant economic downturns on the utility registrants' customers and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations for the utility registrants, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances and related expense. further, increases in customer rates, including those related to increases in purchased power and natural gas prices, could result in declines in customer usage and lower revenues for the utility registrants that do not have decoupling mechanisms.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information on the registrants' credit risk.
the registrants could be negatively affected by the impacts of weather (all registrants).
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities. temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting operating revenues at peco and dpl delaware. due to revenue decoupling, operating revenues from electric distribution at comed, bge, pepco, dpl maryland, and ace and gas distribution at bge are not affected by abnormal weather.
extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the utility registrants' transmission and distribution systems, communication systems, and technology, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each utility registrant's ability to meet peak customer demand. first and third quarter financial results, in particular, are substantially dependent on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
climate change projections suggest increases to summer temperature and humidity trends, as well as more erratic precipitation and storm patterns over the long-term in the areas where the utility registrants have transmission and distribution assets. the frequency in which weather conditions emerge outside the current expected climate norms could contribute to weather-related impacts discussed above.
long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the registrants' statements of financial position. in addition, exelon, comed, and phi have material goodwill balances.
the registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered.
comed and phi perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's business, and the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, comed's, and phi's goodwill.
an impairment would require the registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset or goodwill to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting policies and estimates, note 7 - property, plant, and equipment, note 11 - asset impairments, and note 12 - intangible assets of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on long-lived asset impairments and goodwill impairments.
the registrants could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third-parties under indemnification agreements, or when the registrants have guaranteed their performance (all registrants).
the registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. to the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected registrant could be held responsible for the obligations. each of the utility registrants has transferred its former generation assets to one or more third parties and in each case the transferee has agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable utility registrant for such obligations. in connection with the restructurings under which comed, peco, and bge transferred their generating assets to constellation, constellation assumed certain of comed's, peco's, and bge's rights and obligations with respect to their former generation assets. further, comed, peco, and bge have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify comed, peco, or bge for certain obligations related to their respective former generation assets that have been assumed by constellation as part of the restructuring. if constellation or a transferee of one of the utility registrant's generation assets experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, the applicable utility registrant could be liable for any existing or future claims. in addition, the utility registrants have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation assets.
the registrants have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of assets, including several of the utility registrants in connection with constellation's absorption of their former generating assets. the registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations under these indemnities.
the registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the registrants to perform if the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by those third parties, the registrants could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees.
risks related to legislative, regulatory, and legal factors the registrants' businesses are highly regulated and electric and gas revenue and earnings could be negatively affected by legislative and/or regulatory actions (all registrants).
substantial aspects of the registrants' businesses are subject to comprehensive federal or state legislation and/or regulation.
the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the utility registrants to recover their costs for the retail purchase, transmission, and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers.
fundamental changes in laws or regulations or adverse legislative or regulatory actions affecting the registrants' businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations. registrants cannot always predict when or whether legislative or regulatory action will occur and may not be able to influence the outcome of legislative or regulatory initiatives.
changes in the utility registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, along with adoption of new rate structures and constructs, or establishment of new rate cases, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy, and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result, and which could result in uncertainties in rate case outcomes, and/or introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes (all registrants).
the utility registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services, adoption of new rate structures and constructs or establishment of new rate cases. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a utility registrant to recover its costs once the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, credit losses, mgp remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs. in certain instances, the utility registrants could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives, or franchise agreements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the utility registrants to recover their costs or earn an adequate return.
in addition to potential timing delays, the registrants also face other uncertainties in rate proceedings that could impact recovery, including not obtaining anticipated allowed rates of return, allowed capital structures, or allowed return on pension assets, and various other factors.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards, including the likely exposure of the utility registrants to the results of pjm's rtep and nerc compliance requirements (all registrants).
the utility registrants as users, owners, and operators of the bulk power transmission system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by ferc. the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could subject the registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. in addition, the icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, depsc, and njbpu impose certain distribution reliability standards on the utility registrants. if the utility registrants were found in non-compliance with the federal or state mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
the registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters (all registrants).
the registrants are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state, and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the way the registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures, including how they handle air and water emissions, hazardous and solid waste, and activities affecting surface waters, groundwater, and aquatic and other species. violations of these requirements could subject the registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages, or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. in addition, the registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generated or released. remediation activities associated with mgp operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. also, the registrants are currently involved in several proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future. see item 1. business - environmental matters and regulation for additional information.
the registrants could be negatively affected by federal and state rps and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers (all registrants).
changes to current state legislation or the development of federal legislation that requires the use of low-emission, renewable, and/or alternate fuel sources could significantly impact the utility registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed.
federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, could increase capital expenditures and could significantly impact the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements if timely cost recovery is not allowed. these energy conservation programs, regulated energy consumption reduction targets, and new energy consumption technologies could cause declines in customer energy consumption and lead to a decline in the registrants' earnings, if timely recovery is not allowed. see item 1. business - environmental matters and regulation - renewable and clean energy standards and "the registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry" above for additional information.
the registrants could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes, and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions. (all registrants).
the registrants are required to make judgments to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities, which includes general tax positions taken and associated reserves established. tax obligations include, but are not limited to: income, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters. all tax estimates could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. additionally, earnings may be impacted due to changes in federal or local/state tax laws, and the inherent difficulty of estimating potential tax effects of ongoing business decisions. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising out of their business operations. the material ones are summarized in note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue, or restrict or disrupt business activities.
the registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (all registrants).
the registrants could be the subject of public criticism. adverse publicity could render public service commissions and other regulatory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies generally, or the registrants specifically, in a favorable light, and could cause the registrants to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements.
the activities associated with the past deferred prosecution agreement and the now resolved associated sec investigation could have a material adverse effect on exelon's and comed's reputation and relationship with legislators, regulators, and customers that could affect their ability to achieve actions and approvals (exelon and comed).
on july 17, 2020, comed entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with the usao for the northern district of illinois to resolve the usao's investigation into exelon's and comed's lobbying activities in the state of illinois. exelon was not made a party to the dpa and no charges were brought against exelon. under the dpa, the usao filed a single charge alleging that comed improperly gave and offered to give jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the speaker of the illinois house of representatives and the speaker's associates, with the intent to influence the speaker's action regarding legislation affecting comed's interests. the dpa provided that the usao would defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or civil case against comed in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period. that period expired, and the pending charge was dismissed, in july 2023. in october 2019, the sec notified exelon and comed that it had opened an investigation into their lobbying activities in the state of illinois. on september 28, 2023, exelon and comed reached a settlement with the sec to fully resolve the matter.
the dpa and the settlement with the sec could have a material adverse impact on exelon's and comed's reputation or relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers, and other stakeholders. those impacts could affect, or make more difficult, their efforts to achieve actions or approvals associated with operations. see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the dpa and sec settlement.
risks related to operational factors the registrants are subject to risks associated with climate change (all registrants).
the registrants periodically perform analyses to better understand long-term projections of climate change and how those changes in the physical environments where they operate could affect their facilities and operations. the registrants primarily operate in the midwest and mid-atlantic of the united states, areas that historically have been prone to various types of severe weather events, and the registrants have well-developed response and recovery programs based on these historical events. however, the registrants' physical facilities could be at greater risk of damage as changes in the global climate affect temperature and weather patterns, including if such climate changes result in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, elevated levels of precipitation, sea level rise, increased surface water temperatures, wildfires and/or other effects. over time, the registrants are making additional investments to protect their facilities from physical climate-related risks.
in addition, changes to the climate may impact levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services, which could affect registrants' operations and business. over time, the registrants are making additional investments to adapt to changes in operational requirements to manage demand changes and customer expectations caused by climate change.
climate change risks include changes to energy systems due to new technologies, changing customer expectations and/or voluntary ghg goals, as well as local, state, or federal regulatory requirements intended to reduce ghg emissions, including through limitation of the use of natural gas. the registrants also periodically perform analyses of potential energy system transition pathways to reduce economy-wide ghg emissions to mitigate climate change. to the extent additional ghg reduction legislation and/or regulation becomes effective at the federal and/or state levels, the registrants could incur costs to further limit the ghg emissions from their operations or otherwise comply with applicable requirements and such legislation and/or regulation could otherwise adversely affect the registrants' businesses. see item 1. business - environmental matters and regulation - climate change and item 1.a. "the registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry" above for additional information.
the utility registrants' operating costs are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems (all registrants).
failures of the equipment or facilities used in the utility registrants' delivery systems could interrupt electric transmission and/or electric or natural gas delivery, which could result in a loss of revenues and an increase in maintenance and capital expenditures. equipment or facilities failures can occur due to several factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems failure. specifically, if the implementation of ami, smart grid, or other technologies in the utility registrants' service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, or if any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the utility registrants' financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their respective service territories, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. under illinois law, however, comed could be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, which could be material.
the registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (all registrants).
risks from cybersecurity and physical threats to energy infrastructures are increasing. threat actors, including sophisticated nation-state actors, continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric and natural gas utility industry, grid infrastructure, and other energy infrastructures, and attacks and disruptions, both physical, cyber, and hybrid targeting physical and cyber assets, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. several u.s. government agencies have warned of increased risks related to physical attacks, ransomware attacks and cybersecurity threats related to the energy sector and its supply chains, and that the risks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks. in addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify the registrants' cybersecurity risks.
a security breach of the registrants' physical assets or information systems or those of the registrants' competitors, vendors, business partners and interconnected entities (including rtos and isos) could materially impact registrants by, among other things, impairing the availability of electricity and gas distributed by registrants and/or the reliability of transmission and distribution systems, damaging grid infrastructure, interrupting critical business functions, impairing the availability of vendor services and materials that the registrants rely on to maintain their operations, or by leading to the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, system data and architecture, sensitive customer, vendor, or employee data, or other confidential data. the registrants' reliance on vendors to provide services and equipment, and its shared information systems with constellation pursuant to the transition services agreement between exelon and constellation, increases the risk to assets, systems, and data. while some of the registrants' vendors have experienced cybersecurity incidents, such incidents have not, to registrants' knowledge, resulted in material impact to any of the registrants to date. the risk of these events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify. the registrants have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks. while to date none of the registrants has directly experienced a material breach or material disruption to its network or information systems or operations, as such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, the registrants may be subject to a material breach or material disruption in the future.
if a significant physical or cybersecurity breach or disruption were to occur, the registrants' reputation could be negatively affected, customer confidence in the registrants could be diminished and the registrants could be subject to legal claims, regulatory exposure, loss of revenues, increased costs including for infrastructure repairs, or operations shutdown, all of which could materially affect the registrants' financial condition and materially damage its business reputation. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such security breaches or disruptions may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. the continued increase in federal and state regulatory requirements related to cybersecurity and evolving threat actor-capabilities could require changes to current measures taken by the registrants or to their business operations and could adversely affect their consolidated financial statements.
the registrants' employees, contractors, customers, and the general public could be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry (all registrants).
employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near the registrants' operations. as a result, employees, contractors, customers, and the general public are at some risk for serious injury, including loss of life. these risks include gas explosions, pole strikes, and electric contact cases.
extreme weather events, natural disasters, operational accidents such as wildfires or natural gas explosions, war, acts and threats of terrorism, public health crises, epidemics, pandemics, or other significant events could negatively impact the registrants' results of operations, ability to raise capital and future growth (all registrants).
the utility registrants' infrastructures and/or operations could be affected by extreme weather events, natural disasters, or operational accidents such as wildfires or natural gas explosions which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs and third-party property damage. an extreme weather event, natural disaster, or operational accident within the utility registrants' service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment.
the impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and the registrants is uncertain. the registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign could affect registrants' operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of supplies and markets. furthermore, such events could compromise the physical or cybersecurity of the registrants' facilities, which could adversely affect the registrants' ability to manage their businesses effectively. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, public health crises, epidemics, pandemics, credit crises, recession, or other significant events also could result in a decline in energy consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain. in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
the registrants could be significantly affected by public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics. the registrants have plans in place to respond to such events. however, depending on the severity and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, a public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic could adversely affect our vendors, or customers and customer demand as well as the registrants' ability to operate their transmission and distribution assets.
in addition, on behalf of the registrants exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property, casualty, and cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt operations. however, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses.
the registrants' businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to maintain, are subject to operational failure and could be impacted by lack of availability of labor, materials or parts, which could result in potential liability (all registrants).
the utility registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the utility registrants' control, and could require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. disruptions or cost increases in the supply chain, including shortages in labor, materials or parts, could materially impact the timing and execution of capital projects, as well as other aspects of the registrants' businesses. the registrants' consolidated financial statements could be negatively affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital, or if they are deemed liable for operational failure. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources for additional information regarding the registrants' potential future capital expenditures.
the utility registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs, and their capital expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring transmission systems (all registrants).
demand for electricity within the utility registrants' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage. also, insufficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize the utility registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. as is the case for electric utilities generally, potential concerns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in pjm or ferc requiring the utility registrants to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
pjm's systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. however, service interruptions at other utilities may cause interruptions in the utility registrants' service areas.
the registrants' performance could be negatively affected if they fail to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce (all registrants).
certain events, such as the separation transaction, an employee strike, loss of employees, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the registrants. such challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. as a result of such events, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs, and safety costs, could rise. the registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees needed to conduct registrants' transmission and distribution operations as well as areas where new technologies are pertinent.
the registrants' performance could be negatively affected by poor performance of third-party contractors that perform periodic or ongoing work (all registrants).
the registrants rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance, and construction work. performance standards typically are included in all contractual obligations, but poor performance may impact capital execution plans or operations, or have adverse financial or reputational consequences.
the registrants could make acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets, which may not be successful or achieve the intended financial results (all registrants).
the utility registrants face risks associated with regulator-mandated or other new business initiatives, such as smart grids and broader beneficial electrification. such risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery, regulatory concerns, cybersecurity, and obsolescence of technology. such initiatives may not be successful, and failures could result in adverse financial or reputational consequences.
risks related to the separation (exelon)
in connection with the separation into two public companies, exelon and constellation have agreed to indemnify each other for certain liabilities. if exelon is required to pay under these indemnities to constellation, exelon's financial results could be negatively impacted. the constellation indemnities may not be sufficient to hold exelon harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which constellation has been allocated responsibility, and constellation may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future.
pursuant to the separation agreement and certain other agreements between exelon and constellation, each party agreed to indemnify the other for certain liabilities, generally for uncapped amounts. liabilities subject to exelon's indemnity obligations to constellation generally are not subject to caps, may be significant and could negatively impact exelon's business. any amounts exelon is required to pay pursuant to these indemnity obligations could require exelon to divert cash that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of its operating business. further, third parties could seek to hold exelon responsible for any of the liabilities that constellation has agreed to retain and for which constellation is obligated to indemnify exelon. the indemnities from constellation for exelon's benefit may not be sufficient to protect exelon against the full amount of such liabilities, and constellation may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. even if exelon ultimately succeeds in recovering from constellation any amounts for which exelon is held liable, exelon may be temporarily required to bear these losses. each of these risks could negatively affect exelon's business, results of operations and financial condition.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
exelon executive overview exelon is a utility services holding company engaged in the energy transmission and distribution businesses through its six reportable segments: comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
exelon's consolidated financial information includes the results of its seven separate operating subsidiary registrants, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace, which, along with exelon, are collectively referred to as the registrants. the following combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is separately filed by exelon, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace. however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to any of the other registrants. for discussion of the utility registrants' year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the 2022 form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 14, 2023.
covid-19. there were no material impacts to the registrants from unfavorable economic conditions due to covid-19 for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, other than the 2022 impairment discussed below.
the registrants assessed long-lived assets, goodwill, and investments for recoverability. exelon and bge recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $48 million in 2022 as a result of covid-19 impacts on office use. see note 11 - asset impairments for additional information related to this impairment assessment.
financial results of operations gaap results of operations. the following table sets forth exelon's gaap consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders from continuing operations by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. for additional information regarding the financial results for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, see the discussions of results of operations by registrant.
(a)other primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, exelon's corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investing activities.
the separation of constellation, including generation and its subsidiaries, met the criteria for discontinued operations and as such, generation's results of operations are presented as discontinued operations and have been excluded from exelon's continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 presented in the table above. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 2 - discontinued operations for additional information.
accounting rules require certain bsc costs previously allocated to generation to be presented as part of exelon's continuing operations as these costs do not qualify as expenses of the discontinued operations. such costs are included in other in the table above and were $28 million on a pre-tax basis, for the year ended december 31, 2022. there were no such costs included in exelon's continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2023
•favorable impacts of rate increases at peco, bge, and phi;
•favorable impacts of the multi-year plans including the recognition of the reconciliation in 2023 at bge;
•lower bsc costs presented in exelon's continuing operations, which were previously allocated to generation but do not qualify as expenses of the discontinued operation per the accounting rules.
the increases were partially offset by:
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings. in addition to net income, exelon evaluates its operating performance using the measure of adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses, and other specified items. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of year-over-year operating results and provide an indication of exelon's baseline operating performance excluding items not considered by management to be directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning and forecasting of future periods. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
the following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to common shareholders from continuing operations as determined in accordance with gaap and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to 2022:
mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities (net of taxes of $1 and $1, respectively)              (4)                         -                           4                         -
change in environmental liabilities (net of taxes of $8)                                                     29                      0.03                           -                         -
erp system implementation costs (net of taxes of $0)(a)                                                       -                         -                           1                         -
asset retirement obligations (net of taxes of $1 and $2, respectively)                                      (1)                         -                         (4)                         -
sec matter loss contingency (net of taxes of $0)                                                             46                      0.05                           -                         -
asset impairments (net of taxes of $10)(b)                                                                    -                         -                          38                      0.04
separation costs (net of taxes of $7 and $10, respectively)(c)                                               22                      0.02                          24                      0.02
change in ferc audit liability (net of taxes of $4)                                                          11                      0.01                           -                         -
income tax-related adjustments (entire amount represents tax expense)(d)                                   (54)                    (0.05)                         122                      0.12
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings                                                                   $2,377                     $2.38                      $2,239                     $2.27
unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between gaap net income and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. the marginal statutory income tax rates for 2023 and 2022 ranged from 24.0% to 29.0%.
(a)reflects costs related to a multi-year erp system implementation, which are recorded in operating and maintenance expense.
(b)reflects costs related to the impairment of an office building at bge, which are recorded in operating and maintenance expense.
(c)represents costs related to the separation primarily comprised of system-related costs, third-party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers, and other experts assisting in the separation, and employee-related severance costs, which are recorded in operating and maintenance expense and other, net.
(d)in 2022, for peco, primarily reflects an adjustment to exclude one-time non-cash impacts associated with the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the reduction in pennsylvania corporate income tax rate. for corporate, in connection with the separation, exelon recorded an income tax expense primarily due to the long-term marginal state income tax rate change, the recognition of valuation allowances against the net deferred tax assets positions for certain standalone state filing jurisdictions, and nondeductible transaction costs partially offset by a one-time impact associated with a state tax benefit. in 2023, reflects the adjustment to state deferred income taxes due to changes in forecasted apportionment.
significant 2023 transactions and developments separation on february 21, 2021, exelon's board of directors approved a plan to separate the utility registrants and generation, creating two publicly traded companies ("the separation"). exelon completed the separation on february 1, 2022. constellation was newly formed and incorporated in pennsylvania on june 15, 2021 for the purpose of separation and holds generation. the separation represented a strategic shift that would have a major effect on exelon's operations and financial results. accordingly, the separation meets the criteria for discontinued operations. see note 2 - discontinued operations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the separation and discontinued operations.
in connection with the separation, exelon incurred separation costs impacting continuing operations of $29 million and $34 million on a pre-tax basis for the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are recorded in operating and maintenance expense. these costs are excluded from adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings. the separation costs are primarily comprised of system-related costs, third-party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers, and other experts assisting in the separation, and employee-related severance costs.
at-the-market program in november and december 2023, exelon issued approximately 3.6 million shares of common stock at an average gross price of $39.58 per share. the net proceeds from these issuances were $140 million, which were used for general corporate purposes. see note 19 - shareholders' equity of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
distribution base rate case proceedings the utility registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future financial statements.
the following tables show the utility registrants' completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2023. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these and other regulatory proceedings.
completed distribution base rate case proceedings registrant/jurisdiction                               filing date                                                       service                                      requested revenue requirement increase                          approved revenue requirement increase                           approved roe                           approval date                                    rate effective date comed - illinois                                      april 15, 2022                                                    electric                                                            $199                                                      $199                                       7.85%                           november 17, 2022                                january 1, 2023
pending distribution base rate case proceedings registrant/jurisdiction             filing date                                           service            requested revenue requirement increase        requested roe   expected approval timing pepco - district of columbia        april 13, 2023                                        electric                              $191                              10.50%   third quarter of 2024
pepco - maryland                    may 16, 2023 (amended january 26, 2024)               electric                              $188                              10.50%   second quarter of 2024
dpl - delaware                      december 15, 2022 (amended september 29, 2023)        electric                               $39                              10.50%   second quarter of 2024
transmission formula rates the following total increases/(decreases) were included in the utility registrants' 2023 annual electric transmission formula rate updates. all rates are effective june 1, 2023 to may 31, 2024, subject to review by interested parties pursuant to review protocols of each utility registrants' tariff. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
comed's ferc audit the utility registrants are subject to periodic audits and investigations by ferc. ferc's division of audits and accounting initiated a nonpublic audit of comed in april 2021 evaluating comed's compliance with (1) approved terms, rates and conditions of its federally regulated service; (2) accounting requirements of the uniform system of accounts; (3) reporting requirements of the ferc form 1; and (4) the requirements for record retention. the audit period extends back to january 1, 2017. during the first quarter of 2023, comed was provided with information from ferc about several potential findings, including comed's methodology regarding the allocation of certain overhead costs to capital under ferc regulations. based on the preliminary findings and discussions with ferc staff, comed determined that a loss was probable and recorded a regulatory liability to reflect its best estimate of that loss in the first quarter of 2023.
on july 27, 2023, ferc issued a final audit report which included, among other things, findings and recommendations related to comed's methodology regarding the allocation of certain overhead costs to capitalized construction costs under ferc regulations, including a suggestion that refunds may be due to customers for amounts collected in previous years. on august 28, 2023, comed filed a formal notice of the issues it will contest. on december 14, 2023, ferc appointed a settlement judge for the contested overhead allocation findings. the final outcome and resolution of any contested audit issues as well as a reasonable estimate of potential future losses cannot be accurately estimated at this stage; however, the final resolution of these matters could result in recognition of future losses, above the amounts currently accrued, that could be material to the exelon and comed financial statements.
ace employee strike ace's collective bargaining agreement with the international brotherhood of electrical workers (ibew) local 210, expired on november 2, 2023. on november 5, 2023, ibew local 210 initiated a strike in ace's service territory. while the work stoppage did not result in a disruption in service to customers, exelon, phi, and ace incurred unfavorable impacts to net income of approximately $31 million, $31 million, and $32 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. on december 5, 2023, ibew local 210 ratified a new collective bargaining agreement with ace and ceased the work stoppage.
other key business drivers and management strategiesutility rates and rate proceedings the utility registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results of operations, cash flows, and financial positions. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these regulatory proceedings.
legislative and regulatory developments infrastructure investment and jobs act on november 15, 2021, president biden signed the $1.2 trillion iija into law. iija provides for approximately $550 billion in new federal spending. categories of funding include funding for a variety of infrastructure needs, including but not limited to: (1) power and grid reliability and resilience, (2) resilience for cybersecurity to address critical infrastructure needs, and (3) electric vehicle charging infrastructure for alternative fuel corridors. federal agencies are developing guidelines to implement spending programs under iija. the time needed to develop these guidelines will vary with some limited program applications opened as early as the first quarter of 2022. the registrants continue to evaluate programs under the legislation and consider possible opportunities to apply for funding, either directly or in potential collaborations with state and/or local agencies and key stakeholders. the registrants cannot predict the ultimate timing and success of securing funding from programs under iija.
in september 2022, comed and bge applied for the mmg, which establishes and funds construction, improvement, or acquisition of middle mile broadband infrastructure which creates high-speed internet services. the mmg addresses inequitable broadband access by expansion and extension of the middle mile infrastructure in underserved communities. in june 2023, the national telecommunications and information administration (ntia) announced it selected two of the applications submitted by bge and comed; awarding comed and bge $14.5 million and $15.4 million respectively. the applications selected by ntia for bge and comed proposed projects designed to enhance electric grid reliability and resiliency while leading and advancing shared local, state, and national goals to increase broadband connectivity, redundancy, affordability, and equity.
in march 2023, exelon, comed, and phi submitted three applications related to the smart grid grants program under section 40107 of iija. these applications are focused on replacing existing advanced distribution management systems (adms) in support of distributed energy resources (ders) and grid-edged technologies, strengthening interoperability and data architecture of systems in support of two-way power flows and accelerating advanced metering deployment in disadvantaged communities. in october 2023, comed's project, deployment of a community-oriented interoperable control framework for aggregating and integrating distributed energy resources and other grid-edge devices, was recommended by the grid deployment office (gdo) for negotiation of a final award up to $50 million. this project will enable comed and its local partners to deploy the next generation of grid technologies that support the growth of solar and electric vehicles (evs), while piloting new local workforce training initiatives to support job creation connected to the clean energy transition. the gdo has indicated the award negotiation process can take approximately 120 days.
in april 2023, comed, peco, bge, and phi submitted seven applications related to the grid resilience grants program under section 40101(c) of iija. these applications are broadly focused on improving grid resilience with an emphasis on disadvantaged communities, relief of capacity constraints and modernizing infrastructure, deployment of der and microgrid technologies and providing improved resilience through storm hardening projects. in october 2023, peco's project, creating a resilient, equitable, and accessible transformation in energy for greater philadelphia (create), was recommended by the gdo for negotiation of a final award up to $100 million. this project will support critical electric infrastructure investments to help reduce the impact of extreme weather and historic flooding on the registrants' electric distribution system. the gdo has indicated the award negotiation process can take approximately 120 days.
the registrants are supporting three different regional clean hydrogen hub opportunities, covering all five states that exelon operates in plus washington d.c. under a program that will create networks of hydrogen producers, consumers, and local connective infrastructure to accelerate the use of hydrogen as a clean energy carrier that can deliver or store energy. applications for the three opportunities under this program were submitted in april 2023. in october 2023 the doe announced it selected two of the projects for further negotiation: (1) the mid-atlantic clean hydrogen hub (mach2), which is being supported by peco and phi, and (2) the midwest alliance for clean hydrogen (machh2), which is being supported by comed.
in november 2023, the gdo announced up to $3.9 billion available through the second-round funding opportunity of the grid resilience and innovation partnerships (grip) program for fiscal years 2024 and 2025. this funding opportunity focuses on projects that will improve electric transmission by increasing funding and advancing interconnection processes for faster build out of energy projects, create comprehensive solutions that link grid communications systems and operations to increase resilience and reduce power outages and threats, and deploy advanced technologies such as distributed energy resources and battery systems to provide essential grid services to ensure american communities across the country have access to affordable, reliable, clean electricity. exelon, comed, bge, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace submitted seven concept papers in response to the second round of the grip program. the concept papers are focused on improving the resilience of the electric grid and deployment of technologies to enhance grid flexibility and deliver benefits to customers and communities across the exelon footprint. the gdo is expected to issue notifications of encouragement/discouragement for full applications in the first quarter of 2024. exelon cannot predict if their concept papers will receive a notification of encouragement to submit a full application.
pjm regional transmission expansion on april 6, 2023, pjm received a deactivation notice for brandon shores, a 1,282 mw coal generation plant located in bge service territory. the deactivation was requested for june 1, 2025 and will result in numerous reliability issues across the region. in june 2023, pjm assigned a portion of transmission system upgrades to mitigate these reliability impacts to peco, bge, and pepco. in july 2023, pjm board of managers approved assigning exelon transmission system upgrades to mitigate these reliability impacts to peco, bge, and pepco. the initial projected capital expenditures associated with these upgrades are approximately $80 million, $650 million, and $80 million for peco, bge, and pepco, respectively. these amounts include a scope reduction estimated by pjm for peco of $60 million associated with a transmission proposal window, as disclosed at a transmission expansion advisory committee meeting on october 31, 2023. the upgrades are expected to be completed by the end of 2028.
separately, pjm held a competitive transmission proposal window from february 24, 2023 through may 31, 2023 to address reliability issues driven by significant load increases in northern virginia. peco, bge, and pepco submitted four solution proposals. at a meeting of the transmission expansion advisory committee on october 31, 2023, pjm recommended that peco, bge, pepco, and dpl be awarded a portion of the work for the proposed solution. initial estimated costs for these upgrades are approximately $70 million, $700 million, $80 million, and $5 million for peco, bge, pepco, and dpl, respectively. the pjm board of managers approved the solution in december 2023 and the upgrades are expected to be completed by the end of 2030.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application or incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional information on the application of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2023, exelon's $6.6 billion carrying amount of goodwill consists of $2.6 billion at comed and $4 billion at phi. these entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is assessed for impairment. comed has a single operating segment and reporting unit. phi's operating segments and reporting units are pepco, dpl, and ace. see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. exelon's and comed's goodwill has been assigned entirely to the comed reporting unit. exelon's and phi's goodwill has been assigned to the pepco, dpl, and ace reporting units in the amounts of $2.1 billion, $1.4 billion, and $0.5 billion, respectively. see note 12 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. as part of the qualitative assessments, exelon, comed, and phi evaluate, among other things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer ebitda multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, and projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's businesses and the fair value of debt.
while the 2023 annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to changes. adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, comed's, or phi's goodwill, which could be material.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 12 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
unamortized energy contract liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative electricity contracts that exelon acquired as part of the phi merger. the initial amount recorded represents the difference between the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition and the contract value based on the terms of each contract. offsetting regulatory assets were also recorded for those energy contract costs that are probable of recovery through customer rates. the unamortized energy contract liabilities and the corresponding regulatory assets, respectively, are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. amortization of the unamortized energy contract liabilities are recorded through purchased power and fuel expense. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 12 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
depreciable lives of property, plant, and equipment (all registrants)
the registrants have significant investments in electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. these assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, or composite methods of depreciation. the group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. the estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. depreciation studies are conducted periodically and as required by a rate regulator or regulatory action, or changes in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary.
depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowed in customer rates for recovery of depreciation costs. generally, the registrants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align with management's judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been updated on a timely basis. depreciation expense and customer rates for comed, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace include an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and removing plant from service upon retirement. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by comed, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace related to removal costs.
peco's removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent with peco's regulatory recovery method. estimates for such removal costs are also evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
changes in estimated useful lives of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets could have a significant impact on the registrants' future results of operations. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property, plant, and equipment of the registrants.
retirement benefits (all registrants)
exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and opeb plans. the measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. when developing the required assumptions, exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations. the measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several assumptions including the discount rate, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, exelon's contributions, the rate of compensation increases, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. the assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations.
expected rate of return on plan assets. in determining the eroa, exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and gdp growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by exelon's target asset class allocations. exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and opeb plan assets by multiplying the eroa by the mrv of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. in determining mrv, the authoritative guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the majority of pension plan assets, exelon uses a calculated value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected mrv of plan assets. use of this calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. for opeb plan assets and certain pension plan assets, exelon uses fair value to calculate the mrv.
discount rate. the discount rates are determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and opeb obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and opeb plans. the discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
mortality. the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. exelon's mortality assumption utilizes the soa 2019 base table (pri-2012) and mp-2021 improvement scale adjusted to use proxy ssa ultimate improvement rates.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions. the following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant:
actual assumption                     (decrease) increase actuarial assumption                                          pension                    opeb         change in   pension                      opeb                      total assumption change in 2023 cost:
change in benefit obligation at december 31, 2023:
(a)in general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and opeb cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. additionally, exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. the sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 14 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and opeb plans.
for their regulated electric and gas operations, the registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities' cost of providing services or products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria discussed above, the registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact, which could be material, would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
the following table illustrates gains (losses) to be included in net income that could result from the elimination of regulatory assets and liabilities and charges against oci related to deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and opeb plans that are recorded as regulatory assets in exelon's consolidated balance sheets (before taxes) at december 31, 2023:
(a)exelon's charge against oci (before taxes) consists of up to $2.1 billion, $355 million, $485 million, $298 million, $122 million, and $22 million related to comed's, bge's, phi's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and opeb plans. exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $102 million (before taxes) related to peco's portion of the deferred costs associated with exelon's opeb plans that would result in an increase in oci if reversed.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities of the registrants.
for each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, the registrants assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or refund at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each registrant's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. if the assessments and estimates made by the registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with icc-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for comed, and ferc transmission formula rate tariffs for the utility registrants.
derivative financial instruments (all registrants)
the registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk and interest rate risk related to ongoing business operations. see note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
determining whether a contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlying and one or more notional quantities.
all derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under, npns. for derivatives that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges, changes in fair value each period are initially recorded in aoci and recognized in earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings. for derivatives intended to serve as economic hedges, which are not designated for hedge accounting, changes in fair value each period are recognized in earnings on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income or are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability when there is an ability to recover or return the associated costs or benefits in accordance with regulatory requirements.
npns. contracts that are designated as npns are not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. determining whether a contract qualifies for npns requires judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all the associated qualification and documentation requirements. for all npns derivative instruments, accounts payable is recorded when derivatives settle and expense is recognized in earnings as the underlying physical commodity is consumed. contracts that qualify for npns are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period, and the contract is not financially settled on a net basis. see note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for all contracts that are accounted for under npns.
commodity contracts. the registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, interest rates, and the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows in deciding whether to enter derivative transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. the registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
derivative contracts can be traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. certain derivative pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, online exchanges. for derivatives that trade in liquid markets, the model inputs are generally observable. such instruments are categorized in level 2. for derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in level 3.
the registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, and both historical and current market data in the assessment of nonperformance risk. the impacts of nonperformance and credit risk to date have generally not been material to the registrants' financial statements.
interest rate derivative instruments. exelon corporate utilizes interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on existing and planned future debt issuances as well as potential fluctuations in electric operating revenues at the corporate level in consolidation, which are directly correlated to yields on u.s. treasury bonds under comed's distribution formula rate. the fair value of the swaps is calculated by discounting the future net cash flows to the present value based on the terms and conditions of the agreements and the forward interest rate curves. as these inputs are based on observable data and valuations of similar instruments, the interest rate derivatives are primarily categorized in level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and note 17 - fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants' derivative instruments.
significant management judgment is required in determining the registrants' provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
the registrants evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the registrants also assess negative evidence, such as the expiration of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. based on the combined assessment, the registrants record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including future changes in income tax laws, the registrants' forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in the preparation of their financial statements, the registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information. the amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. such difference could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
environmental costs. environmental investigation and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number of sites for which the registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work, regulations, and the requirements of local governmental authorities. annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at comed, peco, bge, and dpl to determine future remediation requirements for mgp sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly. in addition, periodic reviews are performed at each of the registrants to assess the adequacy of other environmental reserves. these matters, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements. see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other, including personal injury claims. the registrants are self-insured for general liability, automotive liability, workers' compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. the registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted, and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported (ibnr). the ibnr reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually. future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than estimated. accordingly, these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact to the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
sources of revenue and determination of accounting treatment. the registrants earn revenues from the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets. the accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative guidance. the registrants primarily apply the revenue from contracts with customers, and alternative revenue program accounting guidance to recognize revenues as discussed in more detail below.
revenue from contracts with customers. the registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power and natural gas are physically delivered to the customer. transactions of the registrants within the scope of revenue from contracts with customers generally include sales to utility customers under regulated service tariffs.
the determination of the registrants' power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of customer meters, generally monthly. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. the measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the registrant's customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, revenues may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternative supplier, since unbilled commodity revenues are not recorded for these customers. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
alternative revenue program accounting. certain of the registrants' ratemaking mechanisms qualify as arps if they (i) are established by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery, and (iii) allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized. for mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the registrants' formula rate mechanisms and revenue decoupling mechanisms, the registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event allowing additional billing or refund has occurred. the arp revenues presented in the registrants' consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income include both: (i) the recognition of "originating" arp revenues (when the regulator-specified condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the "originating" arp revenues as those amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized as revenue from contracts with customers.
comed records arp revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency, distributed generation rebates, and transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that comed believes are probable of approval by the icc and ferc in accordance with its formula rate mechanisms. bge, pepco, dpl, and ace record arp revenue for their best estimate of the electric and natural gas distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by the mdpsc, dcpsc, and/or njbpu in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace record arp revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by ferc in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. estimates of the current year revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed roe, and actions by regulators or courts.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
allowance for credit losses on customer accounts receivable (all registrants)
the registrants estimate the allowance for credit losses on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company based on historical loss experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. risk segments represent a group of customers with similar forward-looking credit quality indicators and risk factors that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment history and represent expected, future customer behavior. loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a historical average of charge-offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. the registrants' customer accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly basis. the registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. the registrants' allowances for credit losses will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices, and economic conditions as well as changes in icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, depsc, and njbpu regulations.
comed results of operations by registrant results of operations-comed
2023                                                                      2022                favorable (unfavorable) variance operating revenues                           $7,844                  $5,761                                $2,083
operating expenses purchased power                               2,816                   1,109                               (1,707)
operating and maintenance                     1,450                   1,412                                  (38)
total operating expenses                      6,038                   4,218                               (1,820)
gain on sales of assets                           -                     (2)                                     2
operating income                              1,806                   1,541                                   265
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022. net income increased by $173 million primarily due to increases in electric distribution formula rate earnings (reflecting higher allowed roe due to an increase in u.s. treasury rates and the impacts of higher rate base) and carrying costs related to cmc regulatory assets.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather, usage per customer, or number of customers as a result of revenue decoupling mechanisms implemented pursuant to feja.
distribution revenue. eima and feja provide for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs (e.g., severe weather and storm restoration), investments being recovered, and allowed roe. electric distribution revenue increased during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, due to higher allowed roe due to an increase in u.s. treasury rates, the impact of a higher rate base, and higher fully recoverable costs.
comed transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenues increased during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to the impact of a higher rate base and higher fully recoverable costs.
energy efficiency revenue. feja provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. under feja, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered, and allowed roe. energy efficiency revenue increased during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to the impact of a higher rate base, and increased regulatory asset amortization, which is fully recoverable.
regulatory required programs represents revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as recoveries under the credit loss expense tariff, environmental costs associated with mgp sites, etac, and costs related to electricity, zec, cmc, and rec procurement. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding cmcs. etac is a retail customer surcharge collected by electric utilities operating in illinois established by ceja and remitted to an illinois state agency for programs to support clean energy jobs and training. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income. customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as comed remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, comed either acts as the billing agent or the competitive supplier separately bills its own customers, and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power expense related to the electricity. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from comed, comed is permitted to recover the electricity, zec, cmc, and rec procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in operating revenues and purchased power expense related to the electricity, zecs, cmcs, and recs.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of comed's revenue disaggregation.
the increase of $1,707 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, in purchased power expense is primarily due to the cmcs from the participating nuclear-powered generating facilities, which is offset by an increase in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding cmcs.
comed the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                           35
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                   (13)
(a)comed is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)reflects ongoing capital expenditures and higher depreciation rates effective january 2023.
(b)includes amortization of comed's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
interest expense, net increased $63 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to an increase in interest rates and the issuance of debt in 2022 and 2023.
effective income tax rates were 22.4% and 22.4% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
peco results of operations-peco
favorable variance operating revenues                           $3,894                  $3,903                          $(9)
operating expenses purchased power and fuel                      1,544                   1,535                           (9)
operating and maintenance                     1,003                     992                          (11)
total operating expenses                      3,146                   3,102                          (44)
operating income                                748                     801                          (53)
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022. net income decreased by $13 million, primarily due to unfavorable weather and increases in depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense, partially offset by an increase in gas distribution rates and pennsylvania corporate income tax legislation passed in july 2022 driving a one-time non-cash decrease to net income for 2022.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, operating revenues related to weather decreased due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in peco's service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in peco's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 and normal weather consisted of the following:
peco for the years ended december 31,                                                             % change peco service territory                   2023   2022                                      normal        2023 vs. 2022                  2023 vs. normal heating degree-days               3,587                               4,135           4,399             (13.3)      %                   (18.5)       %
volume. electric volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, remained relatively consistent. natural gas volume for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, remained relatively consistent.
electric retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)                 2023                    2022       % change                 weather - normal % change(b)
(a)reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
at december 31, number of electric customers                                  2023   2022
natural gas deliveries to customers (in mmcf)                  2023                    2022                  % change                 weather - normal % change(b)
(a)reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
at december 31, number of gas customers                            2023                        2022
pricing for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 increased primarily due to an increase in gas distribution rates charged to customers, coupled with higher overall effective rates for both electric and gas attributable to decreased usage.
peco transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered.
regulatory required programs represents revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency, pgc, and the gsa. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power and fuel expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as peco remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, peco either acts as the billing agent or the competitive supplier separately bills its own customers and therefore peco does not record operating revenues or purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from peco, peco is permitted to recover the electricity, natural gas, and rec procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity, natural gas, and recs.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of peco's revenue disaggregation.
the increase of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, in purchased power and fuel expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                    (3)
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                          (2)
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
interest expense, net increased $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to the issuance of debt in 2022 and 2023 and increases in interest rates.
peco effective income tax rates were 3.4% and 12.1% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
bge results of operations-bge
2023                                                                      2022                favorable (unfavorable) variance operating revenues                           $4,027                  $3,895                                  $132
operating expenses purchased power and fuel                      1,531                   1,567                                    36
operating and maintenance                       741                     877                                   136
total operating expenses                      3,245                   3,376                                   131
operating income                                782                     519                                   263
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022. net income increased $105 million primarily due to favorable impacts of the multi-year plans including the recognition of the reconciliation in 2023 and an asset impairment in 2022, partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense, interest expense, and increase in income taxes in 2023 as compared to 2022. see note 11 - asset impairments for additional information on the asset impairment and note 3 - regulatory matters for additional information on multi-year plan order.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
bge revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a monthly rate adjustment that provides for fixed distribution revenue per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on revenue decoupling for bge.
at december 31, number of electric customers                                  2023                          2022
at december 31, number of gas customers                            2023   2022
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, due to favorable impacts of the multi-year plans.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to increases in underlying costs and capital investments.
other revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance, off-system sales, and service application fees. other revenue remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as conservation, demand response, stride, and the polr mechanism. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power and fuel expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as bge remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, bge acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from bge, bge is permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity and/or natural gas in operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense. bge recovers electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of bge's revenue disaggregation.
the decrease of $36 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 in purchased power and fuel expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
bge the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                           12
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                      5
impairment on long-lived assets(a)                                        (48)
(a)see note 11 - asset impairments for additional information on the asset impairment taken in 2022.
(b)see note 3 - regulatory matters for additional information on multi-year plan reconciliations.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
interest expense, net increased $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, due to the issuance of debt in 2022 and 2023 and increases in interest rates.
effective income tax rates were 21.5% and 2.1% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the change is primarily due to decreases in the multi-year plans' accelerated income tax benefits in 2023 compared to 2022. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on both the three-year electric and natural gas distribution multi-year plans and note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
phi results of operations-phi phi's results of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, pepco, dpl, and ace. phi also has a business services subsidiary, phisco, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. additionally, the results of phi's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities. all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. the following table sets forth phi's gaap consolidated net income, by registrant, for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. see the results of operations for pepco, dpl, and ace for additional information.
(a)primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, phi's corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investing activities.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022. net income decreased by $18 million primarily due to higher contracting costs as a result of the ace employee strike, an increase in environmental liabilities at pepco, an increase in interest expense, depreciation expense, and unfavorable weather at dpl delaware electric and natural gas service territories, partially offset by higher distribution rates at dpl delaware, favorable impacts of the pepco maryland and dpl maryland multi-year plans, and higher transmission rates.
pepco results of operations-pepco
2023                                                                      2022                favorable (unfavorable) variance operating revenues                           $2,824                  $2,531                                  $293
operating expenses purchased power                                 974                     834                                 (140)
operating and maintenance                       572                     507                                  (65)
total operating expenses                      2,377                   2,140                                 (237)
gain on sales of assets                           9                       -                                     9
operating income                                456                     391                                    65
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022. net income increased by $1 million primarily due to favorable impacts of the maryland multi-year plan, higher transmission rates, customer growth, and a gain on sale of land in the fourth quarter of 2023, partially offset by an increase in environmental liabilities, depreciation expense, and interest expense.
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution in both maryland and the district of columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bsa that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on revenue decoupling for pepco maryland and district of columbia.
at december 31, number of electric customers                                2023                        2022
pepco distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to higher rates due to the expiration of customer offsets, favorable impacts of the maryland multi-year plan, and customer growth.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to increases in underlying costs and capital investment.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of other taxes.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, dc plug, and sos procurement and administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as pepco remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, pepco acts as the billing agent and therefore, pepco does not record operating revenues or purchased power expense related to the electricity. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from pepco, pepco is permitted to recover the electricity and rec procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity and recs in operating revenues and purchased power expense. pepco recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of pepco's revenue disaggregation.
the increase of $140 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, in purchased power expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
pepco the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials(a)                       $26
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                     11
(a)primarily reflects an increase in environmental liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2023.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
interest expense, net increased $15 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to an increase in interest rates and the issuance of debt in 2022 and 2023.
gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 increased $9 million due to the sale of land in the fourth quarter of 2023.
effective income tax rates were 14.3% and (3.0)% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
dpl results of operations-dpl
2023                                                                      2022                favorable (unfavorable) variance operating revenues                           $1,688                  $1,595                                   $93
operating expenses purchased power and fuel                        737                     706                                  (31)
operating and maintenance                       364                     349                                  (15)
total operating expenses                      1,420                   1,359                                  (61)
operating income                                268                     236                                    32
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022. net income increased by $8 million primarily due to favorable impacts of the maryland multi-year plan, higher delaware electric and natural gas distribution rates, and higher transmission rates, partially offset by unfavorable weather conditions in delaware electric and natural gas service territories, and an increase in depreciation expense and interest expense.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution in maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bsa that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues from electric distribution customers in maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on revenue decoupling for dpl maryland.
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas in delaware is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, operating revenues dpl related to weather decreased due to unfavorable weather conditions in dpl's delaware electric and natural gas service territories.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in dpl's delaware electric service territory and a 30-year period in dpl's delaware natural gas service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in dpl's delaware service territory for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to same period in 2022 and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,                                                             % change delaware electric service territory                  2023                                2022         normal        2023 vs. 2022                  2023 vs. normal heating degree-days                           3,845                               4,428           4,585             (13.2)      %                   (16.1)       %
for the years ended december 31,                                                             % change delaware natural gas service territory                  2023                                2022   normal              2023 vs. 2022                  2023 vs. normal heating degree-days                              3,845                               4,428         4,662               (13.2)      %                   (17.5)       %
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, decreased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to customer usage, partially offset by customer growth.
electric retail deliveries to delaware customers (in gwhs)               2023                  2022       % change                weather - normal % change (b)
at december 31, number of total electric customers (maryland and delaware)                 2023                        2022
(a)reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from dpl and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
natural gas retail deliveries to delaware customers (in mmcf)                 2023   2022                          % change        weather - normal % change(b)
dpl at december 31, number of delaware natural gas customers                 2023                        2022
(a)reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from dpl and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due favorable impacts of the maryland multi-year plan that became effective january 2023, favorable impacts of the higher electric distribution rates in delaware that became effective july 2023, and higher natural gas distribution rates effective in august 2022.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to increases in underlying costs and capital investment.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of other taxes.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, de renewable portfolio standards, sos procurement and administrative costs, and gcr costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power and fuel expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. all customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers; however, only certain commercial and industrial customers have the choice to purchase natural gas from competitive natural gas suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as dpl remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, dpl either acts as the billing agent or the competitive supplier separately bills its own customers, and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from dpl, dpl is permitted to recover the electricity, natural gas, and rec procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity, natural gas, and recs in operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense. dpl recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up, and natural gas costs without mark-up.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of dpl's revenue disaggregation.
the increase of $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, in purchased power and fuel expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
dpl the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                     $6
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                            1
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)for the year ended december 31, 2023, reflects ongoing capital expenditures, higher distribution depreciation rates in maryland effective march 2022, and higher transmission depreciation rates effective september 2022.
interest expense, net increased $8 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to the issuance of debt in 2022 and 2023.
effective income tax rates were 16.5% and 7.7% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates.
ace results of operations-ace
2023                                                                      2022                favorable (unfavorable) variance operating revenues                           $1,522                  $1,431                                   $91
operating expenses purchased power                                 637                     624                                  (13)
operating and maintenance                       386                     331                                  (55)
total operating expenses                      1,314                   1,225                                  (89)
operating income                                208                     206                                     2
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022. net income decreased $28 million primarily due to higher contracting costs primarily due to the ace employee strike, and an increase in depreciation expense, and interest expense, partially offset by higher transmission rates.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution in new jersey are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of the cip which became effective, prospectively, in the third quarter of 2021. the cip compares current distribution revenues by customer class to approved target revenues established in ace's most recent distribution base rate case. the cip is calculated annually, and recovery is subject to certain conditions, including an earnings test and ceilings on customer rate increases. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the ace cip.
ace at december 31, number of electric customers                                2023                        2022
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 due to higher distribution rates primarily due to the expiration of customer credits related to the tcja tax benefits.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to increases in capital investment and underlying costs.
other revenue includes rental revenue, service connection fees, and mutual assistance revenues.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, societal benefits charge, transition bonds, and bgs procurement and administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as ace remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, ace acts as the billing agent and therefore, ace does not record operating revenues or purchased power expense related to the electricity. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from ace, ace is permitted to recover the electricity, zec, and rec procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in operating revenues and purchased power expense related to the electricity, zecs, and recs.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of ace's revenue disaggregation.
the increase of $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to same period in 2022, in purchased power expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials(a)                        $41
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                      1
(b)ace is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through the societal benefits charge.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures and higher transmission depreciation rates effective september 2022.
(b)regulatory required programs decreased primarily due to the regulatory asset amortization of the ppa termination obligation which is fully offset in operating revenues.
interest expense, net increased $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to an increase in interest rates and the issuance of debt in 2022 and 2023.
effective income tax rates were 23.1% and 2.0% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
liquidity and capital resources all results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a gaap basis.
the registrants' operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations, as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. each of the registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices, and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, and fund pension and opeb obligations. the registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, the utility registrants operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. each registrant's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the registrants have access to credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $4.0 billion, as of december 31, 2023. the registrants utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings, and to issue letters of credit. see the "credit matters and cash requirements" section below for additional information. the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs, and capital expenditure requirements. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the registrants' debt and credit agreements.
cash flows related to generation have not been presented as discontinued operations and are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows for all periods presented. the exelon consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2023 includes no cash flows from generation. the exelon consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes one months of cash flows from generation. see below for additional reasons for the changes in cash flows.
cash flows from operating activities the utility registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in the case of peco, bge, and dpl, gas distribution services. the utility registrants' distribution services are provided to an established and diverse base of retail customers. the utility registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy, weather conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions. additionally, comed is required to purchase cmcs from participating nuclear-powered generating facilities for a five-year period, and all of its costs of doing so will be recovered through a new rider. the price to be paid for each cmc is established through a competitive bidding process. comed will provide net payments to, or collect net payments from, customers for the difference between customer credits issued and the credit to be received from the participating nuclear-powered generating facilities. comed's cash flows are affected by the establishment of cmc prices and the timing of recovering costs through the cmc regulatory asset.
see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
the following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 by registrant:
increase (decrease) in cash flows from operating activities                           exelon                  comed                   peco                    bge                    phi                  pepco                    dpl                      ace net income                                                                         $157                    $173                  $(13)                   $105                  $(18)                     $1                     $8                    $(28)
adjustments to reconcile net income to cash:
non-cash operating activities                                                     (864)                   (336)                  (116)                  (103)                     28                     34                   (16)                        5
collateral (paid) received, net                                                 (1,394)                      18                      -                   (41)                  (344)                   (49)                  (199)                     (96)
pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions                        487                     143                     17                     49                     54                    (1)                    (3)                        4
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities              469                   (426)                    170                    259                    193                    140                     80                     (29)
(decrease) increase in cash flows from operating activities                      $(167)                    $651                   $178                   $191                    $54                   $228                  $(45)                   $(183)
changes in the registrants' cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each registrant's respective results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business, except as discussed below. see above for additional information related to cash flows from generation. significant operating cash flow impacts for the registrants and generation for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
•see note 22 -supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and the registrants' consolidated statements of cash flows for additional information on non-cash operating activities.
•changes in collateral depended upon whether the registrant was in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, and collateral may have been required to be posted with or collected from its counterparties. in addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differed depending on whether the transactions were on an exchange or in the over-the-counter markets. changes in collateral for the utility registrants are dependent upon the credit exposure of procurement contracts that may require suppliers to post collateral. the amount of cash collateral received from external counterparties increased due to rising energy prices. see note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and the registrants' consolidated statements of cash flows for additional information on income taxes.
•changes in pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions relate to exelon's funding strategy and incremental contributions made in 2022 in connection with the separation. see note 14 - retirement benefits
•changes in regulatory assets and liabilities, net, are due to the timing of cash payments for costs recoverable, or cash receipts for costs recovered, under our regulatory mechanisms differs from the recovery period of those costs. included within the changes is energy efficiency spend for comed of $416 million and $394 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. also included within the changes is energy efficiency and demand response programs spend for bge, pepco, dpl, and ace of $132 million, $70 million, $25 million, and $20 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, respectively, and $113 million, $71 million, $28 million, and $11 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, respectively. peco had no energy efficiency and demand response programs spend recorded to a regulatory asset for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities for the utility registrants and exelon corporate total $146 million and for generation total $323 million. the change for generation primarily relates to the revolving accounts receivable financing arrangement. the change in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities for exelon corporate and the utility registrants is dependent upon the normal course of operations for all registrants. for comed, it is also dependent upon whether the participating nuclear-powered generating facilities owe money to comed as a result of the established pricing for cmcs. for the year ended december 31, 2023, the established pricing resulted in comed owing payments to nuclear-powered generating facilities, which is reported within the cash flows from operations as a change in accounts payable and accrued expense.
cash flows from investing activities the following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 by registrant:
(decrease) increase in cash flows from investing activities               exelon   comed         peco          bge                                phi                  pepco   dpl             ace capital expenditures                                                 $(261)        $(70)         $(77)         $(105)                      $(279)                  $(83)       $(132)          $(62)
collection of dpp                                                     (169)        -             -             -                                -                      -       -               -
proceeds from sales of assets and businesses                              9        -             -             -                               10                     10       -               -
significant investing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
•variances in capital expenditures are primarily due to the timing of cash expenditures for capital projects. see the "credit matters and cash requirements" section below for additional information on projected capital expenditure spending for the utility registrants. see note 2 - discontinued operations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for capital expenditures related to generation prior to the separation.
•collection of dpp relates to generation's revolving accounts receivable financing agreement which generation entered into in april 2020.
cash flows from financing activities the following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 by registrant:
(decrease) increase in cash flows from financing activities                                exelon            comed                             peco                      bge            phi                              pepco                    dpl            ace changes in short-term borrowings, net                                               $(2,199)                 $(402)                      $(313)                   $(350)                $34                         $(291)                  $(18)                $343
changes in intercompany money pool                                                         -                 -                                -                        -                (16)                             -                      -                -
issuance of common stock                                                               (423)                 -                                -                        -                -                                -                      -                -
transfer of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents to constellation               2,594                 -                                -                        -                -                                -                      -                -
significant financing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
•changes in short-term borrowings, net, is driven by repayments on and issuances of notes due in less than 365 days. refer to note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on short-term borrowings for the registrants.
•long-term debt, net, varies due to debt issuances and redemptions each year. refer to the debt issuances and redemptions tables below for additional information for the registrants.
•changes in intercompany money pool are driven by short-term borrowing needs. refer below for more information regarding the intercompany money pool.
•issuance of common stock relates to the august 2022 underwritten public offering of exelon common stock as well as 2023 issuances under the atm program. see note 19 - shareholders' equity of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•exelon's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. the payments of dividends to exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on dividend restrictions. see below for quarterly dividends declared.
•repayments on short-term borrowings, varies due to debt issuances and redemptions each year. refer to note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on repayments on short-term borrowings for the registrants.
•refer to note 2 - discontinued operations for the transfer of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents to constellation related to the separation.
•other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. see debt issuances table below for additional information on the registrants' debt issuances.
debt issuances and redemptions see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' long-term debt. debt activity for 2023 and 2022 by registrant was as follows:
company        type                                           interest rate   maturity                                  amount                                                                                                                  use of proceeds exelon         notes                                                  5.15%   march 15, 2028                            $1,000                                                                  repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
company        type                                                 interest rate   maturity                                  amount                                                                                                         use of proceeds exelon         smbc term loan agreement                           sofr plus 0.65%   july 21, 2023(b)                            $300                                                fund a cash payment to constellation and for general corporate purposes.
exelon         u.s. bank term loan agreement                      sofr plus 0.65%   july 21, 2023(b)                             300                                                fund a cash payment to constellation and for general corporate purposes.
exelon         pnc term loan agreement                            sofr plus 0.65%   july 24, 2023(b)                             250                                                fund a cash payment to constellation and for general corporate purposes.
exelon         long-term software license agreements                        2.30%   december 1, 2025                              17                                                                                        procurement of software licenses exelon         long-term software license agreements                        3.70%   august 9, 2025                                 8                                                                                        procurement of software licenses exelon         smbc term loan agreement                           sofr plus 0.85%   april 7, 2024                                500                                                         repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
(a)in connection with the issuance and sale of the notes, exelon entered into a registration rights agreement with the representatives of the initial purchasers of the notes and other parties. pursuant to the registration rights agreement, exelon filed a registration statement on august 3, 2022, with respect to an offer to exchange the notes for substantially similar notes of exelon that are registered under the securities act. an exchange offer of registered notes for the notes was completed on january 12, 2023. the registered notes issued in exchange for notes in the exchange offer have terms identical in all respects to the notes, except that their issuance was registered under the securities act.
(b)during the third quarter of 2022, the smbc term loan, u.s. bank term loan, and pnc term loan were all reclassified to long-term debt due within one year on the exelon consolidated balance sheet, given that the term loans have maturity dates of july 21, 2023, and july 24, 2023, respectively.
company        type                                                 interest rate   maturity                               amount exelon         smbc term loan agreement                           sofr plus 0.65%   july 21, 2023                       $300
exelon         us bank term loan agreement                        sofr plus 0.65%   july 21, 2023                             300
exelon         pnc term loan agreement                            sofr plus 0.65%   july 24, 2023                        250
exelon         long-term software license agreement                         3.70%   august 9, 2025                         6
exelon         long-term software license agreement                         3.95%   may 1, 2024                            2
exelon         long-term software license agreement                         3.70%   august 9, 2025                              1
exelon         long-term software license agreement                         2.30%   december 1, 2025                            4
exelon         long-term software license agreement                      3.96%   may 1, 2024                                      2
exelon         long-term software license agreement                      2.30%   december 1, 2025                                 4
comed          long-term software license agreement                      3.70%   august 9, 2025                                   1
additionally, in connection with the separation, on january 31, 2022, exelon corporate received cash from generation of $258 million to settle an intercompany loan that mirrored the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations. the loan agreements were entered into as part of the 2012 constellation merger. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the mirror debt.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the registrants may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
dividends quarterly dividends declared by the exelon board of directors during the year ended december 31, 2023 and for the first quarter of 2024 were as follows:
period                     declaration date        shareholder of          dividend payable date             cash per share(a)
(a)exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2024. the 2024 quarterly dividend will be $0.38 per share.
credit matters and cash requirements the registrants fund liquidity needs for capital expenditures, working capital, energy hedging, and other financial commitments through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets, and large, diversified credit facilities. the credit facilities include $4.0 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $2.4 billion was available to support additional commercial paper as of december 31, 2023, and of which no financial institution has more than 6% of the aggregate commitments for the registrants. the registrants had access to the commercial paper markets and had availability under their revolving credit facilities during 2023 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. exelon corporate and the utility registrants each have a 5-year revolving credit facility. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. the registrants had access to the commercial paper markets and had availability under their revolving credit facilities during 2023 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. the registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. the registrants closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising, and merger activity. see part i, item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding the effects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
the registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets, and their credit facilities provide sufficient liquidity to support the estimated future cash requirements discussed below.
on august 4, 2022, exelon entered into an agreement with certain underwriters in connection with an underwritten public offering of 12.995 million shares of its common stock, no par value. the net proceeds were $563 million before expenses paid. exelon used the proceeds, together with available cash balances, to repay $575 million in borrowings under a $1.15 billion term loan credit facility. see note 19 - shareholders' equity and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on august 4, 2022, exelon executed an equity distribution agreement ("equity distribution agreement") with certain sales agents and forward sellers and certain forward purchasers establishing an atm equity distribution program under which it may offer and sell shares of its common stock, having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $1.0 billion. exelon has no obligation to offer or sell any shares of common stock under the equity distribution agreement and may at any time suspend or terminate offers and sales under the equity distribution agreement. in november and december 2023, exelon issued approximately 3.6 million shares of common stock at an average gross price of $39.58 per share. the net proceeds from these issuances were $140 million, which were used for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2023, $858 million of common stock remained available for sale pursuant to the atm program.
pursuant to the separation agreement between exelon and constellation energy corporation, exelon made a cash payment of $1.75 billion to generation on january 31, 2022. see note 2 - discontinued operations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the separation.
the following table presents the incremental collateral that each utility registrant would have been required to provide in the event each utility registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at december 31, 2023 and available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral at december 31, 2023:
pjm credit policy collateral                      other incremental collateral required(a)                 available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral comed       $-                                                                      $-                                                                         $788
(a)represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
capital expenditures as of december 31, 2023, estimates of capital expenditures for plant additions and improvements are as follows:
(b)includes estimated capital expenditures for the utility registrants from 2025 to 2027.
(c)effective in 2024, comed has chosen to update its rate of capitalization of certain overhead costs on a prospective basis.
projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors. projected capital expenditures at the utility registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems. the utility registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
retirement benefits management considers various factors when making pension funding decisions, including actuarially determined minimum contribution requirements under erisa, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the pension protection act of 2006 (the act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. the act requires the attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). the projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100% funded status on an abo basis over time. this funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions. exelon's estimated annual qualified pension contributions will be $93 million in 2024. unlike the qualified pension plans, exelon's non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
while opeb plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, exelon does fund certain of its plans. for exelon's funded opeb plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however, exelon's management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its opeb plans, including liabilities management, levels of benefit claims paid, and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure continued rate recovery). the amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
the following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to opeb plans in 2024:
to the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. conversely, to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and opeb contribution requirements in future years could decrease. additionally, expected contributions could change if exelon changes its pension or opeb funding strategy.
see note 14 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on pension and opeb contributions.
cash requirements for other financial commitments the following tables summarize the registrants' future estimated cash payments as of december 31, 2023 under existing financial commitments:
operating leases                                             49                     302                        351                    2024 - 2099
(a)includes amounts from comed and peco financing trusts.
(b)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2023. includes estimated interest payments due to comed and peco financing trusts.
(c)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(d)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2023 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants or subsidiary and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                              -                       -                          -           2024 - 2026
(a)includes amounts from comed financing trust.
(b)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. includes estimated interest payments due to the comed financing trust.
(c)represents the future estimated value, as of december 31, 2023, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between comed and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                     -                       -                          -           2024 - 2034
(a)includes amounts from peco financing trusts.
(b)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. includes estimated interest payments due to the peco financing trusts.
(c)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(d)represents the future estimated value, as of december 31, 2023, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between peco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                     4                      34                         38           2024 - 2099
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)represents the future estimated value, as of december 31, 2023, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between bge and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                             36                     164                        200                    2024 - 2032
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2023.
(b)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)represents the future estimated value, as of december 31, 2023, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between pepco, dpl, ace, and phisco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                     7                      34                         41                    2024 - 2032
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)represents the future estimated value, as of december 31, 2023, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between pepco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                            9                      46                         55           2024 - 2031
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2023.
(b)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)represents the future estimated value, as of december 31, 2023, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between dpl and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                   3                       7                         10           2024 - 2029
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of december 31, 2023 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)represents the future estimated value, as of december 31, 2023, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between ace and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
see note 18 - commitments and contingencies and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' other commitments potentially triggered by future events. additionally, see below for where to find additional information regarding the financial commitments in the tables above in the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements:
item                                                  location within notes to the consolidated financial statements long-term debt                                        note 16 - debt and credit agreements interest payments on long-term debt                   note 16 - debt and credit agreements finance leases                                        note 10 - leases operating leases                                      note 10 - leases long-term renewable energy and rec commitments        note 3 - regulatory matters zec commitments                                       note 3 - regulatory matters dc plug obligation                                    note 3 - regulatory matters pension contributions                                 note 14 - retirement benefits credit facilities exelon corporate, comed, and bge meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper. peco meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the exelon intercompany money pool. pepco, dpl, and ace meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the phi intercompany money pool. phi corporate meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the exelon intercompany money pool. the registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the registrants' credit facilities and short term borrowing activity.
capital structure as of december 31, 2023, the capital structures of the registrants consisted of the following:
(a)as of december 31, 2022, exelon's long-term debt and common equity capital structure percentages were 57% and 38%, respectively. the change in capital structure percentages above is a result of a decrease in common equity due to the separation of constellation in addition to an increase in long-term debt issuances. see note 2 - discontinued operations for additional information regarding the separation.
(b)includes approximately $390 million, $205 million, and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of exelon, comed, and peco respectively. these special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatory redeemable trust preferred securities of comed and peco.
security ratings the registrants' access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
the registrants' borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a downgrading of a registrant's securities could increase fees and interest charges under that registrant's credit agreements.
as part of the normal course of business, the registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include the posting of additional collateral. see note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
the credit ratings for exelon corporate, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace did not change for the year ended december 31, 2023. on july 26, 2023, s&p raised comed's long-term issuer credit rating from 'bbb+' to a 'a-'. s&p also affirmed the current 'a' rating on comed's senior secured debt and 'a-2' short-term rating, which influences long and short-term borrowing cost. on december 20, 2023, moody's revised its outlook on comed to negative from stable due to the final order issued by the icc on december 14, 2023 rejecting comed's proposed grid plan and establishing retail rates for 2024-2027 as further discussed in note 3 - regulatory matters. at the same time, moody's affirmed comed's current 'a1' senior secured debt rating and its 'p-2' short-term rating.
intercompany money pool to provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost of external financing, both exelon and phi operate an intercompany money pool. maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of december 31, 2023, are presented in the following tables.
for the year ended december 31, 2023                                                 as of december 31, 2023
for the year ended december 31, 2023                                    as of december 31, 2023
shelf registration statements exelon, comed and pepco have a currently effective combined shelf registration statement that expires in 2025. peco and bge plan to file a new combined shelf registration in the first quarter of 2024. dpl and ace periodically issue securities through the private placement markets. the ability of each registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
(a)on june 29, 2023, comed filed an application for $2 billion in new money long-term debt financing authority from the icc, which was approved on december 14, 2023. the finance authority under the approved application has an effective date of january 1, 2024, and extends the expiration date to january 1, 2027.
(b)on december 21, 2022, bge received approval from the mdpsc for $1.8 billion in new long-term financing authority with an effective date of january 4, 2023.
(c)on june 9, 2022 and june 30, 2022, pepco received approval from the mdpsc and dcpsc, respectively, for $1.4 billion in new long-term financing authority. the long-term financing authority became effective on the date of respective approvals and has an expiration date of december 31, 2025.
(d)on november 2, 2022, dpl filed with the mdpsc and depsc for approval of $1.2 billion in new long-term financing authority with an effective date of december 14, 2022. the financing authority filed with mdpsc does not have an expiration date, while the financing authority filed with depsc has an expiration date of december 31, 2025.
(e)on july 14, 2023, ace filed an application with the njbpu for renewal of its short-term financing authority through december 31, 2025. ace received approval on december 20, 2023.
(f)on october 2, 2023, comed, peco, bge, pepco, and dpl filed applications with ferc for renewal of their short-term financing authority through december 31, 2025. comed, peco, pepco, and dpl received approval on december 7, 2023. bge received approval on december 8, 2023.