item 1a. risk factors we operate in a business environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. management regularly evaluates the most significant risks of its businesses and reviews those risks with the fe board and appropriate committees of the fe board. the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report should be considered carefully when evaluating firstenergy. these risk factors could affect our financial results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. below, we have identified risks we consider material. the risks that we face are not limited to those in this section. there may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with item 1, "business," item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and in other sections of this form 10-k that include forward-looking and other statements involving risks and uncertainties that could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
risks associated with damage to our reputation and hb 6 related litigation and investigations damage to our reputation may arise from numerous sources making us vulnerable to negative customer perception, adverse regulatory outcomes, or other consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our reputation is important. damage to our reputation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition and may arise from numerous sources further discussed below, including a breach of the dpa, negative outcomes associated with the sec investigation or other hb 6 litigation or investigations, a significant cyber-attack, data security or physical security breach, failure to provide safe and reliable service, and negative perceptions regarding the operation of coal-fired generation, particularly ghg emissions. any damage to our reputation may lead to negative customer perception, which may make it difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, or could adversely impact our ability to launch new sophisticated technology-driven solutions to meet our customer expectations. a damaged reputation could further result in ferc, the puco, and other regulatory and legislative authorities being less likely to view us in a favorable light, and could negatively impact the rates we charge customers or otherwise cause us to be susceptible to unfavorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements. see "risks associated with climate change, ghg emission and other environmental matters" below.
if we violate our dpa that we entered into on july 20, 2021, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, consolidated financial statements, and our ability to access capital and our liquidity.
on july 21, 2021, we entered into a three-year dpa with the u.s. attorney's office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the previously disclosed u.s. attorney's office investigation into us relating to our lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning hb 6. under the dpa, the u.s. attorney's office filed a single charge alleging that we conspired to commit honest services wire fraud. the dpa provides that the u.s. attorney's office will defer any prosecution of such conspiracy charge and any other criminal or civil case against us in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of ours, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) continued cooperation with the u.s. attorney's office in all matters relating to the conduct described in the dpa and other conduct under investigation by the u.s. government; (ii) payment of a criminal monetary penalty totaling $230 million; (iii) publication a list of all payments made in 2021 to either 501(c)(4) entities or to entities known by firstenergy to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly, and updating of the same on a quarterly basis during the term of the dpa; (iv) publication of a public acknowledgement of our conduct, including a statement, as dictated in the dpa, regarding our use of 501(c)(4) entities; and (v) continued implementation and review of our compliance and ethics program, internal controls, policies and procedures designed, implemented and enforced to prevent and detect violations of the u.s. laws throughout its operations, and to take certain related remedial measures. if we are found to have breached the terms of the dpa, the u.s. attorney's office may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, us for conduct alleged in the dpa or known to the government, which could result in fines or penalties and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation or relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as our consolidated financial statements. failure to comply with the dpa, including alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, may also result in a breach of certain covenants contained in our credit agreements and could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit during the existence of any such default.
the sec investigation and hb 6 related litigation could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
following the announcement by the u.s. attorney's office for the s.d. ohio of the investigation surrounding hb 6 in july 2020, certain of our stockholders and customers filed several lawsuits against us and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, including the federal securities class action litigation in re firstenergy corp. securities litigation (federal district court, s.d. ohio). the investigations and litigation related to hb 6 could divert management's focus and have resulted in, and could continue to result in substantial investigation expenses, and the commitment of substantial corporate resources. the outcome, duration, scope, result or related costs of the investigations and related litigation of the government investigations, particularly the sec investigation and the securities class action lawsuit discussed below, are inherently uncertain. therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. see note 14, "commitments, guarantees and contingencies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates." moreover, we are unable to predict the potential for any additional investigations or litigation, any of which could exacerbate these risks or expose us to potential criminal or civil liabilities, sanctions or other remedial measures, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
on august 10, 2020, the sec, through its division of enforcement, issued an order directing an investigation of possible securities laws violations by firstenergy, and on september 1, 2020, issued subpoenas to firstenergy and certain of its officers. we continue to cooperate with the sec in their ongoing investigation. we believe that it is probable that fe will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of the sec's investigation. given the ongoing nature and complexity of such investigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from the resolution of the sec investigation, but such resolution could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
we also believe that it is probable that fe will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of in re firstenergy corp. securities litigation. given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from its resolution. however, if it is resolved against us substantial monetary damages could result and our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
these matters are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on the trading prices of our securities, which could be material. see note 14, "commitments, guarantees and contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional details on the government investigations and subsequent litigation surrounding hb 6.
the hb 6 related state regulatory investigations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
•on august 10, 2023, the u.s. attorney for the southern district of ohio requested for the third time that the puco stay the below pending hb 6-related matters for a period of six additional months, which was approved by the puco on august 23, 2023. on september 22, 2023, occ filed an application for rehearing challenging the puco's august 23, 2023, order, which the puco denied on october 18, 2023. on november 17, 2023, occ filed an application for rehearing, and on november 27, 2023, the ohio companies filed a memorandum contra occ's application for rehearing:
▪on september 15, 2020, the puco opened a new proceeding to review the political and charitable spending by the ohio companies in support of hb 6 and the subsequent referendum effort.
▪on november 4, 2020, the puco initiated an additional corporate separation audit as a result of the firstenergy leadership transition announcement made on october 29, 2020.
▪on december 30, 2020, the puco directed puco staff to solicit a third-party auditor and conduct a full review of the dmr to ensure funds collected from customers through the dmr were only used for the purposes established in esp iv. the auditor's report was filed on january 14, 2022, and the parties submitted final comments and responses in the second quarter 2022. see "outlook - ohio" below for additional information regarding the auditor's findings.
•on march 10, 2021, the puco expanded the scope of an ongoing annual audit of the ohio companies' rider dcr for 2020 to include a review of certain transactions that were either improperly classified, misallocated, or lacked supporting documentation, and to determine whether funds collected from customers were used to pay the vendors, and if so, whether or not the funds associated with those payments should be returned to customers through rider dcr or through an alternative proceeding.
while firstenergy is committed to pursuing an open dialogue with stakeholders in an appropriate manner with respect to the numerous regulatory proceedings currently underway, firstenergy shareholders in particular are at risk of being adversely impacted because the rates our utilities and transmission companies are allowed to charge may be decreased as a result of actions taken by a regulator to which our utilities and transmission companies are subject to jurisdiction, whether as a result of the dpa, any failure to have complied with anti-corruption laws, or otherwise.
we are unable to predict the adverse impacts of such regulatory matters, including with respect to rates, and, therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. moreover, we are unable to predict the potential for any additional regulatory actions, any of which could exacerbate these risks or expose us to adverse outcomes in pending or future rate cases, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
risks associated with the execution of our strategic initiatives the inability to close the fet minority equity interest sale to brookfield announced in february 2023 may have material adverse effects on our cash flows, liquidity and financial condition.
on february 2, 2023, fe, along with fet, entered into the fet p&sa ii with brookfield and the brookfield guarantors, pursuant to which fe agreed to sell to brookfield at the closing, and brookfield agreed to purchase from fe, an incremental 30% equity interest in fet for a purchase price of $3.5 billion. the majority of the purchase price is expected to be paid in cash upon closing, and the remainder will be payable by the issuance of secured promissory notes, which is expected to be repaid by the end of 2024. as a result of the consummation of the transaction, brookfield's interest in fet will increase from 19.9% to 49.9%, while fe will retain the remaining 50.1% ownership interests of fet. the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval from the ppuc the fet minority equity interest sale is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2024. upon closing, fet will continue to be consolidated in firstenergy's financial statements.
this transaction involves various inherent risks, such as our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory and other approvals; the timing of and conditions imposed upon us by regulators in connection with such approvals; and our ability to realize the benefits expected from the transaction. in addition, various factors, including prevailing market conditions, could negatively impact the benefits we receive from this transaction. our failure to consummate this transaction in a timely manner, including satisfying all closing conditions, could have material adverse effects on our cash flows, liquidity and financial condition.
risks associated with regulation of our distribution and transmission businesses our ability to grow our distribution and transmission businesses is subject to numerous risks and events, many of which are outside of our control.
our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our transmission business depends, in part, on successful recovery of our transmission investments. factors that may affect rate recovery of our transmission investments include: (1) ferc's timely approval of rates to recover such investments; (2) whether the investments are included in pjm's regional transmission expansion plan; (3) ferc's evolving policies with respect to incentive rates for transmission assets; (4) ferc's evolving policies with respect to the calculation of the base roe component of transmission rates; (5) consideration and potential impact of the objections of those who oppose such investments and their recovery; and (6) timely development, construction, and operation of the new facilities.
our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our distribution business depends, in part, on any future distribution rate cases or other filings seeking cost recovery for distribution system enhancements in the states where our utilities operate and transmission rate filings at ferc, including maintaining the affordability of the rates charged to customers. any denial of, or delay in, the approval of any future distribution or transmission rate requests could restrict us from fully recovering our cost of service, may impose risks on the distribution and transmission operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our regulatory strategy, results of operations and financial condition.
our efforts also could be adversely impacted by any impediments to our ability to finance the proposed expansion projects while maintaining adequate liquidity. there can be no assurance that our investment strategy in our distribution and transmission businesses will deliver the desired result, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
complex and changing government regulations and actions, including those associated with rates, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence our operating environment. changes in, or reinterpretations of, existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, have in the past and could in the future require us to incur additional costs, which could be substantial, or change the way we conduct our business, and therefore could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
particularly, our utilities and transmission companies provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions. thus, the rates the utilities and transmission companies are allowed to charge may be decreased as a result of actions taken by ferc or by a state regulatory commission in the states in which our utilities operate. also, these rates may not be set to recover such applicable utility's expenses at any given time. additionally, there may also be a delay between the timing of when costs are incurred and when costs are recovered, if at all. while rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable return on investments and recovery of operating expenses, there can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will determine that all of our costs have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce full recovery of our costs in a timely manner.
state rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. any denial of or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition.
each of the utilities' retail rates are set by its respective regulatory agency for utilities in the state in which it operates - in maryland by the mdpsc, in new jersey by the njbpu, in ohio by the puco, in pennsylvania by the ppuc, in west virginia by the wvpsc and in new york by the nypsc - through traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. as a result, any of the utilities may not be permitted to recover its costs and, even if it is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time it incurs such costs and the time it is allowed to recover them. factors that may affect outcomes in the distribution rate cases include, but are not limited to: (i) the value of plant in service; (ii) authorized rate of return; (iii) capital structure (including hypothetical capital structures); (iv) depreciation rates; (v) the allocation of shared costs, including consolidated deferred income taxes and income taxes payable across the utilities; (vi) regulatory approval of rate recovery mechanisms for capital investment spending programs; and (vii) the accuracy of forecasts used for ratemaking purposes in "future test year" cases.
firstenergy can provide no assurance that any base rate request filed by any of the utilities will be granted in whole or in part. any denial of, or delay in, any base rate request could restrict the applicable utility from fully recovering its costs of service, may impose risks on its operations, and may negatively impact such utility's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. in addition, to the extent that any of the utilities seeks an increase in rates, pressure may be exerted on the applicable legislators and regulators to take steps to control rate increases, including through some form of rate increase moderation, reduction or freeze. any related public discourse and debate, including with respect to the hb 6 investigation or litigation, can increase uncertainty associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues that are ultimately obtained, and the ability of the utility to recover costs. such uncertainty may restrict operational flexibility and resources, reduce liquidity and increase financing costs.
federal rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. any denial or reduction of, or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
ferc policy currently permits recovery of prudently incurred costs associated with cost-of-service-based wholesale power rates and the expansion and updating of transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction. ferc's policies on recovery of transmission costs continue to evolve, evidenced by ongoing proceedings to determine an appropriate roe methodology to determine transmission roes, and to determine whether ferc's existing policies on transmission rate incentives should be revised. if ferc were to adopt a different policy regarding recovery of transmission costs or if there is any resulting delay in cost recovery, our strategy of investing in transmission could be adversely affected. if ferc were to lower the rate of return it has authorized for firstenergy's cost-based wholesale power rates or transmission investments and facilities, it could reduce future earnings and cash flows, and adversely impact our financial condition.
we could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards set by nerc/ferc or changes in the rules of organized markets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
owners, operators, and users of the bulk electric system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and approved by ferc. the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure that the bulk electric system operates reliably. nerc, rfc and ferc can be expected to continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as develop and adopt new reliability standards. compliance with modified or new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased investments. if we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. ferc has authority to impose penalties up to and including $1.5 million per day for failure to comply with these mandatory electric reliability standards.
in addition, pjm may direct our transmission-owning affiliates to build new transmission facilities to meet pjm's reliability requirements or to provide new or expanded transmission service under the pjm tariff.
we may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in rto transmission rate design. we may be required to expand our transmission system according to decisions made by an rto rather than our own internal planning processes. various proposals and proceedings before ferc may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. in addition, rtos have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on us.
as a member of pjm, which is an rto, we are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among members of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in pjm's market and those associated with complaint cases filed against pjm that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by its members.
risks related to our business operations the hazardous activities associated with generation and distribution of electricity could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks, such as earthquakes, floods, lightning, hurricanes and wind, hazards, such as fire, explosion, collapse and machinery failure, are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error or actions of third parties or other external events. the control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans, and specific programs supported by quality control systems, which may not prevent the occurrence and impact of these risks.
the hazards described above, along with other safety hazards associated with our operations, can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties.
our business is affected by variations in weather and severe weather conditions.
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electric power. demand for power generally peaks during the summer and winter months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. overall operating results may fluctuate based on weather conditions. in addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently received less revenue, when seasonal weather conditions are milder. for example, in 2023, residential and commercial distribution deliveries were impacted by lower customer usage as a result of the weather. heating degree days in 2023 were 14% below 2022 and 15% below normal. cooling degree days in 2023 were 23% below 2022 and 15% below normal.
in addition, severe weather, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, ice or snowstorms, droughts, high winds or other natural disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be recoverable from customers. the effect of the failure of our facilities to operate as planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome during a peak demand period and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which adverse effects could be further exacerbated by an increased frequency of such severe weather events.
cyber-attacks, electronic or physical data security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems, or those of third parties we are connected to or do business with, could compromise our business operations, critical and proprietary information and employee and customer data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
in the ordinary course of our business, we depend on information technology systems that utilize sophisticated operational systems and network infrastructure to run all facets of our regulated generation, transmission and distribution services. additionally, we store sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information regarding our business, employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and other individuals in our data centers and on our networks. we may also need to provide sensitive data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information. the secure maintenance of information and information technology systems is critical to our operations.
over the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency of cyber-attacks by terrorists, hackers, international activist organizations, foreign governments and individuals. these and other unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our network systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business in many ways, including directly through our network infrastructure or through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception against our employees, contractors and temporary staff. additionally, our information and information technology systems and those of our vendors and service providers may be increasingly vulnerable to data security breaches, damage and/or interruption due to viruses, ransomware, unauthorized physical access, theft of access devices, human error, malfeasance, faulty password management or other malfunctions and disruptions. further, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information and/or security.
as a source of critical infrastructure, the energy industry is at heightened threat of cyber-attacks, which are becoming increasingly more difficult to anticipate and prevent due to their rapidly evolving nature. we cannot anticipate, detect, or implement fully preventive measures against all cyber security threats because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. for example, as artificial intelligence continues to evolve, cyber-attackers could use artificial intelligence to develop malicious code, denial-of-service attacks, sophisticated phishing attempts and other attacks leading to data loss, loss of operational control, or exploitation of inherent vulnerabilities.
in addition, the increased use of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices, as well as ongoing remote work-from-home arrangements for a substantial portion of our corporate employees, may also heighten these and other operational risks. furthermore, economic sanctions issued by one country against another, such as those issued by the u.s. and other countries against russia in response to its war with ukraine, or other increasing global geopolitical tensions, such as the war between israel and hamas, could increase the risk of state-sponsored cyber-attacks.
despite security measures and safeguards we have employed, including certain measures implemented pursuant to mandatory nerc critical infrastructure protection standards, our infrastructure, as well as the transmission facilities of third parties with whom we are interconnected, may be increasingly vulnerable to such attacks as a result of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which attempts to defeat security measures and gain access to our information technology systems may be made. because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by cyber-attacks or other unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. given the rapidly evolving nature, sophistication, and complexity of cyber-attacks, despite our reasonable efforts to mitigate and prevent such attacks, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, detect, or implement effective preventive measures to protect against all cyber-attack incidents.
any actual or perceived cyber-attack, data security breach, damage, interruption and/or defect could: (i) disable our generation, transmission (including our interconnected regional transmission grid) and/or distribution services for a significant period of time; (ii) delay development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects; (iii) adversely affect our customer operations; (iv) expose us to increased risk of lawsuits; (v) expose us to increased risk of regulatory penalties; (vi) expose us to increased risk of loss of potential or existing customers; (vii) expose us to increased risk of damage relating to loss of proprietary information; (viii) corrupt data; and/or (ix) result in unauthorized access to the information stored in our data centers and on our networks and those of our vendors and service providers, including, company proprietary information, supplier information, employee data, and personal customer data, causing the information to be publicly disclosed, lost or stolen or result in incidents that could result in economic loss and liability and harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. additionally, because our regulated generation, transmission and distribution services are part of an interconnected system, disruption caused by a cyber security incident at another utility, electric generator, rto, or commodity supplier could also adversely affect our operations.
although we maintain cyber insurance and property and casualty insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur, including as a result of cyber security-related litigation, will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. further, as cyber threats continually evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, there can be no assurance that we can implement or maintain adequate preventive measures, accurately assess the likelihood of a cyber-incident or quantify potential liabilities or losses. also, we may not discover any data security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the data security breach occurs particularly those of our vendors and service providers.
for all of these reasons, any such cyber incident could result in significant lost revenue, the inability to conduct critical business functions and serve customers for a significant period of time, the loss of confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information, including but not limited to personal information of our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and other third parties, the use of significant management resources, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, significant remediation costs, increased regulation, increased capital costs, increased insurance costs, increased protection costs for enhanced cyber security systems or personnel, damage to our reputation and/or the rendering of our internal controls ineffective, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
if our cost saving initiatives do not achieve the expected benefits, there could be negative impacts to firstenergy's business, results of operations and financial condition.
firstenergy is engaged in an ongoing effort to create a culture of continuous improvement to strategically reduce our operating expenditures and continually reinvest in a more diverse capital program in support of our long-term strategy. firstenergy leverages opportunities to reduce costs - such as filling only critical positions, implementing our facility optimization plans, as well as exploring other additional, sustainable opportunities, such as reducing contractor spend. there can be no assurance that implementation of our continuous improvement culture will allow us to realize the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner, if at all.
our ability to achieve the continued benefits from our cost saving initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions as well as our ability to hire recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and implement a culture of continuous improvement. firstenergy could experience unexpected delays and business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives, decreased productivity, and higher than anticipated costs, any of which may impair our ability to reduce operating expenditures and to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm firstenergy's business, results of operations and financial condition.
inflation and interest rate pressures may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
prices for equipment, materials, supplies, employee labor contractor services, together with the cost of variable-rate debt have increased during 2023, and could continue to increase in 2024 and beyond. long-term inflationary pressures may result in such prices continuing to increase more quickly than expected. inflation increases costs for labor, materials and services, and we may be unable to secure these resources on economically acceptable terms or offset such costs with increased revenues, operating efficiencies, or cost savings, which may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
continued supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
we have continued to experience supply chain challenges due to economic conditions that developed during the covid-19 pandemic, with order lead times increasing across numerous material categories and with some as much as tripling from pre-pandemic lead times. several key suppliers have struggled with labor shortages and raw material availability, which along with increasing inflationary pressure, have increased the costs and decreased the availability of certain materials, equipment and contractors. firstenergy has taken steps to mitigate these risks and does not currently expect service disruptions or any material impact on its capital spending plan. however, the situation is subject to change and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on firstenergy's results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
we are subject to financial performance risks from regional and general economic cycles as well as data centers and heavy industries such as shale gas, automotive, chemical and steel.
our business follows economic cycles. economic conditions, including inflationary and interest rate pressures, impact the demand for electricity and therefore declines in the demand for electricity will reduce our revenues. the regional economy in which our utilities operate is influenced by conditions in industries in our business territories, e.g., data centers, shale gas, automotive, chemical, steel and other heavy industries, and as these conditions and resultant demand of those industries for electricity generation changes, our revenues will be impacted.
we are subject to risks arising from the operation of our power plants and transmission and distribution equipment which could reduce revenues, increase expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
operation of generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, human error in operations or maintenance, acts of terrorism or sabotage, cyber-attacks, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements and governmental interventions, and operational performance below expected levels. in addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.
capital investments and construction projects may not be completed within forecasted budget, schedule or scope parameters or could be canceled which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our energize365 business plan calls for extensive capital investments totaling approximately $26 billion from 2024 through 2028, including but not limited to our transmission expansion program and our distribution grid modernization, resiliency and reliability programs. we may be exposed to the risk of substantial price increases in, or the adequacy or availability of, the costs of labor and materials used in construction, nonperformance of equipment and increased costs due to inflation, delays, including delays relating to the procurement of permits or approvals, adverse weather or environmental matters. we engage numerous contractors and enter into a large number of construction agreements to acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction-related services. as a result, we are also exposed to the risk that these contractors and other counterparties could breach their obligations to us. such risk could include our contractors' inabilities to procure sufficient skilled labor as well as potential work stoppages by that labor force. should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, with resulting delays in those and other projects. although our agreements are designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than these mitigation provisions. also, because we enter into construction agreements for the necessary materials and to obtain the required construction related services, any cancellation by firstenergy of a construction agreement could result in significant termination payments or penalties. any delays, increased costs or losses, or cancellation of a construction project could adversely affect our business and results of operations, particularly if we are not permitted to recover any such costs in rates.
physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks on any of our facilities or other infrastructure could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
as a result of the continued threat of physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks in the united states, our electric generation, fuel storage, transmission and distribution facilities and other infrastructure, including power plants, transformer and high voltage lines and substations, or the facilities or other infrastructure of an interconnected company, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attack, which could result in disruption of our ability to generate, purchase, transmit or distribute electricity for a significant period of time, otherwise disrupt our customer operations and/or result in incidents that could result in harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. any such disruption or incident could result in a significant decrease in revenue, significant additional capital and operating costs, including costs to implement additional security systems or personnel to purchase electricity and to replace or repair our assets over and above any available insurance reimbursement, higher insurance deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive insurance policies, legal claims or proceedings, greater regulation with higher attendant costs, generally, and significant damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results.
we are committed to providing safe and reliable service and equipment in our franchised service territories. meeting this commitment requires the expenditure of significant capital resources. however, our employees, contractors and the general public may be exposed to dangerous environments due to the nature of our operations. failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment due to various factors, including cyber or physical attacks, equipment failure, accidents weather or natural disasters, could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results through reduced revenues, increased capital and operating costs, litigation or the imposition of penalties/fines or other adverse regulatory outcomes.
the outcome of litigation, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings involving our business, or that of one or more of our operating subsidiaries, is unpredictable. an adverse decision in any material proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are involved in a number of litigation, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings, including with respect to asbestos claims. these and other matters may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. further, no assurances can be given that the resolution of these matters will be favorable to us. if certain matters were ultimately resolved unfavorably to us, the results of operations and financial condition of firstenergy could be materially adversely impacted.
in addition, we are sometimes subject to investigations and inquiries by various state and federal regulators due to the heavily regulated nature of our industry. any material inquiry or investigation could potentially result in an adverse ruling against us, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.
we face certain human resource risks associated with potential labor disruptions and/or with the availability of trained and qualified labor to meet our future staffing requirements.
we are continually challenged to find ways to balance the retention of our aging skilled workforce while recruiting new talent to mitigate losses in critical knowledge and skills due to retirements. workforce demographic issues challenge employers nationwide and are of particular concern to the electric utility industry. on may 9, 2023, firstenergy announced a voluntary retirement program for eligible non-bargaining employees, known as the peer. more than 65% of eligible employees, totaling approximately 450 employees, accepted the peer, which included lump sum compensation equivalent to severance benefits, healthcare continuation costs and a temporary pension enhancement. most peer participating employees departed in 2023. our costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees and productivity costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be negatively affected.
additionally, a significant number of our physical workforce are represented by unions. while we believe that our relations with our employees are generally fair, we cannot provide assurances that the company will be completely free of labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, lockouts or that any labor disruption will be favorably resolved. mitigating these risks could require additional financial commitments and the failure to prevent labor disruptions and retain and/or attract trained and qualified labor could have an adverse effect on our business.
significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including our health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.
we continually focus on limiting and reducing where possible, our operation and maintenance expenses. however, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures related to operation and maintenance expenses, including in the areas of health care and pension costs. we have experienced health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our cash outlay for health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken requiring employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. the measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations and costs is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, many of which relate to factors beyond our control. these assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, discount rates, health care cost trends, benefit design changes, salary increases, the demographics of plan participants and regulatory requirements. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates-pension and opeb accounting." while we anticipate that our operation and maintenance expenses will continue to increase, if actual results differ materially from our assumptions, our costs could be significantly higher than expected which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
advances and widespread adoption in distributed generation and regulatory policies may make our facilities significantly less competitive and adversely affect our results of operations.
traditionally, electricity is generated at large, central station generation facilities distributed by our systems. this method results in economies of scale and lower unit costs than newer generation technologies such as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic solar cells. it is possible that advances in newer generation technologies will make newer generation technologies more cost-effective, or that legislation addressing climate change at the federal or state level together with changes in regulatory policy will create incentives or benefits that otherwise make these newer generation technologies even more competitive with central station electricity production. to the extent that newer generation technologies are connected directly to load, bypassing the transmission and distribution systems, potential impacts could include decreased transmission and distribution revenues, stranded assets and increased uncertainty in load forecasting and integrated resource planning and could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
energy companies are subject to adverse publicity causing less favorable regulatory and legislative outcomes which could have an adverse impact on our business.
energy companies, including the utilities and transmission companies, have been the subject of criticism on matters including the reliability of their distribution services and the speed with which they are able to respond to power outages, such as those caused by storm damage. adverse publicity of this nature, as well as negative publicity associated with the operation of coal-fired generation or proceedings seeking regulatory recoveries may cause less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes and damage our reputation, which could have an adverse impact on our business.
our results of operations could be adversely affected by events beyond our control, such as natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, negative global climate patterns, mine subsidence, or other catastrophic events.
our operations, or those of our vendors or suppliers, could be negatively impacted by various events beyond our control, including, but not limited to: natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, extreme cold weather events and other adverse weather conditions; public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war, labor unrest, and other political instability (including, without limitation, the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and the war between israel and hamas); negative global climate patterns, especially in water stressed regions; surface subsidence from underground mining impacting our facilities; or other catastrophic events, such as fires or other disasters occurring at our distribution facilities or our service providers' facilities, whether occurring in the united states or internationally. these events could disrupt the operations of our corporate offices and our supply chain and those of our vendors and service providers, as well as disrupting our infrastructure and that of third parties with whom we are connected. to the extent any of these events occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected.
risks associated with climate change, ghg emissions and other environmental matters our aspirations and disclosures related to eesg matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance.
we have published statements concerning our eesg goals and aspirations and, in february 2024, we published a climate position and strategy that included an update on our previously-announced ghg emission goals. we are targeting scope 1 carbon neutrality by 2050, which for us includes emission from coal generation, sf6 leaks from transmission and distribution equipment, and our mobile fleet (i.e., vehicles). these statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities. conversely, certain "anti-environmental, social and governance" sentiment among some individuals and government institutions pose the risk that we may face increasing scrutiny, reputational risk, or lawsuits from these parties regarding our eesg initiatives.
our ability to achieve any eesg objective is subject to our ability to make operational changes and is conditioned upon numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such risks include the evolving regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate, the prevalence of certain eesg standards or disclosures, the evolving laws applicable to environmental, social and governance matters, and the availability of funds to invest in eesg initiatives in times where we are seeking to reduce costs.
standards for tracking and reporting eesg matters continue to evolve. our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. methodologies for reporting eesg data may be updated and previously reported eesg data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. our processes and controls for reporting eesg matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting eesg metrics, including eesg-related disclosures that may be required by the sec, european and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. if our eesg practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation or our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror, service provider or employer could be negatively impacted.
we have coal-fired generation capacity, which exposes us to risk from regulations relating to coal, ghgs and ccrs, which could lead to increased costs or the need to spend significant resources to defend allegations of violation.
we own and maintain coal-fired generating plants located in west virginia. historically, coal-fired generation has greater exposure to the costs of complying with federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air emissions, including ghgs and ccr disposal, than other types of electric generation facilities. to the extent that changes in government policies limit or restrict the usage of coal as a source of fuel in generating electricity or alternate fuels, such as natural gas, or displace coal on a competitive basis, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. these legal requirements and any future initiatives could impose substantial additional costs and, in the case of ghg requirements, could raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities and could require our coal-fired generation to curtail generation or cease to generate. failure to comply with any such existing or future legal requirements may also result in the assessment of fines and penalties. significant resources also may be expended to defend against allegations of violations of any such requirements.
concerns about ghg emissions and the potential risks associated with climate change have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact our businesses.
federal and various regional and state authorities regulate ghg emissions, including co2 emissions and have created financial incentives to reduce them. in 2022, firstenergy operated businesses that had total co2 emissions of approximately 16.5 million metric tons. for existing power generation plants, co2 emissions data are either obtained directly from plant continuous emission monitoring systems or calculated from actual fuel heat inputs and fuel type co2 emission factors. this estimate is based on a number of projections and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, such as the forecasted dispatch, anticipated plant efficiency, fuel type, co2 emissions rates and our subsidiaries' achieving completion of such construction and development projects. while actual emissions may vary substantially, the projects under construction or development when completed will increase emissions of our portfolio and therefore could increase the risks associated with regulation of ghg emissions.
in 2010, the epa adopted regulations pertaining to ghg emissions that require new and existing sources of ghg emissions to potentially obtain new source review permits from the epa prior to construction or modification. in 2016, the u.s. supreme court ruled that such permitting would only be required if such sources also must obtain a new source review permit for increases in other regulated pollutants. for further discussion of the regulation of ghg emissions, see item 1.-business-environmental matters - climate change, above. the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change's paris agreement established a long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature well below 2°c above pre-industrial levels. we anticipate that the paris agreement will continue the trend toward efforts to decarbonize the global economy and to further limit ghg emissions.
furthermore, the sec has proposed climate-related disclosure rules that have not yet been enacted as of the date of this report, and certain states have begun to pass their own laws related to ghg emissions. the impact of ghg regulation on our operations will depend on a number of factors, including the degree and timing of ghg emissions reductions required under any such legislation or regulation, the cost of emissions reduction equipment and the price and availability of offsets, the extent to which market based compliance options are available, the extent to which our subsidiaries would be entitled to receive ghg emissions allowances without having to purchase them in an auction or on the open market and the impact of such legislation or regulation on the ability of our subsidiaries to recover costs incurred through rate increases or otherwise. the costs of compliance could be substantial.
we have a minority ownership stake in a coal mine that requires governmental permits and approvals to operate, and a failure of the coal mine to renew and maintain such permits and approvals may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow.
fev currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in global holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the signal peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. the viability of our investment depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: signal peak's ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with federal, state, and local safety and environmental statutes, rules, and regulations affecting the coal mining industry. failure by signal peak to renew and maintain necessary permits and approvals, and to comply with any such statutes, rules and regulations, may impair its operations and the ability to generate cash flows necessary for global holding to pay future dividends and contribute to firstenergy's earnings.
signal peak operates a single underground coal mine in south-central montana and must obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals that impose strict conditions and obligations relating to, among other things, various environmental and safety matters in connection with its mining and coal transportation operations. the rules applicable to these permits and approvals are complex and can change over time. regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance. in addition, the public has the right to comment on permit applications and otherwise participate in the permitting process, including through court intervention. limitations on signal peak's ability to conduct its mining operations due to its inability to obtain or renew necessary permits or similar approvals could materially reduce or even halt production at the mine resulting in an adverse effect on our balance sheet, results of operations and cash flow.
signal peak is currently a party to litigation that is challenging the validity of its permit to expand its mine into adjacent leased federal coal reserves. after receiving initial approval in 2015 from the osmre to expand the mine, environmental non-governmental organizations filed suit in the united states district court for the district of montana the same year challenging osmre's environmental assessment, which was a finding of no significant impact, and the expansion approval. the district court affirmed osmre's conclusions. in april 2022, the ninth circuit court reversed the district court's ruling affirming the expansion approval and remanded the case back to the district court. on february 10, 2023, the district court vacated the permit issued by osmre, which restricts signal peak's ability to mine federal coal until osmre completes an environmental impact statement and reissues the permit. while the district court's ruling is not expected to materially impede signal peak's ability to conduct its mining operations over the next 12-24 months, the inability to successfully obtain the permit from osmre would prohibit signal peak from mining those adjacent leased federal coal reserves and could further adversely impact signal peak from efficiently and economically conducting its mining operations thus reducing its production, cash flow and profitability.
costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with new environmental laws, including limitations on ghg emissions related to climate change, could adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.
our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations. compliance with these legal requirements requires us to incur costs for, among other things, installation and operation of pollution control equipment, emissions monitoring and fees, remediation and permitting at our facilities. these expenditures have been significant in the past and may increase in the future. we may be forced to shut down other facilities or change their operating status, either temporarily or permanently, if we are unable to comply with these or other existing or new environmental requirements, or if the expenditures required to comply with such requirements are unreasonable.
moreover, new environmental laws or regulations including, but not limited to ghg emissions, clean water act effluent limitations imposing more stringent water discharge regulations, or other changes to existing environmental laws or regulations may materially increase our costs of compliance or accelerate the timing of capital expenditures or other capital-like investments. our compliance strategy, including but not limited to, our assumptions regarding estimated compliance costs, although reasonably based on available information, may not successfully address future relevant standards and interpretations. if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or new interpretations of longstanding requirements, even if caused by factors beyond our control, that failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal liability and fines. in addition, any alleged violation of environmental laws and regulations may require us to expend significant resources to defend against any such alleged violations. due to the uncertainty of control technologies available to reduce ghg emissions, any legal obligation that requires substantial reductions of ghg emissions could result in substantial additional costs, adversely affecting cash flows and profitability, and raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities.
the epa may conduct nsr investigations at our generating plants, which could result in the imposition of fines.
we may be subject to risks from changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations, including, for example, the applicability of the epa's nsr programs. under the caa, modification of our generation facilities in a manner that results in increased emissions could subject our existing generation facilities to the far more stringent new source standards applicable to new generation facilities.
the epa has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers, have been modifying emissions sources in violation of nsr standards during work considered by the companies to be routine maintenance. the epa has previously investigated alleged violations of the nsr standards at certain of our existing and former generating facilities. should the epa investigate our generating plants in the future, it could, if violations were discovered, result in the imposition of fines.
we are or may be subject to environmental liabilities, including costs of remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly owned facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may be subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we may have generated regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. we are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and we may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. we also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of gas and the production and delivery of electricity for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. remediation activities associated with our former mgp operations are one source of such costs. citizen groups or others may bring litigation over environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury, and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, such as opacity and other air quality standards, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. we cannot predict the amount and timing of all future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although we expect that they could be material. in addition, there can be no assurance that any liabilities, losses or expenditures we may incur related to such environmental liabilities or contamination will be covered under any applicable insurance policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate.
in some cases, a third party who has acquired assets including operating and deactivated nuclear power stations from us has assumed the liability we may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. if the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability or disputes its responsibility, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold us responsible, and our remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee.
we could be exposed to private rights of action relating to environmental matters seeking damages under various state and federal law theories which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and business operations.
private individuals may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other relief. for example, claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that co2 emissions from power generating facilities constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law. while firstenergy is not a party to this litigation, it, and/or one of its subsidiaries, could be named in other actions making similar allegations. an unfavorable ruling in any such case could result in the need to make modifications to our coal-fired generation or reduce emissions, suspend operations or pay money damages or penalties. adverse rulings in these or other types of actions could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and could significantly impact our business operations.
transition risks associated with climate change, including those related to regulatory mandates could negatively impact our financial results.
where federal or state legislation mandates the use of renewable fuel sources, such as wind and solar and such legislation does not also provide for adequate cost recovery of our revenue requirements, it could result in significant changes in our business, including material increases in renewable energy credit purchase costs, purchased power costs and capital investments, as such costs are spread over reduced sales volumes. such mandatory renewable portfolio requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
a number of regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced requirements and/or incentives to reduce peak demand and energy consumption. such conservation programs have previously resulted in and could result in further load reduction and adversely impact our financial results in different ways. we currently have energy efficiency riders in place in certain of our states to recover the cost of these programs either at or near a current recovery time frame in the states where we operate.
in our regulated operations, energy conservation could negatively impact us depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. should we be required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact. in the past, we have been adversely impacted by reduced electric usage due in part to energy conservation efforts such as the use of efficient lighting products such as compact fluorescent lights, halogens and light emitting diodes. we are unable to determine what impact, if any, future conservation activities will have on our financial condition or results of operations.
additionally, failure to meet regulatory or legislative requirements to reduce energy consumption or otherwise increase energy efficiency could result in penalties that could adversely affect our financial results.
financial and reputational risks associated with owning coal-fired generation and a minority-interest in a coal mine may have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows.
mp's fleet consists of 3,093 mws of coal-fired generation and fev holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in global holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the signal peak mining and coal transportation operations with international coal sales. certain members of the investment community have adopted investment policies promoting the divestment of, or otherwise limiting new investments in, coal-fired generation and coal mining. the impact of such efforts may adversely affect the demand for and price of our common stock and impact our and mp's access to the capital and financial markets. further, certain insurance companies have established policies limiting coal-related underwriting and investment. consequently, these policies aimed at coal-fired generation could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
the physical risks associated with climate change may have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows.
physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent or more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, and other related phenomena, could affect some, or all, of our operations. severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. an extreme weather event within the utilities' service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. further, as extreme weather conditions increase system stress, we may incur costs relating to additional system backup or service interruptions, and in some instances, we may be unable to recover such costs. for all of these reasons, these physical risks could have an adverse financial impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows. climate change poses other financial risks as well. to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes. increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in additional system assets and purchase additional power. additionally, decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues, margins or earnings.
risks associated with markets and financial matters our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the volatility in pension and opeb investments and obligations due to capital market performance and other changes.
firstenergy recognizes in income the change in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses for its pension and opeb plans. this adjustment is recognized in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement, resulting in greater volatility in pension and opeb expenses and therefore may materially impact our results of operations.
our financial statements reflect the values of the assets held in trust to satisfy our obligations under pension and opeb plans. certain of the assets held in these trusts do not have readily determinable market values. changes in the estimates and assumptions inherent in the value of these assets could affect the value of the trusts. if the value of the assets held by the trusts declines by a material amount, our funding obligation to the trusts could materially increase. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected return rates. forecasting investment earnings and costs to pay future pension and other obligations requires significant judgment and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. capital market conditions that generate investment losses or that negatively impact the discount rate and increase the present value of liabilities may increase our future pension and opeb expenses and further may have significant impacts on the value of the pension and other trust funds, which could require significant additional funding and negatively impact our results of operations and financial position. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates--pension and opeb accounting."
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by certain risks related to our minority interest in a coal mine.
fev currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in global holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the signal peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. in the second quarter of 2022, fev received its first dividend of $20 million after more than ten years of equity ownership in the joint venture and received total dividends in 2022 and 2023 of $170 million and $165 million, respectively. additionally, during 2022 and 2023, firstenergy recognized approximately $168 million and $175 million of pre-tax earnings, respectively, from its investment in global holding. global holding's ability to positively affect our results of operations or pay future dividends depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the market price of coal, the availability and reliability of transportation facilities and other systems, geopolitical stability in international markets, and global holding's ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with safety and environmental regulations affecting the coal mining industry.
the price for signal peak's coal depends upon factors beyond our control, including: overall global economic and geopolitical conditions, the effect of worldwide energy consumption, including the impact of technological advances on energy consumption; international developments impacting the supply of coal; international developments impacting the supply of oil & gas; and the impact of domestic and foreign governmental laws and regulations, including environmental and climate change regulations. any adverse change in these factors could result in weaker demand and lower prices for global holding's products, and, as a result, could impact global holding's ability to pay future dividends, which in turn could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations.
failure to comply with debt covenants in our credit agreements or conditions could adversely affect our ability to execute future borrowings and/or require early repayment, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all.
our debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants including a requirement for fe to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters, and that each other borrower maintain a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio of no more than 65%, and 75% for fet, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter.
our credit agreements contain certain negative and affirmative covenants. our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities has been and may, in the future, be affected by events related to the ongoing government investigations or otherwise, including a failure to comply with the terms of the dpa.
a breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreements, including any breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit while any default exists. upon the occurrence of such an event of default, any amounts outstanding under our credit facilities could be declared to be immediately due and payable and all applicable commitments to extend further credit could be terminated. if indebtedness under our credit facilities is accelerated, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay the indebtedness. in addition, certain events, including but not limited to any covenant breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, an event of default under our credit agreements, and the acceleration of applicable commitments under such facilities could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flow, liquidity and results of operations.
increasing interest rates and/or a credit rating downgrade could negatively affect our or our subsidiaries' financing costs, ability to access capital and requirement to post collateral.
we have near-term exposure to interest rates from outstanding short-term indebtedness indexed to variable interest rates, and we have exposure to future interest rates to the extent we seek to raise long-term debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations and fund construction or other investment opportunities. past disruptions in capital and credit markets, as well as the u.s. federal reserve's interest rate policies, have resulted in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increased costs for variable interest rate debt securities. disruptions in capital and credit markets, or the federal reserve board's interest rate policies, could result in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. also, interest rates could change as a result of economic or other events that are beyond our risk management processes. as a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have if actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management positions were intended to hedge. although we employ risk management techniques to hedge against interest rate volatility, significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we rely on access to bank and capital markets as sources of liquidity for cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. certain of firstenergy's subsidiaries have in the past been subject to downgrade of credit ratings. any future downgrades in firstenergy or firstenergy subsidiaries' credit ratings from the nationally recognized credit rating agencies, particularly to levels below investment grade, could negatively affect our ability to access the bank and capital markets, especially in a time of uncertainty in either of those markets, and may require us to post cash collateral to support outstanding commodity positions in the wholesale market, as well as available letters of credit and other guarantees. furthermore, additional downgrades could increase the cost of such capital by causing us to incur higher interest rates and fees associated with such capital. additional rating downgrades would further increase our interest expense on certain of firstenergy's long-term debt obligations and would also further increase the fees we pay on our various existing credit facilities, thus increasing the cost of our working capital. such additional rating downgrades could also negatively impact our ability to grow our regulated businesses or execute our business strategies by substantially increasing the cost of, or limiting access to, capital.
in addition, events related to the ongoing government investigations may expose us to higher interest rates for additional indebtedness, whether as a result of ratings downgrades or otherwise, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. see "failure to comply with debt covenants in our credit agreements or conditions could adversely affect our ability to execute future borrowings and/or require early repayment, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all."
in the event of volatility or unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets, our business, including the immediate availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, our ability to meet long-term commitments and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets may be adversely affected, which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
we rely on the capital markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from our operations. we also use locs provided by various financial institutions to support our hedging operations. we also deposit cash in short-term investments. in the event of volatility in the capital and credit markets, our ability to draw on our credit facilities and cash may be adversely affected. our access to funds under those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. those institutions may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. any delay in our ability to access those funds, even for a short period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
should there be fluctuations in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant foreign or domestic financial institutions or foreign governments, our access to liquidity needed for our business could be adversely affected. unfavorable conditions could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. such measures could include deferring capital expenditures or other capital-like investments, changing hedging strategies to reduce collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.
the ira of 2022 could change the rate of taxes imposed on us and could negatively affect our cash flows and financial condition.
on august 16, 2022, president biden signed into law the ira of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a new 15% corporate amt based on afsi applicable to corporations with a three-year average afsi over $1 billion. the amt is effective for the 2023 tax year and, if applicable, corporations must pay the greater of the regular corporate income tax or the amt. although nol carryforwards created through the regular corporate income tax system cannot be used to reduce the amt, financial statement net operating losses can be used to reduce afsi and the amount of amt owed. the ira of 2022 as enacted requires the u.s. treasury to provide regulations and other guidance necessary to administer the amt, including further defining allowable adjustments to determine afsi, which directly impacts the amount of amt to be paid. based on interim guidance issued by the u.s. treasury during 2022 and 2023, firstenergy continues to believe that it is more likely than not it will be subject to the amt beginning in 2023. accordingly, firstenergy made a first quarter estimated payment of amt of approximately $49 million in april
2023. in june 2023, the u.s. treasury issued additional guidance that eliminated the requirement of corporations to include amt in quarterly estimated tax payments, pending further guidance on the application and administration of amt. therefore, as a result of guidance issued to date, the current forecast of amt obligation, and the amount of amt already paid in april 2023, firstenergy did not make any additional amt payments for the 2023 tax year. until final u.s. treasury regulations are issued, the amount of amt firstenergy pays could be significantly different than current estimates or it may not be a payer at all. the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation may also be subject to regulation by ferc and/or applicable state regulatory authorities. any adverse development in this legislation, including guidance from the u.s. treasury and/or the irs or unfavorable regulatory treatment, could negatively impact firstenergy's cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
changes in local, state or federal tax laws applicable to us or adverse audit results or tax rulings, and any resulting increases in taxes and fees, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
firstenergy is subject to various local, state and federal taxes, including income, franchise, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. we exercise significant judgment in calculating such tax obligations, booking reserves as necessary to reflect potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions we have taken and utilizing tax benefits, such as carryforwards and credits. additionally, various tax rate and fee increases may be proposed or considered in connection with such changes in local, state or federal tax law. we cannot predict whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, or whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by legislatures or regulatory bodies. any such changes, or any adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by firstenergy or its subsidiaries could have a negative impact on its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new u.s. tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be issued. a reform of u.s. tax laws may be enacted in a manner that negatively impacts our cash flow, results of operations, and financial condition.
we are a holding company and rely on cash from our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations and therefore any restrictions on the utilities and transmission companies' ability to pay dividends or make cash payments to us may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.
because fe is a holding company with no operations or cash flows of its own, our ability to meet our financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on our common stock, is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of our subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. prior to funding fe, our subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied.
for example, the utilities and transmission companies are regulated by various state utility and federal commissions that generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers are being met. those state and federal commissions could attempt to impose restrictions on the ability of the utilities and transmission companies to pay dividends or otherwise restrict cash payments to us. any inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make cash payments to us may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.
we may also provide capital contributions or debt financing to our subsidiaries under certain circumstances, which would reduce the funds available to meet financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on our common stock.
we cannot assure common shareholders that future dividend payments will be made, or if made, in what amounts they may be paid.
the fe board will continue to regularly evaluate our common stock dividend and determine whether to declare a dividend, and an appropriate amount thereof, each quarter taking into account such factors as, among other things, our earnings, financial condition and cash flows from subsidiaries, as well as general economic and competitive conditions. we cannot assure common shareholders that dividends will be paid in the future, or that, if paid, dividends will be at the same amount or with the same frequency as in the past.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements: this form 10-k includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 based on information currently available to management. such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. these statements include declarations regarding management's intents, beliefs and current expectations. these statements typically contain, but are not limited to, the terms "anticipate," "potential," "expect," "forecast," "target," "will," "intend," "believe," "project," "estimate," "plan" and similar words. forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, which may include the following (see glossary of terms for definitions of capitalized terms):
•the potential liabilities, increased costs and unanticipated developments resulting from government investigations and agreements, including those associated with compliance with or failure to comply with the dpa.
•the risks and uncertainties associated with government investigations and audits regarding hb 6 and related matters, including potential adverse impacts on federal or state regulatory matters, including, but not limited to, matters relating to rates.
•the risks and uncertainties associated with litigation, arbitration, mediation and similar proceedings, particularly regarding hb 6 related matters, including risks associated with obtaining dismissal of the derivative shareholder lawsuits.
•changes in national and regional economic conditions, including recession, rising interest rates, inflationary pressure, supply chain disruptions, higher energy costs, and workforce impacts, affecting us and/or our customers and those vendors with which we do business.
•weather conditions, such as temperature variations and severe weather conditions, or other natural disasters affecting future operating results and associated regulatory actions or outcomes in response to such conditions.
•legislative and regulatory developments, including, but not limited to, matters related to rates, compliance and enforcement activity, cyber security, and climate change.
•the risks associated with physical attacks, such as acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other acts of violence, and cyber-attacks and other disruptions to our, or our vendors', information technology system, which may compromise our operations, and data security breaches of sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information.
•the ability to accomplish or realize anticipated benefits through establishing a culture of continuous improvement and our other strategic and financial goals, including, but not limited to, overcoming current uncertainties and challenges associated with the ongoing government investigations, executing energize365, our transmission and distribution investment plan, executing on our rate filing strategy, controlling costs, improving our credit metrics, growing earnings, strengthening our balance sheet, and satisfying the conditions necessary to close the fet minority equity interest sale.
•changing market conditions affecting the measurement of certain liabilities and the value of assets held in our pension trusts may negatively impact our forecasted growth rate, results of operations, and may also cause us to make contributions to our pension sooner or in amounts that are larger than currently anticipated.
•mitigating exposure for remedial activities associated with retired and formerly owned electric generation assets.
•changes to environmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those related to climate change.
•changes in customers' demand for power, including, but not limited to, economic conditions, the impact of climate change, emerging technology, particularly with respect to electrification, energy storage and distributed sources of generation.
•the ability to access the public securities and other capital and credit markets in accordance with our financial plans, the cost of such capital and overall condition of the capital and credit markets affecting us, including the increasing number of financial institutions evaluating the impact of climate change on their investment decisions.
•future actions taken by credit rating agencies that could negatively affect either our access to or terms of financing or our financial condition and liquidity.
•changes in assumptions regarding factors such as economic conditions within our territories, the reliability of our transmission and distribution system, or the availability of capital or other resources supporting identified transmission and distribution investment opportunities.
•the potential of non-compliance with debt covenants in our credit facilities.
•human capital management challenges, including among other things, attracting and retaining appropriately trained and qualified employees and labor disruptions by our unionized workforce.
•changes to significant accounting policies.
•any changes in tax laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, the ira of 2022, or adverse tax audit results or rulings.
•the risks and other factors discussed from time to time in our sec filings.
dividends declared from time to time on our common stock during any period may in the aggregate vary from prior periods due to circumstances considered by the fe board at the time of the actual declarations. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
these forward-looking statements are also qualified by, and should be read together with, the risk factors included in (a) item 1a. risk factors, (b) item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and (c) other factors discussed herein and in firstenergy's other filings with the sec. the foregoing review of factors also should not be construed as exhaustive. new factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such factors, nor assess the impact of any such factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. we expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise, except as required by law, any forward-looking statements contained herein or in the information incorporated by reference as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
forward-looking and other statements in this annual report on form 10-k regarding our climate strategy, including our ghg emission reduction goals, are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the sec. in addition, historical, current and forward-looking statements regarding climate matters, including ghg emissions, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations firstenergy's business fe and its subsidiaries are principally involved in the transmission, distribution and generation of electricity through its reportable segments regulated distribution and regulated transmission.
on january 1, 2024, firstenergy consolidated the pennsylvania companies into fe pa, including oe subsidiary, penn, making fe pa a new, single operating entity. in addition to merging each of the pennsylvania companies with and into fe pa, with fe pa surviving such mergers as the successor-in-interest to all assets and liabilities of the pennsylvania companies, (i) wp transferred certain of its pennsylvania-based transmission assets to katco, and (ii) pn and me contributed their respective class b equity interests of mait to fe. fe pa, as of january 1, 2024, is fe's only regulated distribution utility in pennsylvania encompassing the operations previously conducted individually by the pennsylvania companies and serves an area with a population of approximately 4.5 million. fe pa operates under the rate districts of the former pennsylvania companies. firstenergy is also evaluating the legal, financial, operational and branding benefits of consolidating the ohio companies into a single ohio utility company.
the regulated distribution segment distributes electricity through firstenergy's utility operating companies, serving approximately six million customers within 65,000 square miles of ohio, pennsylvania, west virginia, maryland, new jersey and new york, and purchases power for its polr, sos, sso and default service requirements in ohio, pennsylvania, new jersey, and maryland. this segment also controls 3,580 mws of regulated electric generation capacity located primarily in west virginia and virginia. the segment's results reflect the costs of securing and delivering electric generation from transmission facilities to customers, including the deferral and amortization of certain related costs.
the service areas and number of customers served by firstenergy's regulated distribution utilities as of december 31, 2023, are summarized below:
company           area served                                                                                 customers served
the regulated transmission segment provides transmission infrastructure owned and operated by the transmission companies and certain of firstenergy's utilities (jcp&l, mp, pe and wp) to transmit electricity from generation sources to distribution facilities. the segment's revenues are derived from primarily forward-looking formula rates, pursuant to which the revenue requirement is updated annually based on a projected rate base and projected costs, which is subject to an annual true-up based on actual rate base and costs. the segment's results also reflect the net transmission expenses related to the delivery of electricity on firstenergy's transmission facilities.
as described above, brookfield holds 19.9% of the issued and outstanding membership interests of fet and has entered into an agreement to purchase from fe, an incremental 30% equity interest in fet, such that brookfield's interest in fet will increase from 19.9% to 49.9%, while fe will retain the remaining 50.1%. the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including ppuc approval, and is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2024. upon closing, fet will continue to be consolidated in firstenergy's financial statements.
corporate/other reflects corporate support and other costs not charged or attributable to the utilities or transmission companies, including fe's retained pension and opeb assets and liabilities of former subsidiaries, interest expense on fe's holding company debt and other investments or businesses that do not constitute an operating segment, including fev's investment of 33-1/3% equity ownership in global holding. additionally, reconciling adjustments for the elimination of inter-segment transactions are included in corporate/other. as of december 31, 2023, 67 mws of electric generating capacity, representing ae supply's ovec capacity entitlement, was also included in corporate/other for segment reporting. as of december 31, 2023, corporate/other had approximately $7.1 billion of external fe holding company debt.
in 2024, firstenergy changed its reportable segments to include the following:
•distribution segment, which will consist of the ohio companies and fe pa;
•integrated segment, which will consist of mp, pe and jcp&l; and
•stand-alone transmission segment, which will consist of fe's ownership in fet and katco.
on january 1, 2024, wp transferred certain of its pennsylvania-based transmission assets to katco. corporate/other will continue to reflect corporate support and other support costs not charged or attributable to the utilities or transmission companies, including fe's retained pension and opeb assets and liabilities of former subsidiaries, interest expense on fe's holding company debt and other investments or businesses that do not constitute an operating segment, including fev's investment of 33-1/3% equity ownership in global holding.
executive summary firstenergy is a forward-thinking electric utility centered on integrity, powered by a diverse team of employees, committed to making customers' lives brighter, the environment better and our communities stronger.
firstenergy's core values encompass what matters most to the company. they guide the decisions we make and the actions we take. firstenergy's core values should inspire our actions today and shine a light on who we aspire to be in the future.
•integrity: we always act ethically with honesty, humility and accountability.
•diversity, equity and inclusion: we embrace differences, ensure every employee is treated fairly and create a culture where everyone feels they belong.
•performance excellence: we pursue excellence and seek opportunities for growth, innovation and continuous improvement.
•stewardship: we positively impact our customers, communities and other stakeholders, and strive to protect the environment.
employees are encouraged and expected to have conversations with their leaders and peers about the core values and firstenergy's commitment to building a culture centered on integrity.
at firstenergy, we are dedicated to staying true to our mission and core values. we understand the impact our company can make in the world around us, which means pursuing initiatives and goals that align with our foundational principles, support our eesg and strategic priorities and positively impact our stakeholders.
to solidify our role as an industry leader, we have developed a long-term strategy with priorities that are centered on our mission statement. these priorities reflect a strong foundation with a customer-centered focus that emphasizes modern experiences, new growth and affordable energy bills, and enables the energy transition to a clean, resilient and secure electric grid.
we are proud of the steps we have already taken to demonstrate our commitment to our strategy and look forward to improving our performance and executing on these strategic priorities.
on june 1, 2023, brian x. tierney joined the fe board and began serving as president and chief executive officer of firstenergy. mr. tierney previously served as senior managing director and global head of operations and asset management at blackstone infrastructure partners. prior to joining blackstone infrastructure partners in july 2021, mr. tierney spent 23 years with aep. john w. somerhalder ii ceased serving as interim president and chief executive officer on may 31, 2023, and continues to serve as the chair of the fe board.
we are focused on making the necessary investments in our core regulated businesses, our employees and in our systems to enhance the customer experience. to execute that vision, we are shifting decision-making and accountability closer to where the work is being done to serve customers. we are making progress to fill several key executive positions in an organization that will be structured to allow greater execution at the business unit level, including the following:
•on november 30, 2023, toby l. thomas joined firstenergy as the chief operating officer. mr. thomas previously served as senior vice president, energy delivery at aep, where he was responsible for transmission engineering, construction, operations, maintenance and compliance, and creating efficiencies by bringing together transmission and distribution-related engineering and standards. mr. thomas spent 22 years at aep.
•on december 18, 2023, a. wade smith joined firstenergy as president, firstenergy utilities. mr. smith previously served as the executive vice president and chief operating officer of puget sound energy, inc. prior to joining puget sound energy, inc., mr. smith held a variety of roles and has more than 30 years of industry experience.
additionally, five business unit executives will lead our state operations and our stand-alone transmission companies. in our new organization, the business unit executives will have financial responsibility and will be accountable for regulatory direction and outcomes, as well as operational performance.
beginning in 2024, firstenergy changed its reportable segments to align with its updated organizational structure, and will include: distribution segment, which will consist of the ohio companies and fe pa; integrated segment, which will consist of mp, pe and jcp&l and provides distribution, transmission, and for mp, generation, services to their customers; and stand-alone transmission segment, which will consist of fe's ownership in fet and katco. corporate/other will continue to reflect corporate support and other support costs not charged to the distribution, integrated or transmission segments, including fe's retained pension and opeb assets and liabilities of former subsidiaries, interest expense on fe's holding company debt and other investments or businesses that do not constitute an operating segment, including fev's investment of 33-1/3% equity ownership in global holding. this will simplify its segment reporting to provide more transparency and align with its new organizational structure that allows for financial and operational decision-making in how we manage our business. this provides:
•greater transparency into our business unit performance;
•simplification of our segment reporting so entire entity resides within a segment; and
in 2023, firstenergy made investments of $3.7 billion, which was $300 million above our original plan. as a fully regulated electric utility, firstenergy is focused on stable and predictable earnings and cash flow through investments that deliver enhanced customer service and reliability. energize365 is the centerpiece of firstenergy's regulated distribution and transmission capital investment strategy that aims to utilize all investments to support our eesg and strategic priorities including clean energy, improving grid reliability and resiliency and supports a carbon neutral future. through the energize365 program, firstenergy expects approximately $26 billion in system-wide capital investments from 2024 through 2028, which is comprised of 29% distribution, 39% integrated and 32% stand-alone transmission and are focused on the following:
•energy transition: distribution and transmission investments made to support improvements in grid reliability and resiliency and support interconnection of renewable sources.
◦clean energy: including west virginia solar generation, energy efficiency, electric vehicle infrastructure and energy storage
◦grid modernization: programs to drive system resiliency through automation technology and communication, including ohio's grid mod i and ii, pennsylvania's ltiip, new jersey's energizenj, and implementing advanced metering infrastructure
▪operational flexibility projects that build capacity and support evolving grid such as interconnection of new jersey offshore wind and data center load
▪enhance system performance by implementing new designs and technologies to reduce load at risk
▪upgrade system conditions that enhance reliability
•fossil generation: projects to maintain operations of fossil plants and remain compliant with environmental regulations through the end of their useful life firstenergy believes there is a continued long-term pipeline of investment opportunities for its existing distribution and transmission infrastructure beyond those identified through 2028, which are expected to strengthen grid and cyber security and make the transmission system more reliable, robust, secure and resistant to extreme weather events, with improved operational flexibility.
firstenergy has an active regulatory calendar to support its regulated growth strategy and address the critical investments that support reliability and a smarter and cleaner electric grid, including:
•on january 13, 2023, mp and pe filed a request with the wvpsc seeking approval of new depreciation rates for existing and future capital assets. on august 22, 2023, the parties filed a unanimous settlement of the case recommending a $33 million annual increase in depreciation expense, effective april 1, 2024. an order is expected in the first quarter of 2024 concurrent with approval of mp and pe's base rate case described below;
•on march 16, 2023, jcp&l filed a base rate case in new jersey, requesting a $185 million increase in base distribution revenues, which supports investments to strengthen the energy grid, enhance the customer experience and provide assistance to low-income as well as senior citizen customers. jcp&l subsequently updated its base rate case on august 7, 2023, which, among other things, increased its proposed annual net increase in base rate distribution revenues to approximately $192 million. key proposals to the filing include: a distribution rate base of $3.1 billion, roe of 10.4%, and a capital structure of debt/equity of 48%/52%. on february 1, 2024, jcp&l, joined by various parties, filed a stipulated settlement with the njbpu resolving jcp&l's request for a distribution base rate increase. the settlement provides for an $85 million annual base distribution revenues increase for jcp&l, which, if approved by the njbpu, is expected to be effective for customers on june 1, 2024;
•on april 5, 2023, the ohio companies sought approval from the puco for its esp v. the proposed plan would maintain an eight-year term beginning june 1, 2024, and seeks to continue riders recovering costs associated with distribution infrastructure investments and approved grid modernization investments. esp v additionally proposes new riders that would support reliability, and includes provisions supporting affordability and enhancing the customer experience;
•on may 31, 2023, mp and pe filed a base rate case in west virginia requesting a $207 million increase in revenue, which supports reliability investments, grid resiliency, an enhanced customer experience and provides assistance to low-income customers. key proposals to the filing include: a distribution rate base of $3.2 billion, roe of 10.85%, and a capital structure of debt/equity of 51%/49%. on january 23, 2024, mp, pe and various parties filed with a joint settlement agreement with the wvpsc, which recommends a base rate increase of $105 million. among other things, the settlement additionally includes a new low-income customer advocacy program, storm restoration work and service reliability investments. an order is expected by the end of the first quarter of 2024 with new rates to be effective upon the issuance of such order;
•on october 18, 2023, the mdpsc issued an order approving an annual increase in base distribution rates of $28 million, effective october 19, 2023, with respect to the base rate case that pe filed on march 22, 2023. the mdpsc denied pe's request to establish a pension/opeb regulatory asset, rejected the continuation of pe's edis, and allowed recovery of most covid-19 deferred costs. the mdpsc also ordered an independent audit of certain allocations from fesc to pe and denied recovery of approximately $12 million in rate base associated with certain corporate support costs recorded to capital accounts resulting from the ferc audit. on january 3, 2024, the mdpsc issued an order granting pe's request for reconsideration and increased pe's allowed distribution rates by another $0.7 million;
•on november 9, 2023, jcp&l also filed with the njbpu a petition for approval of the second phase of its energizenj program that would, among other things, support grid modernization, system resiliency and substation modernization in technologies designed to provide enhanced customer benefits. jcp&l anticipates filing amendments to the energizenj program after receipt of approval from the njbpu of the base rate case stipulation that was filed on february 2, 2024;
•fe pa plans to file a base rate case by april 2024 and request approval for the continuation of its ltiip program by the end of the third quarter of 2024;
•the ohio companies plan to file a base rate case in the second quarter of 2024.
on february 2, 2023, fe, along with fet, entered into the fet p&sa ii with brookfield and the brookfield guarantors, pursuant to which fe agreed to sell to brookfield at the closing, and brookfield agreed to purchase from fe, an incremental 30% equity interest in fet for a purchase price of $3.5 billion. the majority of the purchase price is expected to be paid in cash upon closing, and the remainder will be payable by the issuance of a promissory note, which is expected to be repaid by the end of 2024. as a result of the consummation of the transaction, brookfield's interest in fet will increase from 19.9% to 49.9%, while fe will retain the remaining 50.1% ownership interests of fet. the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval from the ppuc. in addition, pursuant to the fet p&sa ii, firstenergy made the necessary filings with the applicable regulatory authorities for the pa consolidation. the fet minority equity interest sale is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2024. upon closing, fet will continue to be consolidated in firstenergy's financial statements.
on january 1, 2024, firstenergy consolidated the pennsylvania companies into fe pa, including oe subsidiary, penn, making fe pa a new, single operating entity. in addition to merging each of the pennsylvania companies with and into fe pa, with fe pa surviving such mergers as the successor-in-interest to all assets and liabilities of the pennsylvania companies, (i) wp transferred certain of its pennsylvania-based transmission assets to katco, and (ii) pn and me contributed their respective class b equity interests of mait to fe. fe pa, as of january 1, 2024, is fe's only regulated distribution utility in pennsylvania encompassing the operations previously conducted individually by the pennsylvania companies and serves an area with a population of approximately 4.5 million. fe pa operates under the rate districts of the former pennsylvania companies. firstenergy is also evaluating the legal, financial, operational and branding benefits of consolidating the ohio companies into a single ohio utility company.
firstenergy is focused on continuous improvement, including the strategic reduction of operating expenditures and continued reinvestment in a more diverse capital program in support of our long-term strategy. we have begun implementing our facility optimization plans, which focus on both cost savings and alignment with our flexible working arrangements, and will result in our exiting the general office in akron, ohio, and other corporate facilities in brecksville, ohio, greensburg, pennsylvania and morristown, new jersey beginning in 2024. in december 2023, firstenergy purchased the general office building with the intention to sell in the future. it is currently expected that the exit of the general office and sale will occur in 2025. our corporate headquarters will remain in akron, moving to our west akron campus, and we continue to explore real estate options and relocation opportunities for the other corporate facilities. as firstenergy continues to transform the business and implement initiatives to reduce costs, including the facility optimization plan, the impact of such actions may result in future impairments or other charges that may be significant. the result of our combined efforts will help build a stronger, more sustainable company for the near and long term.
on may 4, 2023, fe issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 2026 convertible notes, with a fixed interest rate of 4.00% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on may 1 and november 1 of each year, beginning on november 1, 2023. the 2026 convertible notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of fe, and will mature on may 1, 2026, unless required to be converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. however, fe may not elect to redeem the 2026 convertible notes prior to the maturity date. see "capital resources and liquidity - convertible notes" below for more details.
on may 9, 2023, firstenergy announced a voluntary retirement program for eligible non-bargaining employees, known as the peer. more than 65% of eligible employees, totaling approximately 450 employees, accepted the peer, which included lump sum compensation equivalent to severance benefits, healthcare continuation costs and a temporary pension enhancement. most peer participating employees departed in 2023. the temporary pension enhancement and healthcare continuation costs are classified as special termination costs within net periodic benefit costs (credits). in addition to the peer, firstenergy notified and involuntarily separated approximately 90 employees on may 9, 2023. management expects the cost savings resulting from these initiatives to support firstenergy's growth plans.
in september 2023, the fe board declared a $0.02 per share increase to the quarterly common dividend payable december 1, 2023, to $0.41 per share, which represents a 5% increase compared to the quarterly payments of $0.39 per share paid by fe since march 2020. modest dividend growth enables enhanced shareholder returns, while still allowing for continued substantial regulated investments. dividend payments are subject to declaration by the fe board and future dividend decisions determined by the fe board may be impacted by earnings growth, cash flows, credit metrics, risks and uncertainties of the government investigations and other business conditions.
in december 2023, firstenergy, executed a lift-out transaction with banner life insurance company and reinsurance group of america that transferred approximately $683 million of plan assets and $719 million of plan obligations, associated with approximately 1,900 former fes and fenoc employees, who will assume future and full responsibility to fund and administer their benefit payments. there was no change to the pension benefits for any participants as a result of the transfer. the transaction was funded by pension plan assets and resulted in a pre-tax gain of approximately $36 million, which was included in the fourth quarter 2023 pension mark-to-market charge. firstenergy expects that the transaction further de-risked potential volatility with the pension plan assets and liabilities, and firstenergy will continue to evaluate other lift-outs in the future based on market and other conditions.
climate strategy our commitment to climate is a significant component of our company's overarching strategy, especially our desire to enable the transition to a clean energy future. executing our climate strategy and advancing the transition to clean energy requires addressing, among other things: emerging federal and state decarbonization goals; physical risks of climate change; industry trends and technology advancements; and customer expectations for cleaner energy, increased usage control, and more sustainable alternatives in transportation, manufacturing and industrial processes. through our investment plan, we aim to enhance the resiliency, reliability and security of the electric system and support the integration of renewables, electric vehicles, grid modernization improvements and other emerging technologies.
as part of our climate strategy, we pledged in 2020 to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. this ghg goal addresses company-wide emissions within our direct operational control, also known as scope 1 emissions, across our transmission, distribution and regulated generation operations. at that time, we also set an interim target to reduce our ghg emissions by 30% from the 2019 baseline by 2030. after careful consideration and evaluation, we have made the determination to remove our interim target and remain focused on our 2050 goal.
firstenergy's primary focus is on our transmission and distribution businesses. however, emissions from our west virginia power stations - fort martin and harrison - serve as the primary source of our scope 1 emissions - representing approximately 99% of our overall ghg emissions as of december 31, 2022 - and greatly outnumber the emissions from our transmission and distribution operations. as such, achieving the 2030 interim target was dependent on ghg reductions at fort martin and harrison that could be realized only through a meaningful reduction in operation of these two plants prior to 2030.
in 2020, the interim target and corresponding reduction strategy were believed to be within our operational control. however, the following challenges have emerged, impeding our path to achieve the 2030 interim target:
•west virginia supports coal generation, from political, regulatory, energy and economic perspectives, as illustrated in 2023 by its energy policy initiatives and actions. we believe an intentional reduction in output at the power stations solely to reduce ghg emissions would not be prudent, as it is inconsistent with the state's energy policy. in light of the significant retirements of baseload generation scheduled through 2030, as reported by pjm, there is uncertainty about what resources will replace that generating capacity, including energy market developments that may make it more economical than originally projected to run our coal plants.
in light of these challenges, we believe it was prudent to remove our 2030 interim target.
we remain committed to achieving carbon neutrality for scope 1 emissions by 2050. while we can no longer project that we can meaningfully reduce generation-based ghg emissions in west virginia by 2030, we have publicly stated through various filings with the wvpsc, that the end of useful life date is 2035 for fort martin and 2040 for harrison. these dates are based on our assessment of when it is projected to no longer be cost effective and beneficial to customers to make the capital investments needed to keep these facilities operating effectively and in compliance with evolving environmental regulations. in 2025, firstenergy will submit an integrated resource plan to the wvpsc that will include our analysis of market conditions and identify how we believe we can best fulfill our obligation to supply our generation customers with reliable and cost-effective energy through 2040 (a requirement every five years in the state of west virginia).
in the near-term, we continue our focus on ghg reduction in our transmission and distribution businesses. these emissions are within our control, pervasive in every state across our footprint, and aligned with our long-term, forward-looking transmission and distribution strategy to enable the energy transition.
•electrifying our vehicle fleet: we're targeting 30% electrification of our light-duty and aerial truck fleet by 2030 and 100% electrification by 2050. to reach our electrification goal, we're striving for 100% electric or hybrid vehicle purchases for our light-duty and aerial truck fleet moving forward.
determination of the useful life of the regulated coal-fired generating facilities could result in changes in depreciation, and/or continued collection of net plant in rates after retirement, securitization, sale, impairment or regulatory disallowances. if mp is unable to recover these costs, it could have a material adverse effect on firstenergy's and/or mp's financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
hb 6 and related investigations on july 21, 2021, fe entered into a three-year dpa with the u.s. attorney's office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the u.s. attorney's office investigation into firstenergy relating to firstenergy's lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning hb 6 related to the federal criminal allegations made in july 2020, against former ohio house speaker larry householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with mr. householder. among other things under the dpa, fe paid a $230 million monetary penalty in 2021 and agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging fe with one count of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud. the $230 million payment will neither be recovered in rates or charged to firstenergy customers nor will firstenergy seek any tax deduction related to such payment. the criminal information will be dismissed after firstenergy fully complies with its obligations under the dpa, which is expected in july 2024.
the oag, certain fe shareholders and fe customers filed several lawsuits against firstenergy and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, each relating to the allegations against the now former ohio house speaker larry householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with mr. householder. on february 9, 2022, fe, acting through the slc, agreed to a settlement term sheet to resolve multiple shareholder derivative lawsuits that were filed in the s.d. ohio, the n.d. ohio, and the ohio court of common pleas, summit county. on march 11, 2022, the parties executed a stipulation and agreement of settlement, and filed a motion the same day requesting preliminary settlement approval in the s.d. ohio, which was granted on may 9, 2022. on august 23, 2022, the s.d. ohio granted final approval of the settlement. on september 20, 2022, a purported fe stockholder filed a motion for reconsideration of the s.d. ohio's final settlement approval. the parties filed oppositions to that motion on october 11, 2022, and the s.d. ohio denied that motion on may 22, 2023. on june 15, 2023, the purported fe stockholder filed an appeal in the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit. the n.d. ohio issued a stay of the case pending the appeal in the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit. if the s.d. ohio's final settlement approval is affirmed by the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit, the settlement agreement is expected to fully resolve these shareholder derivative lawsuits.
the settlement includes a series of corporate governance enhancements and a payment to fe of $180 million, to be paid by insurance after the judgment has become final, less approximately $36 million in court-ordered attorney's fees awarded to plaintiffs.
in addition, on august 10, 2020, the sec, through its division of enforcement, issued an order directing an investigation of possible securities laws violations by fe, and on september 1, 2020, issued subpoenas to fe and certain fe officers. subsequently, on april 28, 2021, july 11, 2022, and may 25, 2023, the sec issued additional subpoenas to fe. while no contingency has been reflected in its consolidated financial statements, fe believes that it is probable that it will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of the sec investigation. given the ongoing nature and complexity of the review, inquiries and investigations, fe cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from the resolution of the sec investigation further, in letters dated january 26, and february 22, 2021, staff of ferc's division of investigations notified firstenergy that it was investigating firstenergy's lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning hb 6. on december 30, 2022, ferc approved a stipulation and consent agreement that resolves the investigation. the agreement obligates fe to pay a civil penalty of $3.86 million, which was paid in january 2023, and to submit two annual compliance monitoring reports to ferc's office of enforcement regarding improvements to firstenergy's compliance programs. the first compliance monitoring report was submitted in december 2023.
on june 29, 2023, the oocic served fe a subpoena, seeking information relating to the conduct described in the dpa. firstenergy was not aware of the oocic's investigation prior to receiving the subpoena and understands that the oocic's investigation is also focused on the conduct described in the dpa. firstenergy is cooperating with the oocic in its investigation. on february 12, 2024, and in connection with the oocic's ongoing investigation, an indictment by a grand jury of summit county, ohio was unsealed against the former chairman of the puco, samuel randazzo, and two former firstenergy senior officers, charles e. jones, and michael j. dowling, charging each of them with several felony counts, including bribery, telecommunications fraud, money laundering and aggravated theft, related to payments described in the dpa. no contingency has been reflected in firstenergy's consolidated financial statements, as a loss is neither probable, nor is a loss or range of loss reasonably estimable.
firstenergy has taken numerous steps to address challenges posed by the hb 6 investigations and improve its compliance culture, including the refreshment of the fe board, the hiring of key senior executives committed to supporting transparency and integrity, and strengthening and enhancing firstenergy's compliance culture through several initiatives; however, the outcomes of the unresolved hb 6 investigations and state regulatory audits remain unknown.
despite the many disruptions firstenergy has faced, and continues to currently face, the leadership team remains committed and focused on executing its strategy and running the business. see "outlook - other legal proceedings" below for additional details on the government investigations, the dpa, and subsequent litigation surrounding the investigation of hb 6. see also "outlook - state regulation - ohio" below for details on the puco proceeding reviewing political and charitable spending and legislative activity in response to the investigation of hb 6. the outcome of the government investigations, puco proceedings, legislative activity, and any of these lawsuits is uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on firstenergy's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the form 10-k discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussions of 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of firstenergy's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 13, 2023.
results of operations the financial results discussed below include revenues and expenses from transactions among firstenergy's business segments. a reconciliation of segment financial results is provided in note 15, "segment information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
earnings attributable to fe from continuing operations by business segment was as follows:
earnings attributable to fe from continuing operations by business segment:
summary of results of operations - 2023 compared with 2022
financial results for firstenergy's business segments for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, were as follows:
2023 financial results                                                             regulated distribution                 regulated transmission                                   corporate/other and reconciling adjustments                  firstenergy consolidated
operating expenses:
other operating expenses                                                                  3,364                                    423                                                                  (193)                                           3,594
deferral of regulatory assets, net                                                        (256)                                    (5)                                                                      -                                           (261)
total operating expenses                                                                  9,606                                  1,051                                                                   (53)                                          10,604
pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustment                                                 (78)                                   (36)                                                                     36                                            (78)
capitalized financing costs                                                                  41                                     54                                                                      2                                              97
income taxes (benefits)                                                                     167                                    179                                                                   (79)                                             267
2022 financial results                                                                               regulated distribution                 regulated transmission                                   corporate/other and reconciling adjustments                  firstenergy consolidated
operating expenses:
other operating expenses                                                                                    3,404                                    616                                                                  (203)                                           3,817
deferral of regulatory assets, net                                                                          (362)                                    (3)                                                                      -                                           (365)
total operating expenses                                                                                    9,413                                  1,203                                                                   (67)                                          10,549
pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustment                                                                   (50)                                   (15)                                                                    137                                              72
capitalized financing costs                                                                                    35                                     48                                                                      1                                              84
changes between 2023 and 2022                                                      regulated distribution                 regulated transmission                                   corporate/other and reconciling adjustments                  firstenergy consolidated financial results increase (decrease)
operating expenses:
other operating expenses                                                                   (40)                                  (193)                                                                     10                                           (223)
deferral of regulatory assets, net                                                          106                                    (2)                                                                      -                                             104
total operating expenses                                                                    193                                  (152)                                                                     14                                              55
pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustment                                                 (28)                                   (21)                                                                  (101)                                           (150)
capitalized financing costs                                                                   6                                      6                                                                      1                                              13
income taxes (benefits)                                                                    (84)                                     69                                                                  (718)                                           (733)
regulated distribution's earnings attributable to fe from continuing operations decreased $217 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily resulting from lower customer usage as a result of the weather, lower net pension and opeb credits, and higher interest expense and costs from the peer, as further discussed below, partially offset by lower other operating expenses, higher revenues from regulated investment programs and higher weather-adjusted customer usage and demand.
for the years ended december 31, revenues by type of service                             2023                                2022                 increase (decrease)
distribution services                           $5,372                              $5,261                             $111
generation sales:
total generation sales                           5,442                               5,335                              107
distribution services revenues increased $111 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily resulting from higher rider revenues associated with certain investment programs, higher weather-adjusted customer usage and demand, lower customer refunds and credits associated with the puco-approved ohio stipulation and other rider rate adjustments at the pennsylvania companies, which have no material impact to current period earnings, partially offset by lower customer usage as a result of the weather and lower recovery of transmission expenses.
distribution services by customer class are summarized in the following table:
residential and commercial distribution deliveries were impacted by lower customer usage as a result of the weather. heating degree days in 2023 were 14% below 2022 and 15% below normal. cooling degree days in 2023 were 23% below 2022 and 15% below normal. increases in industrial distribution deliveries were primarily from oil and gas extraction, mining, and transportation equipment manufacturing, partially offset by decreases in deliveries to plastic and rubber manufacturing and chemical manufacturing.
compared to pre-pandemic levels in 2019, weather-adjusted residential distribution deliveries in 2023 increased 4.3%, while commercial and industrial deliveries decreased 4.1% and 0.2%, respectively.
the following table summarizes the price and volume factors contributing to the $107 million increase in generation revenues in 2023, as compared to 2022:
source of change in generation revenues                       increase (decrease)
change in sales volumes                                           $(198)
change in prices                                                     571
change in sales volumes                                            (131)
change in prices                                                    (94)
capacity revenue                                                    (41)
change in generation revenues                                       $107
retail generation sales, other than those in west virginia, have no material impact to firstenergy's earnings. the decrease in retail generation sales volumes was primarily due to lower usage as a result of the weather and increased customer shopping in pennsylvania, total generation provided by alternative suppliers as a percentage of total mwh deliveries in 2023, as compared to 2022, increased to 62% from 60% in pennsylvania. the increase in retail generation prices primarily resulted from higher non-shopping generation auction rates.
wholesale generation revenues decreased $266 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to lower capacity revenues, sales volumes and market prices. the difference between current wholesale generation revenues and certain energy costs incurred is deferred for future recovery or refund, with no material impact to current period earnings.
operating expenses -
total operating expenses increased $193 million primarily due to the following:
•fuel expense decreased $192 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to lower generation output and unit costs. however, due to the enec, fuel expense has no material impact on current period earnings.
•purchased power costs increased $245 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to increased prices, partially offset by lower capacity expenses and decreased volumes as described above.
source of change in purchased power                     increase (decrease)
purchases change due to unit costs                                      $419
change due to volumes                                        (114)
capacity expense                                              (60)
change in purchased power costs                               $245
•other operating expenses decreased $40 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to:
•lower other operating and maintenance expenses of $47 million, primarily associated with lower labor costs and fewer regulated generation planned outages;
•lower vegetation management expenses of $86 million, including accelerated work during 2022;
•lower network transmission expenses of $46 million. these costs are deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact on current period earnings; and
•lower uncollectible expenses of $46 million of which $24 million was deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact on current period earnings;
partially offset by:
•lump sum compensation and severance benefits of $42 million associated with the peer program and involuntary separations in 2023, as further discussed below;
•higher vegetation management in west virginia, energy efficiency and other state mandated program costs of $58 million, which are deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact on current period earnings; and
•higher storm expenses of $85 million, which was all deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact on current period earnings.
•deferral of regulatory asset decreased $106 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to:
•$100 million decrease due to the absence of a return of certain tax act savings to pennsylvania customers in 2022;
•$97 million net decrease due to lower generation and transmission related deferrals, and
•$51 million decrease due to the absence of the customer refunds associated with the ohio stipulation;
partially offset by:
•$91 million increase due to higher deferral of storm related expenses;
•general taxes increased $20 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to higher gross receipts taxes and ohio property taxes, partially offset by lower ohio kwh taxes.
other expense increased $345 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to lower net pension and opeb non-service credits, a $28 million change in pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustments, higher net interest expense associated with new long-term issuances and higher short-term borrowings, and a charge from an environmental settlement agreement requiring a $10 million contribution to the epa associated with a former generation plant of oe.
regulated transmission's earnings attributable to fe from continuing operations increased $153 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to the absence of a reserve for customer refunds and the reclassification of certain transmission capital assets that are not expected to be recoverable resulting from the ferc audit that was recognized in the third quarter of 2022, as further discussed below, and an adjustment associated with the recovery of certain costs during 2023. additionally, earnings increased as a result of regulated capital investments that increased rate base, which is partially offset by the 19.9% minority equity interest sale in fet that closed in may 2022.
total revenues increased $186 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to the absence of a reserve for customer refunds associated with the ferc audit, as further discussed below, a true-up adjustment for the recovery of certain transmission formula rate operating costs during 2023 and a higher rate base.
operating expenses -
total operating expenses decreased $152 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to the absence of the reclassification of certain transmission capital assets to operating expenses as a result of the ferc audit, as further discussed below, partially offset by higher depreciation and property tax expenses from a higher asset base. other than the write-off of nonrecoverable transmission assets, nearly all operating expenses are recovered through formula rates, resulting in no material impact on current period earnings.
total other expense increased $75 million in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to lower affiliated company interest income at fet, lower net pension and opeb non-service credits and higher net financing costs due to the new debt issuances at mait and atsi.
financial results from corporate/other resulted in a $781 million decrease in losses attributable to fe from continuing operations for 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to lower income tax expense, lower interest and debt redemption expenses from the redemption of certain fe notes, as further discussed below, and lower affiliated company borrowings.
lower income tax expense was primarily due to the absence of an income tax charge of $752 million in 2022, representing the deferred tax liability associated with the deferred tax gain on the 19.9% sale of fet membership interest to brookfield, and a 2023 tax benefit of $65 million, net of a reserve for uncertain tax positions, from the reduction of state income taxes and partial release of a valuation allowance for the expected utilization of state net operating losses based on an assessment of regulated business operation and the composition of a state tax return filing group, partially offset by a $58 million tax charge in 2023 associated with a true-up adjustment associated with the deferred tax gain on the 19.9% sale of fet membership interest.
financial results compared to the same period of 2022 also reflect higher investment earnings on corporate-owned life insurance policies and fev's interests in signal peak and lower debt redemption costs, partially offset by expenses associated with the cancellation of certain sponsorship agreements in 2023, higher investigation and other related costs associated with government investigations, a charge associated with an update to the mcelroy's run aro, lower pension and opeb non-service credits and higher interest from the 2026 convertible notes issuance.
regulatory assets and liabilities regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent amounts that are expected to be credited to customers through future regulated rates or amounts collected from customers for costs not yet incurred. firstenergy, the utilities and the transmission companies net their regulatory assets and liabilities based on federal and state jurisdictions.
management assesses the probability of recovery of regulatory assets, and settlement of regulatory liabilities, at each balance sheet date and whenever new events occur. factors that may affect probability relate to changes in the regulatory environment, issuance of a regulatory commission order or passage of new legislation. upon material changes to these factors, where applicable, firstenergy will record new regulatory assets and liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered or settled in future rates.
the following table provides information about the composition of net regulatory assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, and the changes during the year 2023:
as of december 31, net regulatory assets (liabilities) by source                                                      2023                              2022                  change
customer payables for future income taxes                                                 $(2,382)                          $(2,463)                     $81
deferred generation costs                                                                      572                               235                     337
new jersey societal benefit costs                                                               79                                94                    (15)
vegetation management costs                                                                    102                                63                      39
the following is a description of the regulatory assets and liabilities described above:
customer payables for future income taxes - reflects amounts to be recovered or refunded through future rates to pay income taxes that become payable when rate revenue is provided to recover items such as afudc equity and depreciation of property, plant and equipment for which deferred income taxes were not recognized for ratemaking purposes, including amounts attributable to federal and state tax rate changes such as the tax act and pennsylvania house bill 1342. these amounts are being amortized over the period in which the related deferred tax assets reverse, which is generally over the expected life of the underlying asset.
spent nuclear fuel disposal costs - reflects amounts collected from customers, and the investment income, losses and changes in fair value of the trusts for spent nuclear fuel disposal costs related to former nuclear generating facilities, oyster creek and three mile island unit 1.
asset removal costs - primarily represents the rates charged to customers that include a provision for the cost of future activities to remove assets, including obligations for which an aro has been recognized, that are expected to be incurred at the time of retirement.
deferred transmission costs - reflects differences between revenues earned based on actual costs for the formula-rate transmission companies and the amounts billed, including amounts expected to be refunded to, or recoverable from, wholesale transmission customers resulting from the ferc audit, as further described below, which amounts are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability and recovered or refunded, respectively, in subsequent periods. also included is the recovery of non-market based costs or fees charged to certain of the utilities by various regulatory bodies including ferc and rtos, which can include pjm charges and credits for service including, but not limited to, procuring transmission services and transmission enhancement.
deferred generation costs - primarily relates to regulatory assets associated with the securitized recovery of certain fuel and purchased power regulatory assets at the ohio companies (amortized through 2034) as well as the enec at mp and pe. mp and pe recover net power supply costs, including fuel costs, purchased power costs and related expenses, net of related market sales revenue through the enec. generally, the enec rate is updated annually.
deferred distribution costs - primarily relates to the ohio companies' deferral of certain distribution-related expenses, including interest (amortized through 2034).
storm-related costs - relates to the deferral of storm costs, which vary by jurisdiction. approximately $254 million and $206 million are currently being recovered through rates as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
energy efficiency program costs - relates to the recovery of costs in excess of revenues associated with energy efficiency programs including, new jersey energy efficiency and renewable energy programs, the pennsylvania companies' energy efficiency and conservation programs, the ohio companies' demand side management and energy efficiency rider, and pe's empower maryland surcharge. investments in certain of these energy efficiency programs earn a long-term return.
new jersey societal benefit costs - primarily relates to regulatory assets associated with mgp remediation, universal service and lifeline funds, and the new jersey clean energy program.
vegetation management costs - relates to regulatory assets associated with the recovery of certain distribution vegetation management costs in new jersey and west virginia as well as certain transmission vegetation management costs at mait, atsi and wp/pe (amortized through 2024, 2030 and 2036, respectively).
the following table provides information about the composition of net regulatory assets that do not earn a current return as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, of which approximately $371 million and $511 million, respectively, are currently being recovered through rates over varying periods, through 2068, depending on the nature of the deferral and the jurisdiction:
regulatory assets by source not earning a                                                      as of december 31, current return                                                           2023                                2022                  change
deferred generation costs                                            432                               262                       170
vegetation management                                                 21                                52                      (31)
capital resources and liquidity firstenergy's business is capital intensive, requiring significant resources to fund operating expenses, construction and other investment expenditures, scheduled debt maturities and interest payments, dividend payments and potential contributions to its pension plan.
fe and its subsidiaries expect their existing sources of liquidity to remain sufficient to meet their respective anticipated obligations. in addition to internal sources to fund liquidity and capital requirements for 2024 and beyond, fe and its subsidiaries expect to rely on external sources of funds. short-term cash requirements not met by cash provided from operations are generally satisfied through short-term borrowings. long-term cash needs may be met through the issuance of long-term debt by fe and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things, fund capital expenditures and other capital-like investments, and refinance short-term and maturing long-term debt, subject to market conditions and other factors. fe may utilize instruments other than senior notes to fund its liquidity and capital requirements, including hybrid securities.
investments in 2023 by business segment are included below:
business segment                                     2023actual
(1) includes capital expenditures and capital-like investments that earn a return.
beginning in 2024, firstenergy changed its reportable segments to include distribution, which will consist of the ohio companies and fe pa; integrated, which will consist of mp, pe and jcp&l; and stand-alone transmission, which will consist of fe's ownership in fet and katco. on january 1, 2024, wp transferred certain of its pennsylvania-based transmission assets to katco. corporate/other will reflect corporate support and other support costs not charged or attributable to the utilities or transmission companies, including fe's retained pension and opeb assets and liabilities of former subsidiaries, interest expense on fe's holding company debt and other investments or businesses that do not constitute an operating segment, including fev's investment of 33-1/3% equity ownership in global holding.
capital investment forecasts for the years ended 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028 by business segment are included below:
business segment                                                  2024forecast                 2025 forecast                 2026 forecast                 2027 forecast                 2028 forecast
(1) includes capital expenditures and capital-like investments that earn a return.
in alignment with firstenergy's strategy to invest in its segments as a fully regulated company, firstenergy is focused on maintaining balance sheet strength and flexibility. specifically, at the regulated businesses, regulatory authority has been obtained for various regulated subsidiaries to issue and/or refinance debt.
any financing plans by fe or any of its consolidated subsidiaries, including the issuance of equity and debt, and the refinancing of short-term and maturing long-term debt are subject to market conditions and other factors. no assurance can be given that any such issuances, financing or refinancing, as the case may be, will be completed as anticipated or at all. any delay in the completion of financing plans could require fe or any of its consolidated subsidiaries to utilize short-term borrowing capacity, which could impact available liquidity. in addition, fe and its consolidated subsidiaries expect to continually evaluate any planned financings, which may result in changes from time to time.
on february 2, 2023, fe, along with fet, entered into the fet p&sa ii with brookfield and the brookfield guarantors, pursuant to which fe agreed to sell to brookfield at the closing, and brookfield agreed to purchase from fe, an incremental 30% equity interest in fet for a purchase price of $3.5 billion. the majority of the purchase price is expected to be paid in cash upon closing, and the remainder will be payable by the issuance of a promissory note, which is expected to be repaid by the end of 2024. as a result of the consummation of the transaction, brookfield's interest in fet will increase from 19.9% to 49.9%, while fe will retain the remaining 50.1% ownership interests of fet. the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval from the ppuc. in addition, pursuant to the fet p&sa ii, firstenergy made the necessary filings with the applicable regulatory authorities for the pa consolidation. the fet minority equity interest sale is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2024. upon closing, fet will continue to be consolidated in firstenergy's financial statements.
on january 1, 2024, firstenergy consolidated the pennsylvania companies into fe pa, including oe subsidiary, penn, making fe pa a new, single operating entity. in addition to merging each of the pennsylvania companies with and into fe pa, with fe pa surviving such mergers as the successor-in-interest to all assets and liabilities of the pennsylvania companies, (i) wp transferred certain of its pennsylvania-based transmission assets to katco, and (ii) pn and me contributed their respective class b equity interests of mait to fe. fe pa, as of january 1, 2024, is fe's only regulated distribution utility in pennsylvania encompassing the operations previously conducted individually by the pennsylvania companies and serves an area with a population of approximately 4.5 million. fe pa operates under the rate districts of the former pennsylvania companies. firstenergy is also evaluating the legal, financial, operational and branding benefits of consolidating the ohio companies into a single ohio utility company.
post-pandemic economic conditions have increased supply chain lead times across numerous material categories, with some as much as tripling from pre-pandemic lead times. several key suppliers have struggled with labor shortages and raw material availability, which along with inflationary pressure that appears to be moderating, have increased costs and decreased the availability of certain materials, equipment and contractors. firstenergy has taken steps to mitigate these risks and does not currently expect service disruptions or any material impact on its capital spending plan. however, the situation remains fluid and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on firstenergy's results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
on may 9, 2023, firstenergy announced a voluntary retirement program for eligible non-bargaining employees, known as the peer. more than 65% of eligible employees, totaling approximately 450 employees, accepted the peer, which included lump sum compensation equivalent to severance benefits, healthcare continuation costs and a temporary pension enhancement. most peer participating employees departed in 2023. the temporary pension enhancement and healthcare continuation costs are classified as special termination costs within net periodic benefit costs (credits). in addition to the peer, firstenergy notified and involuntarily separated approximately 90 employees on may 9, 2023. management expects the cost savings resulting from these initiatives to support firstenergy's growth plans.
as of december 31, 2023, firstenergy's net deficit in working capital (current assets less current liabilities) was primarily due to accounts payable, current portion of long-term debt, short-term borrowings and accrued interest, taxes, and compensation and benefits. firstenergy believes its cash from operations and available liquidity will be sufficient to meet its current working capital needs. see further discussion on cash from operations below.
short-term borrowings / revolving credit facilities on october 18, 2021, fe, fet, the utilities, and the transmission companies entered into the 2021 credit facilities, which were six separate senior unsecured five-year syndicated revolving credit facilities with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., mizuho bank, ltd. and pnc bank, national association that replaced the fe revolving facility and the fet revolving facility, and provide for aggregate commitments of $4.5 billion. under the 2021 credit facilities, an aggregate amount of $4.5 billion is available to be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed, subject to each borrower's respective sublimit under the respective facilities. these credit facilities provide substantial liquidity to support the regulated businesses, and each of the operating companies within the businesses.
on october 20, 2023, fe and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the amendments to each of the 2021 credit facilities to, among other things; (i) amend the fe revolving facility to release fet as a borrower and (ii) extend the maturity date of the 2021 credit facilities for an additional one-year period, from october 18, 2026 to october 18, 2027. also, on october 20, 2023, each of fet and katco entered into the 2023 credit facilities. in connection with pa consolidation, the pennsylvania companies' rights and obligations under their revolving credit facility were assumed by fe pa on january 1, 2024.
under the fet revolving facility, $1.0 billion is available to be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until october 20, 2028. under the katco revolving facility, (i) $150 million is available to be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until october 20, 2027, (ii) borrowings will mature on the earlier of 364 days from the date of borrowing or the commitment termination date, as the same may be extended; upon katco demonstrating to the administrative agent authorization to borrow amounts maturing more than 364 days from the date of borrowing, its borrowings will mature on the latest commitment termination date. katco may not draw on the katco credit facility until the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the availability of first quarter financial statements, which are expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2024.
borrowings under the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. generally, borrowings under each of the credit facilities are available to each borrower separately and mature on the earlier of 364 days from the date of borrowing or the commitment termination date, as the same may be extended. each of the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities contain financial covenants requiring each borrower, with the exception of fe, to maintain a consolidated debt-to-total-capitalization ratio (as defined under each of the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities) of no more than 65%, and 75% for fet, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. fe is required under its 2021 credit facility to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters beginning with the quarter ending december 31, 2021.
firstenergy's 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities bear interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on sofr, including term sofr and daily simple sofr. firstenergy has not hedged its interest rate exposure with respect to its floating rate debt. accordingly, firstenergy's interest expense for any particular period will fluctuate based on sofr and other variable interest rates. the high interest rate environment has caused the rate and interest expense on borrowings under the various firstenergy credit facilities to be significantly higher. restricted access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could have an adverse effect on firstenergy's results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
firstenergy had $775 million and $100 million of outstanding short-term borrowings as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. firstenergy's available liquidity from external sources as of february 5, 2024, was as follows:
(1) effective january 1, 2024, fe pa succeeded the pennsylvania companies as the borrower under the pennsylvania companies' revolving credit facility.
(2) katco may not draw on the katco credit facility until the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the availability of first quarter financial statements, which are expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2024.
the following table summarizes the limitations on short-term indebtedness applicable to each borrower under current regulatory approvals and applicable statutory and/or charter limitations as of december 31, 2023:
individual borrower                    regulatory debt limitations                        credit facility limitations              debt-to-total-capitalization ratio
(1) includes amounts which may be borrowed under the regulated companies' money pool.
(3) fe is not required to maintain a debt-to-total-capitalization ratio under the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities. however, fe is required to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters beginning with the quarter ending december 31, 2021. fe's interest coverage ratio as of december 31, 2023 was 4.45.
(4) katco may not draw on the katco credit facility until the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the availability of first quarter financial statements, which are expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2024.
subject to each borrower's sublimit, the amounts noted below are available for the issuance of locs (subject to borrowings drawn under the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities) expiring up to one year from the date of issuance. the stated amount of outstanding locs will count against total commitments available under each of the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities and against the applicable borrower's borrowing sublimit. as of december 31, 2023, firstenergy had $4 million in outstanding locs.
revolving credit facility                            loc availability as of december 31, 2023
(2) katco may not draw on the katco credit facility until the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the availability of first quarter financial statements, which are expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2024.
the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities do not contain provisions that restrict the ability to borrow or accelerate payment of outstanding advances in the event of any change in credit ratings of the borrowers. pricing is defined in "pricing grids," whereby the cost of funds borrowed under the 2021 credit facilities and the 2023 credit facilities are related to the credit ratings of the company borrowing the funds. additionally, borrowings under each of the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities are subject to the usual and customary provisions for acceleration upon the occurrence of events of default, including a cross-default for other indebtedness in excess of $100 million.
as of december 31, 2023, the borrowers were in compliance with the applicable interest coverage and debt-to-total-capitalization ratio covenants in each case as defined under the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities.
firstenergy money pools firstenergy's utility operating subsidiary companies also have the ability to borrow from each other and fe to meet their short-term working capital requirements. similar but separate arrangements exist among firstenergy's unregulated companies with ae supply, fe, fet, fev and certain other unregulated subsidiaries. fesc administers these money pools and tracks surplus funds of fe and the respective regulated and unregulated subsidiaries, as the case may be, as well as proceeds available from bank borrowings. companies receiving a loan under the money pool agreements must repay the principal amount of the loan, together with accrued interest, within 364 days of borrowing the funds. the rate of interest is the same for each company receiving a loan from their respective pool and is based on the average cost of funds available through the pool. the high interest rate environment has caused the rate and interest expense on borrowings under the various firstenergy credit facilities to be significantly higher.
long-term debt capacity fe's and its subsidiaries' access to capital markets and costs of financing are influenced by the credit ratings of their securities. effective january 1, 2024, as a result of the pa consolidation, the ratings agencies withdrew their prior ratings for me, pn, penn and wp. the following table displays fe's and its subsidiaries' credit ratings as of february 5, 2024:
(1) s = stable, p = positive, rur= ratings under review for upgrade
(2) on november 9, 2023, moody's placed fe's rating under review for upgrade
(3) legacy debt issued under fmbs by fe pa's predecessors (wp and penn) are rated a1, stable at moody's. in addition, legacy senior unsecured debt issued by fe pa's predecessors (me and pn) are rated a3, stable at moody's. once secured or unsecured debt is issued by fe pa, moody's will assign a respective credit rating.
the applicable undrawn and drawn margin on the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities are subject to ratings-based pricing grids. the applicable fee paid on the undrawn commitments under the 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities are based on each borrower's senior unsecured non-credit enhanced debt ratings as determined by s&p and moody's. the fees paid on actual borrowings are determined based on each borrower's senior unsecured non-credit enhanced debt ratings as determined by s&p and moody's.
the interest rates payable on approximately $2.1 billion in fe's senior unsecured notes are subject to adjustments from time to time if the ratings on the notes from any one or more of s&p, moody's and fitch decreases to a rating set forth in the applicable governing documents. generally, a one-notch downgrade by the applicable rating agency may result in a 25 basis point coupon rate increase beginning at bb, ba1, and bb+ for s&p, moody's and fitch, respectively, to the extent such rating is applicable to the series of outstanding senior unsecured notes, during the next interest period, subject to an aggregate cap of 2% from issuance interest rate.
debt capacity is subject to the consolidated interest coverage ratio in the 2021 credit facilities. as of december 31, 2023, firstenergy could incur approximately $880 million of incremental interest expense or incur an approximate $2.2 billion reduction to the consolidated interest coverage earnings numerator, as defined under the covenant, and fe would remain within the limitations of the financial covenant required by the 2021 credit facilities.
cash requirements and commitments firstenergy has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts, including contracts executed in connection with certain of the planned construction expenditures.
as of december 31, 2023 (undiscounted):                          total                    2024                  2025-2026                  2027-2028                 thereafter
operating leases(2)                                            261                       54                      90                         70                         47
(1) excludes unamortized discounts and premiums, fair value accounting adjustments and finance leases.
(2) see note 8, "leases," of the notes to consolidated financial statements
(3) based on estimated annual amounts under contract with fixed or minimum quantities
(4) amounts represent committed capital expenditures and other capital-like investments that earn a return.
excluded from the table above are estimates for the cash outlays from power purchase contracts entered into by most of the utilities and under which they procure the power supply necessary to provide generation service to their customers who do not choose an alternative supplier. although actual amounts will be determined by future customer behavior, consumption levels and power prices, management currently estimates these cash outlays will be approximately $4 billion in 2024.
the table above also excludes aros, reserves for litigation, injuries and damages and environmental remediation since the amount and timing of the cash payments are uncertain. the table also excludes accumulated deferred income taxes since cash payments for income taxes are determined based primarily on taxable income for each applicable fiscal year and/or the application of the corporate amt which, as further discussed below, is uncertain and subject to the issuance of future u.s. treasury regulations.
firstenergy's pension funding policy is based on actuarial computations using the projected unit credit method. on may 12, 2023, firstenergy made a $750 million voluntary cash contribution to the qualified pension plan. firstenergy does not currently expect to have a required contribution to the pension plan until 2028, which based on various assumptions, including an expected rate of return on assets of 8.0%, is expected to be approximately $260 million. however, firstenergy may elect to contribute to the pension plan voluntarily.
changes in cash position as of december 31, 2023, firstenergy had $137 million of cash and cash equivalents and $42 million of restricted cash compared to $160 million of cash and cash equivalents and $46 million of restricted cash as of december 31, 2022, on the consolidated balance sheets.
the following table summarizes the major classes of cash flow items:
net cash provided from operating activities                                            $1,387                          $2,683                          $2,811
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                 (27)                         (1,305)                           (290)
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period                        206                           1,511                           1,801
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period                             $179                            $206                          $1,511
cash flows from operating activities firstenergy's most significant sources of cash are derived from electric service provided by its operating subsidiaries. the most significant use of cash from operating activities is buying electricity to serve non-shopping customers, return of cash collateral associated with certain generation suppliers that serve shopping customers, pension contributions and paying fuel suppliers, employees, tax authorities, lenders and others for a wide range of materials and services.
net cash provided from operating activities was $1,387 million during 2023, $2,683 million during 2022, and $2,811 million during 2021. the decrease in cash from operating activities in 2023 from 2022 is primarily due to:
•a $750 million cash contribution to the qualified pension plan in the second quarter of 2023;
•higher payments, primarily on generation energy purchases for certain customers, net of related customer receivable receipts;
•the return of cash collateral to certain generation suppliers that serve shopping customers that was previously received as a result of changes in power prices;
•lower net transmission revenue collection based on the timing of formula rate collections; and
•lower distribution sales revenue as a result of mild weather conditions, as further discussed above;
partially offset by:
•higher returns from regulated distribution and transmission capital investments; and
•lower customer refunds and credits associated with the puco-approved ohio stipulation.
firstenergy's consolidated statements of cash flows combines cash flows from discontinued operations with cash flows from continuing operations within each cash flow category. the following table summarizes the major classes of cash flow items from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021:
cash flows from operating activities:
loss (gain) on disposal, net of tax                              21                       -                                (47)
cash flows from investing activities cash used for investing activities in 2023 principally represented cash used for capital investments. the following table summarizes cash used for (received from) investing activities for the years ended 2023, 2022 and 2021:
capital investments:
proceeds from sale of yards creek                          -                               -                           (155)
cash used for investing activities during 2023 increased $576 million, compared to 2022, primarily due to higher planned capital investment spend at the regulated transmission segment.
proceeds from fet minority interest sale, net of transaction costs                          -                           2,348                               -
capital call from fet minority interest                                                     -                               9                               -
fe             unsecured notes                     may, 2023                                     7.38%           2031                 $194       fe repurchased approximately $194 million of the principal amount of its 2031 notes through the open market for $228 million, including a premium of approximately $34 million ($27 million after-tax). in addition, fe recognized approximately $2 million ($1 million after-tax) of deferred cash flow hedge losses associated with the fe debt redemptions.
issuances wp             fmbs                                january, 2023                                 5.29%           2033                  $50                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
mait           unsecured notes                     february, 2023                                5.39%           2033                 $175                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
me             unsecured notes                     march, 2023                                   5.20%           2028                 $425                                                                                      proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, including borrowings incurred to repay, at maturity, the $300 million aggregate principal amount of me's 3.50% unsecured notes due march 15, 2023, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
pn             unsecured notes                     march, 2023                                   5.15%           2026                 $300                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
atsi           unsecured notes                     may, 2023                                     5.13%           2033                 $150                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
fe             unsecured convertible notes         may, 2023                                     4.00%           2026               $1,500                                                                                                                                                                                           proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to repurchase a portion of its 2031 notes, to fund the qualified pension plan and for other general corporate purposes.
pe             fmbs                                september, 2023                               5.64%           2028                 $100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
pe             fmbs                                september, 2023                               5.73%           2030                  $50                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
mp             fmbs                                september, 2023                               5.85%           2034                 $400                                                                                                                                                              proceeds are to be used for repaying short-term and long-term debt, including mp's $400 million 4.1% fmbs due april 15, 2024, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
fe or its affiliates may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase outstanding debt through open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as fe or its affiliates may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors.
convertible notes as discussed above, on may 4, 2023, fe issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 2026 convertible notes, with a fixed interest rate of 4.00% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on may 1 and november 1 of each year, beginning on november 1, 2023. the 2026 convertible notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of fe, and will mature on may 1, 2026, unless required to be converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. however, fe may not elect to redeem the 2026 convertible notes prior to the maturity date. the 2026 convertible notes are included within "long-term debt and other long-term obligations" on the firstenergy consolidated balance sheets. proceeds from the issuance were approximately $1.48 billion, net of issuance costs.
prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding february 1, 2026, the 2026 convertible notes will be convertible at the option of the holders only under the following conditions:
•during any calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price of fe's common stock for at least 20 trading days during the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day;
•during the 5 consecutive business day period immediately after any 10 consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of the 2026 convertible notes for each trading day of such 10 trading day period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of fe's common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or
•upon the occurrence of certain corporate events specified in the indenture governing the 2026 convertible notes.
on and after february 1, 2026, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the 2026 convertible notes may convert all or any portion of their 2026 convertible notes at their option at any time at the conversion rate then in effect, irrespective of these conditions. fe will settle conversions of the 2026 convertible notes, if any, by paying cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the 2026 convertible notes being converted and by paying cash or delivering shares of fe's common stock (or a combination of each), at its election, of its conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the 2026 convertible notes being converted.
the conversion rate for the 2026 convertible notes will initially be 21.3620 shares of fe's common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 2026 convertible notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $46.81 per share of fe's common stock). the initial conversion price of the 2026 convertible notes represents a premium of approximately 20% over the last reported sale price of fe's common stock on the new york stock exchange on may 1, 2023. the conversion rate and the corresponding conversion price will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. fe may not elect to redeem the 2026 convertible notes prior to the maturity date.
if fe undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the relevant indenture), subject to certain conditions, holders of the 2026 convertible notes may require fe to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their 2026 convertible notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2026 convertible notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date (as defined in the relevant indenture). in addition, if certain fundamental changes occur, fe may be required, in certain circumstances, to increase the conversion rate for any 2026 convertible notes converted in connection with such fundamental changes by a specified number of shares of its common stock.
guarantees and other assurances firstenergy has various financial and performance guarantees and indemnifications which are issued in the normal course of business. these contracts include performance guarantees, stand-by locs, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications. firstenergy enters into these arrangements to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties by enhancing the value of the transaction to the third party. the maximum potential amount of future payments firstenergy and its subsidiaries could be required to make under these guarantees as of december 31, 2023, was approximately $815 million, as summarized below:
fe's guarantees on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries(1)
(1) during the third quarter of 2023, fe was required by pjm to issue a guarantee to cover non-performance until fe pa is able to provide audited financial statements to pjm, which is expected to occur in early 2025. the guarantee is expected to be immaterial to fe.
(2) during the second quarter of 2023, fe was released from its $169 million surety bond to the pennsylvania department of environmental protection related to the little blue run disposal impoundment.
collateral and contingent-related features in the normal course of business, fe and its subsidiaries may enter into physical or financially settled contracts for the sale and purchase of electric capacity, energy, fuel and emission allowances. certain agreements contain provisions that require fe or its subsidiaries to post collateral. this collateral may be posted in the form of cash or credit support with thresholds contingent upon fe's or its subsidiaries' credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies. the collateral and credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty.
as of december 31, 2023, $89 million of net cash collateral has been posted by fe or its subsidiaries and is included in "prepaid taxes and other current assets" on firstenergy's consolidated balance sheets. fe or its subsidiaries are holding $27 million of net cash collateral as of december 31, 2023, from certain generation suppliers, and such amount is included in "other current liabilities" on firstenergy's consolidated balance sheets.
these credit-risk-related contingent features stipulate that if the subsidiary were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be required to provide additional collateral. the following table discloses the potential additional credit rating contingent contractual collateral obligations as of december 31, 2023:
potential collateral obligations                                        utilities and transmission companies            fe                        total
contractual obligations for additional collateral upon further downgrade                                                                    $62                           $-                      $62
surety bonds (collateralized amount)(1)                  86                                                    79                  165
(1) surety bonds are not tied to a credit rating. surety bonds' impact assumes maximum contractual obligations, which is ordinarily 100% of the face amount of the surety bond except with respect to $39 million of surety obligations for which the collateral obligation is capped at 60% of the face amount, and typical obligations require 30 days to cure.
market risk information firstenergy uses various market risk sensitive instruments, including derivative contracts, primarily to manage the risk of price and interest rate fluctuations. firstenergy's enterprise risk management committee, comprised of members of senior management, provides general oversight for risk management activities throughout firstenergy.
commodity price risk firstenergy has limited exposure to financial risks resulting from fluctuating commodity prices, including prices for electricity, coal and energy transmission. firstenergy's risk management department and enterprise risk management committee are responsible for promoting the effective design and implementation of sound risk management programs and overseeing compliance with corporate risk management policies and established risk management practice.
the valuation of derivative contracts is based on observable market information. as of december 31, 2023, firstenergy has a net asset of $3 million in non-hedge derivative contracts that are related to ftrs at certain of the utilities. ftrs are subject to regulatory accounting and do not impact earnings.
equity price risk as of december 31, 2023, the firstenergy pension plan assets were allocated approximately as follows: 26% in public equity securities, 26% in fixed income securities, 6% in hedge funds, 2% in insurance-linked securities, 10% in real estate funds, 19% in private equity and debt funds and 11% in cash and short-term securities. firstenergy does not currently expect to have a required contribution to the pension plan until 2028, which based upon various assumptions, including an expected rate of return on assets of 8.0%, is expected to be approximately $260 million. however, firstenergy may elect to contribute to the pension plan voluntarily.
as of december 31, 2023, firstenergy's opeb plan assets were allocated approximately as follows: 50% in equity securities, 31% in fixed income securities and 19% in cash and short-term securities. see note 5, "pension and other postemployment benefits," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional details on firstenergy's pension and opeb plans.
during 2023, firstenergy's opeb plan assets have gained approximately 14.7% as compared to an annual expected return on plan assets of 7.0%. during the second quarter of 2023, firstenergy remeasured its pension plan assets as of april 30, 2023 as a result of the voluntary contribution discussed below. actual returns on the pension assets through the date of the voluntary contribution were approximately 7.7%, as compared to expected return on assets of 2.67% (8.0% on an annualized basis). from may 1, 2023, through december 31, 2023, the pension plan assets gained approximately 3.0% as compared to expected return on assets of 5.3% (8.0% on an annualized basis).
interest rate risk firstenergy's exposure to fluctuations in market interest rates is reduced since all long-term debt has fixed interest rates, as noted in the table below. firstenergy is subject to the inherent interest rate risks related to refinancing maturing debt by issuing new debt securities.
comparison of carrying value to fair value as of december 31, 2023
year of maturity or notice of redemption                                      2024   2025                        2026                        2027                        2028                                        there-after                      total               fair value
firstenergy recognizes net actuarial gains or losses for its pension and opeb plans in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement (which occurred during the second quarter of 2023). a primary factor contributing to these actuarial gains and losses are changes in the discount rates used to value pension and opeb obligations as of the measurement date and the difference between expected and actual returns on the plans' assets.
the remaining components of pension and opeb expense, primarily service costs, interest cost on obligations, expected return on plan assets and amortization of prior service costs, are set at the beginning of the calendar year (unless a remeasurement is triggered) and are recorded on a monthly basis. changes in asset performance and discount rates will not impact these pension costs during the year, however, future years could be impacted by changes in the market.
on may 12, 2023, firstenergy made a $750 million voluntary cash contribution to the qualified pension plan. the size of the voluntary contribution made on may 12, 2023, in relation to total pension assets triggered a remeasurement of the pension plan. firstenergy elected the practical expedient to remeasure pension plan assets and obligations as of april 30, 2023, which is the month-end closest to the date of the voluntary contribution.
firstenergy utilizes a spot rate approach in the estimation of the components of benefit cost by applying specific spot rates along the full yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows. the discount rate used to measure pension obligations was 4.94% as of april 30, 2023 and 5.23% as of december 31, 2022 compared to 5.05% as of december 31, 2023. the discount rate used to measure opeb obligations was 5.16% as of december 31, 2022 as compared to 4.97% as of december 31, 2023.
firstenergy's 2021 credit facilities and 2023 credit facilities bear interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on sofr, including term sofr and daily simple sofr. firstenergy has not hedged its interest rate exposure with respect to its floating rate debt. accordingly, firstenergy's interest expense for any particular period will fluctuate based on sofr and other variable interest rates. the high interest rate environment has caused the rate and interest expense on borrowings under the various firstenergy credit facilities to be significantly higher.
economic conditions post-pandemic economic conditions have increased supply chain lead times across numerous material categories, with some as much as tripling from pre-pandemic lead times. several key suppliers have struggled with labor shortages and raw material availability, which along with inflationary pressure that appears to be moderating, have increased costs and decreased the availability of certain materials, equipment and contractors. firstenergy has taken steps to mitigate these risks and does not currently expect service disruptions or any material impact on its capital spending plan. however, the situation remains fluid and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on firstenergy's results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
credit risk credit risk is the risk that firstenergy would incur a loss as a result of nonperformance by counterparties of their contractual obligations. firstenergy maintains credit policies and procedures with respect to counterparty credit (including requirements that counterparties maintain specified credit ratings) and require other assurances in the form of credit support or collateral in certain circumstance in order to limit counterparty credit risk. firstenergy has concentrations of suppliers and customers among electric utilities, financial institutions and energy marketing and trading companies. these concentrations may impact firstenergy's overall exposure to credit risk, positively or negatively, as counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions. in the event an energy supplier of the ohio companies, fe pa, jcp&l or pe defaults on its obligation, the affected company would be required to seek replacement power in the market. in general, subject to regulatory review or other processes, it is expected that appropriate incremental costs incurred by these entities would be recoverable from customers through applicable rate mechanisms, thereby mitigating the financial risk for these entities. firstenergy's credit policies to manage credit risk include the use of an established credit approval process, daily credit mitigation provisions, such as margin, prepayment or collateral requirements. firstenergy and its subsidiaries may request additional credit assurance, in certain circumstances, in the event that the counterparties' credit ratings fall below investment grade, their tangible net worth falls below specified percentages or their exposures exceed an established credit limit.
outlook income taxes on august 16, 2022, president biden signed into law the ira of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a new 15% corporate amt based on afsi applicable to corporations with a three-year average afsi over $1 billion. the amt is effective for the 2023 tax year and, if applicable, corporations must pay the greater of the regular corporate income tax or the amt. although nol carryforwards created through the regular corporate income tax system cannot be used to reduce the amt, financial statement net operating losses can be used to reduce afsi and the amount of amt owed. the ira of 2022 as enacted requires the u.s. treasury to provide regulations and other guidance necessary to administer the amt, including further defining allowable adjustments to determine afsi, which directly impacts the amount of amt to be paid. based on interim guidance issued by the u.s. treasury during 2022 and 2023, firstenergy continues to believe that it is more likely than not it will be subject to the amt beginning in 2023. accordingly, firstenergy made a first quarter estimated payment of amt of approximately $49 million in april 2023. in june 2023, the u.s. treasury issued additional guidance that eliminated the requirement of corporations to include amt in quarterly estimated tax payments, pending further guidance on the application and administration of amt. therefore, as a result of guidance issued to date, the current forecast of amt obligation, and the amount of amt already paid in april 2023, firstenergy did not make any additional amt payments for the 2023 tax year. until final u.s. treasury regulations are issued, the amount of amt firstenergy pays could be significantly different than current estimates or it may not be a payer at all. the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation may also be subject to regulation by ferc and/or applicable state regulatory authorities. any adverse development in this legislation, including guidance from the u.s. treasury and/or the irs or unfavorable regulatory treatment, could negatively impact firstenergy's cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
as discussed above, firstenergy expects to close on the sale of an additional 30% interest in fet in 2024, at which time firstenergy expects to realize an approximate $7.5 billion tax gain from the combined sale of 49.9% of the membership interests of fet for consideration received and recapture of negative tax basis in fet. as of december 31, 2023, firstenergy had approximately $8.1 billion of gross federal nol carryforwards, as further discussed below, which will be used to offset a majority of the tax gain from the fet sale and expected taxable income in 2024, however due to certain limitations on utilization enacted in the tax act, a portion of the nol will carry into 2025 and possibly beyond. as a result of the expected additional 30% sale in fet, firstenergy recognized a charge to income tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2022 of approximately $752 million, representing the deferred tax liability associated with the deferred tax gain on the initial 19.9% sale of fet that closed in may 2022, such deferred gain consisting of consideration received on the sale and the recapture of estimated negative tax basis in fet impacted by taxable income and loss among other factors. in the fourth quarter of 2023, firstenergy recognized a charge to income tax expense of approximately $58 million as a true-up of the deferred tax liability associated with the deferred tax gain.
state regulation each of the utilities' retail rates, conditions of service, issuance of securities and other matters are subject to regulation in the states in which it operates - in maryland by the mdpsc, in new jersey by the njbpu, in ohio by the puco, in pennsylvania by the ppuc, in west virginia by the wvpsc and in new york by the nypsc. the transmission operations of pe and trail in virginia, atsi in ohio, the transmission companies in pennsylvania, pe and mp in west virginia, and pe in maryland are subject to certain regulations of the vscc, puco, ppuc, wvpsc, and mdpsc, respectively. in addition, under ohio law, municipalities may regulate rates of a public utility, subject to appeal to the puco if not acceptable to the utility. further, if any of the firstenergy affiliates were to engage in the construction of significant new transmission facilities, depending on the state, they may be required to obtain state regulatory authorization to site, construct and operate the new transmission facility.
the following table summarizes the key terms of base distribution rate orders in effect for the utilities as of december 31, 2023:
company                    rates effective for customers            allowed debt/equity   allowed roe cei                        may 2009                                           51% / 49%   10.5%
(1) reflects filed debt/equity as final settlement/orders do not specifically include capital structure. additionally, on january 1, 2024, firstenergy consolidated the pennsylvania companies into fe pa, making it a new, single operating entity, and will operate under the rate districts of the former pennsylvania companies.
maryland pe operates under mdpsc approved base rates that were effective as of october 19, 2023. pe also provides sos pursuant to a combination of settlement agreements, mdpsc orders and regulations, and statutory provisions. sos supply is competitively procured in the form of rolling contracts of varying lengths through periodic auctions that are overseen by the mdpsc and a third-party monitor. although settlements with respect to sos supply for pe customers have expired, service continues in the same manner until changed by order of the mdpsc. pe recovers its costs plus a return for providing sos.
on march 22, 2023, pe filed a base rate case with the mdpsc, utilizing a test year based on twelve months of actual 2022 data. the base rate case request included an annual increase in base distribution rates of $50.4 million, plus a request to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) in a subsequent base rate case the net differences between the amount of pension and opeb expense requested in the proceeding (based on average expense from 2018 to 2022) and the actual annual amount each year using the delayed recognition method. the rate case additionally requested approval to continue an edis to fund three service reliability and resiliency programs, two new proposed programs to assist low-income customers and cost recovery of certain expenses associated with pe's pilot electric vehicle charger program and its covid-19 pandemic response. on october 18, 2023, the mdpsc approved an annual increase in base distribution rates of $28 million, effective october 19,
2023. the order denied pe's request to establish a pension/opeb regulatory asset (or liability), allowed recovery of most covid-19 deferred costs; and rejected the continuation of pe's edis, as pe's reliability has improved such that the surcharge recovery mechanism is no longer merited at this time. the mdpsc also ordered an independent audit of certain allocations from fesc to pe and denied recovery of approximately $12 million in rate base associated with certain corporate support costs recorded to capital accounts resulting from the ferc audit. on january 3, 2024, the mdpsc issued an order granting pe's request for reconsideration and increased pe's allowed distribution rates by another $0.7 million.
the empower maryland program requires each electric utility to file a plan to reduce electric consumption and demand 0.2% per year, up to the ultimate goal of 2% annual savings. pe recovers program investments with a return through an annually reconciled surcharge, with most costs subject to recovery over a five-year period with a return on the unamortized balance. maryland law only allows for the utility to recover lost distribution revenue attributable to energy efficiency or demand reduction programs through a base rate case proceeding. on august 1, 2023, pe filed its proposed plan for the 2024-2026 cycle as required by the mdpsc. consistent with a december 29, 2022, order by the mdpsc phasing out the ability of maryland utilities to earn a return on empower investments, pe will be required to expense 33% of its empower program costs in 2024, 67% in 2025 and 100% in 2026. notwithstanding the order to phase out pe's ability to earn a return on its empower investments, all previously unamortized costs for prior cycles will continue to earn a return and be collected by the end of 2029, consistent with the plan pe submitted on january 11, 2023. in the 2024-2026 order issued on december 29, 2023, the period to pay down the amortized balances was extended through the end of 2031. additionally at the direction of the mdpsc, pe together with other maryland utilities are required to address ghg reductions in addition to energy efficiency. in compliance with the mdpsc directive, pe submitted three scenarios with projected costs over a three-year cycle of $310 million, $354 million, and $510 million, respectively. the mdpsc conducted hearings on the proposed plans for all maryland utilities on november 6-8, 2023. on december 29, 2023, the mdpsc issued an order approving the $310 million scenario for most programs, with some modifications.
on april 17, 2023, pe submitted a proposal to the mdpsc seeking approval to end its ppa with the warrior run generating station. the ppa for warrior run was a requirement of the public utility regulatory policies act of 1978. pe's maryland customers currently pay a surcharge on their electric bill in connection with the warrior run ppa, which fluctuates from year to year based on the difference between what pe pays for the output of the plant and what pe is able to recover by reselling that output into pjm. pe negotiated a termination of the ppa, which the mdpsc approved on june 21, 2023, and became effective june 28, 2023, requiring it to pay warrior run a fixed amount of $51 million annually through 2029, for a total of $357 million. during the second quarter of 2023, a liability was established for the $357 million termination fee, of which $55 million was included in "other current liabilities" and $302 million in "other non-current liabilities", and as the cost of the termination fee will be recovered through the current surcharge, an offsetting regulatory asset was established on firstenergy's consolidated balance sheets, and results in no impact to firstenergy's or pe's current or future earnings and is expected to result in savings for pe's maryland customers. on july 26, 2023, the mdpsc approved the change in surcharge, effective august 1, 2023, after previously approving the termination of the agreement.
new jersey jcp&l operates under njbpu approved rates that took effect as of january 1, 2021, and were effective for customers as of november 1, 2021. jcp&l provides bgs for retail customers who do not choose a third-party egs and for customers of third- party egss that fail to provide the contracted service. all new jersey edcs participate in this competitive bgs procurement process and recover bgs costs directly from customers as a charge separate from base rates.
on march 16, 2023, jcp&l filed a base rate case with the njbpu, utilizing a test year based on six months of actual data for the second half of calendar year 2022, and six months of forecasted data for the first half of calendar year 2023. the rate case requested an annual net increase in base distribution revenues of approximately $185 million, plus a request to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) in a subsequent base rate case the net differences between the amount of pension and opeb expense requested in the proceeding (based on 2023 expense) and the actual annual amount each year using the delayed recognition method. jcp&l updated its base rate case in filings made on june 2, 2023 and august 7, 2023 to provide actual test-year data for the twelve months ended june 30, 2023, and update its proposed annual net increase in base rate distribution revenues to approximately $192 million. in addition to the above, jcp&l's request includes, among other things, approval of two new proposed programs to assist low-income customers, cost recovery of certain investments and expenses associated with its electric vehicle and ami programs, an update of its depreciation rates, modifications to its storm cost recovery, and tariff modifications to update standard construction costs. a procedural schedule was adopted with evidentiary hearings to be held the week of january 8, 2024. on october 17, 2023, jcp&l requested a suspension of the procedural schedule to enter into formal settlement discussions, which all parties agreed, and the administrative law judge granted the same day. on february 2, 2024, jcp&l, joined by various parties, filed a stipulated settlement with the njbpu resolving jcp&l's request for a distribution base rate increase. the settlement provides for an $85 million annual base distribution revenues increase for jcp&l, which, if approved by the njbpu, is expected to take effect february 15, 2024, and be effective for customers on june 1, 2024. until those new rates become effective for customers, jcp&l would begin to amortize an existing regulatory liability totaling approximately $18 million to offset the base rate increase that otherwise would have occurred in this period. under the base rate case settlement agreement, jcp&l also agreed to a two-phase reliability improvement plan to enhance the reliability related to 18 high-priority circuits, the first phase of which will begin no later than march 1, 2024 and represents an approximate investment of $95 million. jcp&l expects to amend its pending energizenj petition upon receipt of njbpu approval of the base rate case settlement, to include the second phase of its reliability improvement plan that is expected to address any remaining high-priority circuits not addressed in the first phase. the settlement did not include the request to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) net differences between the amount of pension and opeb expense requested in the proceeding and the actual annual amount each year using the delayed recognition method, however, jcp&l has the ability to pursue in a future separate proceeding.
jcp&l has implemented energy efficiency and peak demand reduction programs in accordance with the new jersey clean energy act as approved by the njbpu in april 2021. the njbpu approved plans include recovery of lost revenues resulting from the programs and a three-year plan (july 2021-june 2024) including total program costs of $203 million, of which $160 million of investment is recovered over a ten-year amortization period with a return as well as $43 million in operations and maintenance expenses and financing costs recovered on an annual basis. on december 5, 2023, jcp&l filed a petition with the njbpu for a six-month extension of ee&c plan i, which was originally scheduled to end on june 30, 2024, but would end on december 31, 2024, with the extension. the proposed budget for the extension period would add approximately $69 million to the original program cost. under the proposal, jcp&l would recover the costs of the extension period and the revenue impact of sales losses resulting therefrom through two separate tariff riders. on december 1, 2023, jcp&l filed a related petition with the njbpu requesting approval of its ee&c plan ii, which covers the january 1, 2025 through june 30, 2027 period and has a proposed budget of approximately $964 million. ee&c plan ii consists of a portfolio of ten energy efficiency programs, one peak demand reduction program and one building decarbonization program. under the proposal, jcp&l would recover its ee&c plan ii revenue requirements and lost revenues from reduced electricity sales associated with ee&c plan ii.
on march 6, 2023, the njbpu issued final rules modifying its regulations to reflect its cta policy in base rate cases to: (i) calculate savings using a five-year look back from the beginning of the test year; (ii) allocate 100% of cta savings to customers; and (iii) exclude transmission assets of edcs in the savings calculation. the final rules of practice were applied by jcp&l in its most recent base rate case filing described above.
on october 28, 2020, the njbpu approved a stipulated settlement between jcp&l and various parties, resolving jcp&l's request for distribution base rate increase. the settlement provided for a $94 million annual base distribution revenues increase for jcp&l based on an roe of 9.6%, which became effective for customers on november 1, 2021. the settlement additionally provided that jcp&l would be subject to a management audit, which began in may 2021. on april 12, 2023, the njbpu accepted the final management audit report for filing purposes and ordered that interested stakeholders file comments on the report by may 22, 2023, which deadline was extended until july 31, 2023. jcp&l filed its comments on july 31, 2023. the parties have filed responses.
on july 2, 2020, the njbpu issued an order allowing new jersey utilities to track and create a regulatory asset for future recovery of all prudently incurred incremental costs arising from the covid-19 pandemic beginning march 9, 2020 and continuing until the new jersey governor issues an order stating that the covid-19 pandemic is no longer in effect. new jersey utilities can request recovery of such regulatory asset in a stand-alone covid-19 regulatory asset filing or future base rate case. on october 28, 2020, the njbpu issued an order expanding the scope of the proceeding to examine all pandemic issues, including recovery of the covid-19 regulatory assets, by way of a generic proceeding. no moratorium on residential disconnections remains in effect for investor-owned electric utilities such as jcp&l. legislation was enacted on march 25, 2022, prohibiting utilities from disconnecting electric service to customers that have applied for utility bill assistance before june 15, 2022 until such time as the state agency administering the assistance program makes a decision on the application and further requiring that all utilities offer a deferred payment arrangement meeting certain minimum criteria after the state agency's decision on the application has been made. on july 17, 2023, jcp&l submitted a stand-alone filing to recover approximately $31 million, through october 1, 2023, in incremental costs and interest incurred during the covid-19 pandemic.
on september 17, 2021, in connection with mid-atlantic offshore development, llc, a transmission company jointly owned by shell new energies us and edf renewables north america, jcp&l submitted a proposal to the njbpu and pjm to build transmission infrastructure connecting offshore wind-generated electricity to the new jersey power grid. on october 26, 2022, the jcp&l proposal was accepted, in part, in an order issued by njbpu. the proposal, as accepted, included approximately $723 million in investments for jcp&l to both build new and upgrade existing transmission infrastructure. jcp&l's proposal projects an investment roe of 10.2% and includes the option for jcp&l to acquire up to a 20% equity stake in mid-atlantic offshore development, llc. the resulting rates associated with the project are expected to be shared among the ratepayers of all new jersey electric utilities. on april 17, 2023, jcp&l applied for the ferc "abandonment" transmission rates incentive, which would provide for recovery of 100% of the cancelled prudent project costs that are incurred after the incentive is approved, and 50% of the costs incurred prior to that date, in the event that some or all of the project is cancelled for reasons beyond jcp&l's control. ferc staff subsequently requested additional information on jcp&l's application, which jcp&l provided. on august 21, 2023, ferc approved jcp&l's application, effective august 22, 2023. on october 31, 2023, offshore wind developer, orsted, announced plans to cease development of two offshore wind projects in new jersey-ocean wind 1 and 2-having a combined planned capacity of 2,248 mw. at this time, orsted's announcement does not affect jcp&l's awarded projects and jcp&l is moving forward with preconstruction activities for the planned transmission infrastructure. construction is expected to begin in 2025.
consistent with the commitments made in its proposal to the njbpu, jcp&l formally submitted in november 2023 the first part of its application to the united states department of energy to finance a portion of the project using low-interest rate loans available under the united states department of energy's energy infrastructure reinvestment program of the ira of 2022. jcp&l anticipates submitting the second part of its two-part application in the first quarter of 2024.
on november 9, 2023, jcp&l filed a petition for approval of its second energizenj with the njbpu that would, among other things, support grid modernization, system resiliency and substation modernization in technologies designed to provide enhanced customer benefits. jcp&l proposes energizenj will be implemented over a five-year budget period with estimated costs of approximately $935 million over the deployment period, of which, $906 million is capital investments and $29 million is operating and maintenance expenses. under the proposal, the costs of energizenj would be recovered through jcp&l's base rates via annual and semi-annual base rate adjustment filings. public hearings have been requested but are not yet scheduled. jcp&l has requested that the njbpu issue a final decision and order no later than may 22, 2024, based on a june 1, 2024, commencement date for energizenj. jcp&l anticipates filing amendments to the energizenj program after receipt of approval from the njbpu of the base rate case stipulation that was filed on february 2, 2024.
ohio the ohio companies operate under puco-approved base distribution rates that became effective in 2009. the ohio companies currently operate under esp iv, effective june 1, 2016 and continuing through may 31, 2024, that continues the supply of power to non-shopping customers at a market-based price set through an auction process. esp iv also continues the rider dcr, which supports continued investment related to the distribution system for the benefit of customers, with increased revenue caps of $20 million per year from june 1, 2019 through may 31, 2022; and $15 million per year from june 1, 2022 through may 31, 2024. in addition, esp iv includes: (1) continuation of a base distribution rate freeze through may 31, 2024; (2) a goal across firstenergy to reduce co2 emissions by 90% below 2005 levels by 2045; and (3) contributions, totaling $51 million to: (a) fund energy conservation programs, economic development and job retention in the ohio companies' service territories; (b) establish a fuel-fund in each of the ohio companies' service territories to assist low-income customers; and (c) establish a customer advisory council to ensure preservation and growth of the competitive market in ohio.
on april 5, 2023, the ohio companies filed an application with the puco for approval of esp v, for an eight-year term beginning june 1, 2024, and continuing through may 31, 2032. esp v proposes to continue providing power to non-shopping customers at market-based prices set through an auction process, with process enhancements designed to reduce costs to customers. esp v also proposes to continue riders supporting investment in the ohio companies' distribution system, including rider dcr with annual revenue cap increases of $15 to $21 million per year, based on reliability performance, and rider ami for recovery of approved grid modernization investments. esp v proposes new riders to support continued maintenance of the distribution system, including vegetation management and storm restoration operating expense. in addition, esp v proposes four-year energy efficiency and peak demand reduction programs for residential and commercial customers, with cost recovery spread over eight years. esp v further includes a commitment to spend $52 million in total over the eight-year term, without recovery from customers, on initiatives to assist low-income customers, education and incentives to help ensure customers have good experiences with electric vehicles. hearings commenced on november 7, 2023 and concluded on december 6, 2023. on december 6, 2023, certain intervenors filed a motion requesting a limited stay of the ohio companies' proposal to continue rider dcr. the ohio companies contested the motion, which is pending.
on may 16, 2022, the ohio companies filed their application for determination of the existence of seet under esp iv for calendar year 2021, which demonstrated that each of the individual ohio companies did not have significantly excessive earnings. this matter remains pending before the puco.
on july 15, 2022, the ohio companies filed an application with the puco for approval of phase two of their distribution grid modernization plan that would, among other things, provide for the installation of an additional 700 thousand smart meters, distribution automation equipment on approximately 240 distribution circuits, voltage regulating equipment on approximately 220 distribution circuits, and other investments and pilot programs in related technologies designed to provide enhanced customer benefits. the ohio companies propose that phase two will be implemented over a four-year budget period with estimated capital investments of approximately $626 million and operations and maintenance expenses of approximately $144 million over the deployment period. under the proposal, costs of phase two of the grid modernization plan would be recovered through the ohio companies' ami rider, pursuant to the terms and conditions approved in esp iv. hearings are scheduled to commence on april 16, 2024. on january 22, 2024, occ filed a motion requesting a stay of phase two. the ohio companies contested the motion, which is pending.
on september 8, 2020, the occ filed motions in the ohio companies' corporate separation audit and dmr audit dockets, requesting the puco to open an investigation and management audit, hire an independent auditor, and require firstenergy to show it did not improperly use money collected from consumers or violate any utility regulatory laws, rules or orders in its activities regarding hb 6. on december 30, 2020, in response to the occ's motion, the puco reopened the dmr audit docket, and directed puco staff to solicit a third-party auditor and conduct a full review of the dmr to ensure funds collected from customers through the dmr were only used for the purposes established in esp iv. on june 2, 2021, the puco selected an auditor, and the auditor filed the final audit report on january 14, 2022, which made certain findings and recommendations. the report found that spending of dmr revenues was not required to be tracked, and that dmr revenues, like all rider revenues, are placed into the regulated money pool as a matter of routine, where the funds lose their identity. therefore, the report could not suggest that dmr funds were used definitively for direct or indirect support for grid modernization. the report also concluded that there was no documented evidence that ties revenues from the dmr to lobbying for the passage of hb 6, but also could not rule out with certainty uses of dmr funds to support the passage of hb 6. the report further recommended that the regulated companies' money pool be audited more frequently and the ohio companies adopt formal dividend policies. final comments and responses were filed by parties during the second quarter of 2022.
on september 15, 2020, the puco opened a new proceeding to review the political and charitable spending by the ohio companies in support of hb 6 and the subsequent referendum effort, and directing the ohio companies to show cause, demonstrating that the costs of any political or charitable spending in support of hb 6, or the subsequent referendum effort, were not included, directly or indirectly, in any rates or charges paid by customers. the ohio companies initially filed a response stating that the costs of any political or charitable spending in support of hb 6, or the subsequent referendum effort, were not included, directly or indirectly, in any rates or charges paid by customers, but on august 6, 2021, filed a supplemental response explaining that, in light of the facts set forth in the dpa and the findings of the rider dcr audit report further discussed below, political or charitable spending in support of hb 6, or the subsequent referendum effort, affected pole attachment rates paid by approximately $15 thousand. on october 26, 2021, the occ filed a motion requesting the puco to order an independent external audit to investigate fe's political and charitable spending related to hb 6, and to appoint an independent review panel to retain and oversee the auditor. in november and december 2021, parties filed comments and reply comments regarding the ohio companies' original and supplemental responses to the puco's september 15, 2020, show cause directive. on may 4, 2022, the puco selected a third-party auditor to determine whether the show cause demonstration submitted by the ohio companies is sufficient to ensure that the cost of any political or charitable spending in support of hb 6 or the subsequent referendum effort was not included, directly or indirectly, in any rates or charges paid by ratepayers.
in connection with an ongoing audit of the ohio companies' policies and procedures relating to the code of conduct rules between affiliates, on november 4, 2020, the puco initiated an additional corporate separation audit as a result of the firstenergy leadership transition announcement made on october 29, 2020, as further discussed below. the additional audit is to ensure compliance by the ohio companies and their affiliates with corporate separation laws and the ohio companies' corporate separation plan. the additional audit is for the period from november 2016 through october 2020. the final audit report was filed on september 13, 2021. the audit report makes no findings of major non-compliance with ohio corporate separation requirements, minor non-compliance with eight requirements, and findings of compliance with 23 requirements. parties filed comments and reply comments on the audit report.
in connection with an ongoing annual audit of the ohio companies' rider dcr for 2020, and as a result of disclosures in firstenergy's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 (filed on february 18, 2021), the puco expanded the scope of the audit on march 10, 2021, to include a review of certain transactions that were either improperly classified, misallocated, or lacked supporting documentation, and to determine whether funds collected from customers were used to pay the vendors, and if so, whether or not the funds associated with those payments should be returned to customers through rider dcr or through an alternative proceeding. on august 3, 2021, the auditor filed its final report on this phase of the audit, and the parties submitted comments and reply comments on this audit report in october 2021. additionally, on september 29, 2021, the puco expanded the scope of the audit in this proceeding to determine if the costs of the naming rights for firstenergy stadium have been recovered from the ohio companies' customers. on november 19, 2021, the auditor filed its final report, in which the auditor concluded that the firstenergy stadium naming rights expenses were not recovered from ohio customers. on december 15, 2021, the puco further expanded the scope of the audit to include an investigation into an apparent nondisclosure of a side agreement in the ohio companies' esp iv settlement proceedings, but stayed its expansion of the audit until otherwise ordered by the puco.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. attorney for the southern district of ohio requested that the puco stay the above pending hb 6- related matters for a period of six months, which request was granted by the puco on august 24, 2022. on february 22, 2023, the u.s. attorney for the southern district of ohio again requested that the puco stay the above pending hb-6 related matters for a period of six months, which request was granted by the puco on march 8, 2023. on august 10, 2023, the u.s. attorney for the southern district of ohio requested that the puco stay the above pending hb 6-related matters for a period of six additional months, which was approved by the puco on august 23, 2023. on september 22, 2023, occ filed an application for rehearing challenging the puco's august 23, 2023, order, which the puco denied on october 18, 2023. on november 17, 2023, occ filed an application for rehearing challenging the october 18, 2023 entry to the extent the puco decided not to stay esp v as well as grid mod i and grid mod ii along with the investigations. on november 27, 2023, the ohio companies filed a memorandum contra occ's application for rehearing. the four cases remain stayed in their entirety, including discovery and motions, and all related procedural schedules are vacated.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, motions were filed with the puco requesting that the puco amend the ohio companies' riders for collecting the ovec-related charges required by hb 6 to provide for refunds in the event such provisions of hb 6 are repealed. neither the ohio companies nor fe benefit from the ovec-related charges the ohio companies collect. instead, the ohio companies are further required by hb 6 to remit all the ovec-related charges they collect to non-fe ohio electric distribution utilities. the ohio companies contested the motions, which are pending before the puco.
on may 15, 2023, the ohio companies filed their application for determination of the existence of seet under esp iv for calendar year 2022, which demonstrated that each of the individual ohio companies did not have significantly excessive earnings. this matter remains pending before the puco.
see "outlook - other legal proceedings" below for additional details on the government investigations and subsequent litigation surrounding the investigation of hb 6.
pennsylvania the pennsylvania companies operated under rates approved by the ppuc, effective as of january 27, 2017. on january 1, 2024, each of the pennsylvania companies merged with and into fe pa. as a result of the pa consolidation, fe pa will have five rate districts in pennsylvania - four that correspond to the territories previously serviced by me, pn, penn, and wp and one rate district that corresponds to wp's service provided to the pennsylvania state university. the rate districts created by the pa consolidation will continue the current rate structure of me, pn, penn, and wp until the earlier of 2033 or in the fourth base rate case filed after january 1, 2025.
pursuant to pennsylvania act 129 of 2008 and ppuc orders, the pennsylvania companies implemented energy efficiency and peak demand reduction programs with demand reduction targets, relative to 2007 to 2008 peak demands, at 2.9% mw for me, 3.3% mw for pn, 2.0% mw for penn, and 2.5% mw for wp; and energy consumption reduction targets, as a percentage of the pennsylvania companies' historic 2009 to 2010 reference load at 3.1% mwh for me, 3.0% mwh for pn, 2.7% mwh for penn, and 2.4% mwh for wp. the fourth phase of fe pa's energy efficiency and peak demand reduction program, which runs for the five -year period beginning june 1, 2021 through may 31, 2026, was approved by the ppuc on june 18, 2020, providing through cost recovery of approximately $390 million to be recovered through energy efficiency and conservation phase iv riders for each fe pa rate district.
pennsylvania edcs are permitted to seek ppuc approval of an ltiip for infrastructure improvements and costs related to highway relocation projects, after which a dsic may be approved to recover ltiip costs. on january 16, 2020, the ppuc approved the pennsylvania companies' ltiips for the five-year period beginning january 1, 2020 and ending december 31, 2024 for a total capital investment of approximately $572 million for certain infrastructure improvement initiatives. on june 25, 2021, the pennsylvania office of consumer advocate filed a complaint against penn's quarterly dsic rate, disputing the recoverability of the companies' automated distribution management system investment under the dsic mechanism. on january 26, 2022, the parties filed a joint petition for settlement that resolves all issues in this matter, which was approved by the ppuc without modification on april 14, 2022.
following the pennsylvania companies' 2016 base rate proceedings, the ppuc ruled in a separate proceeding related to the dsic mechanisms that the pennsylvania companies were not required to reflect federal and state income tax deductions related to dsic-eligible property in dsic rates. the decision was appealed to the pennsylvania supreme court and in july 2021 the court upheld the pennsylvania commonwealth court's reversal of the ppuc's decision and remanded the matter back to the ppuc for determination as to how dsic calculations shall account for accumulated deferred income taxes and state taxes. the ppuc issued the order as directed.
on march 6, 2023, firstenergy filed applications with the ppuc, nypsc and ferc seeking approval to consolidate the pennsylvania companies into a new, single operating entity. the pa consolidation includes, among other steps: (a) the transfer of certain pennsylvania-based transmission assets owned by wp to katco, (b) the contribution of class b equity interests of mait then held by pn and me to fe (and ultimately transferred to fet as part of the fet minority equity interest sale as further described above), (c) the formation of fe pa and (d) the merger of each of the pennsylvania companies with and into fe pa, with fe pa surviving such mergers as the successor-in-interest to all assets and liabilities of the pennsylvania companies. on august 30, 2023, the parties filed a settlement agreement recommending that the ppuc approve the pa consolidation subject to the terms of the settlement, which include among other things, $650 thousand over five years in bill assistance for income-eligible customers and the pennsylvania companies' commitment to (i) not seek full distribution rate unification until the earlier of 10 years or in the fourth base rate case filed after january 1, 2025 and (ii) track and share with customers certain operational and administrative efficiency costs associated with the pa consolidation. the ppuc, nypsc and ferc approved firstenergy's applications on december 7, 2023, november 16, 2023, and august 14, 2023, respectively. the transaction closed on january 1, 2024 making fe pa firstenergy's only regulated utility in pennsylvania.
on may 5, 2023, firstenergy and brookfield submitted applications to ferc and to the ppuc to facilitate the fet minority equity interest sale. on may 12, 2023, the parties also filed an application with the vscc, which was approved on june 20, 2023. on august 14, 2023, ferc issued an order approving the fet minority equity interest sale. on november 24, 2023, cfius notified fet, brookfield and the abu dhabi investment authority that it has determined that there were no unresolved national security issues and its review of the transaction was concluded. on november 29, 2023, the parties filed a settlement agreement recommending that the ppuc approve the transaction subject to the terms of the settlement, which include among other things, a number of ring-fencing provisions and a commitment to improve transmission reliability over the next five years. the settlement is currently pending ppuc approval.
west virginia mp and pe provide electric service to all customers through traditional cost-based, regulated utility ratemaking and operate under wvpsc-approved rates that became effective in february 2015. mp and pe recover net power supply costs, including fuel costs, purchased power costs and related expenses, net of related market sales revenue through the enec. mp's and pe's enec rate is updated annually.
on august 25, 2022, mp and pe filed with the wvpsc their annual enec case requesting an increase in enec rates of $183.8 million beginning january 1, 2023, which represents a 12.2% increase to the rates then in effect. the increase was driven by an under recovery during the review period (july 1, 2021, to june 30, 2022) of approximately $145 million due to higher coal, reagent, and emission allowance expenses. this filing additionally addresses, among other things, the wvpsc's may 2022 request for a prudence review of current rates. at a hearing on december 8, 2022, the parties in the case presented a unanimous settlement to increase rates by approximately $92 million, effective january 1, 2023, and carry over to mp and pe's 2023 enec case, approximately $92 million at a carrying charge of 4%. in an order dated december 30, 2022, the wvpsc approved the settlement with respect to the proposed rate increase, but mp and pe rates remain subject to a prudence review in their 2023 enec case. the order also instructed mp to evaluate the feasibility of purchasing the 1,300 mw pleasants power station and file a summary of the evaluation, which mp and pe filed on march 31, 2023. mp and pe provided the wvpsc with regular status reports throughout the second quarter of 2023 regarding the process of their evaluation. subsequently, the owner of pleasants entered into an agreement to sell pleasants to an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of omnis global technologies, llc, which transaction closed on august 1, 2023. as a result, mp and pe ceased consideration of the possible purchase of pleasants and on august 30, 2023, the wvpsc closed the proceeding.
on august 31, 2023, mp and pe filed with the wvpsc their annual enec case requesting an increase in enec rates of $167.5 million beginning january 1, 2024, which represents a 9.9% increase in overall rates. this increase, which was driven primarily by higher fuel expenses, includes the approximate $92 million carried over from the 2022 enec proceeding and a portion of the approximately $267 million under recovery balance at the end of the review period (july 1, 2022 to june 30, 2023). the remaining $75.6 million of the under recovery balance not recovered in 2024 will be deferred for collection during 2025, with an annual carrying charge of 4%. a hearing was held on november 30, 2023, at which time a joint stipulation for settlement that was agreed to by all but one party was presented to the wvpsc. the settlement provides for a net $55.4 million increase in enec rates beginning march 27, 2024 with the net deferred enec balance of approximately $255 million to be recovered through 2026. there will be no 2024 enec case unless mp and pe over or under recover more than $50 million than the 2024 enec balance and a party elects to invoke a case filing. an order is expected by march 2024.
on november 22, 2021, mp and pe filed with the wvpsc their plan to construct 50 mws of solar generation at five sites in west virginia. the plan includes a tariff to offer solar power to west virginia customers and cost recovery for mp and pe through a surcharge for any solar investment not fully subscribed by their customers. a hearing was held in mid-march 2022 and on april 21, 2022, the wvpsc issued an order approving, effective may 1, 2022, the requested tariff and requiring mp and pe to subscribe at least 85% of the planned 50 mws before seeking final tariff approval. mp and pe must seek separate approval from the wvpsc to recover any solar generation costs in excess of the approved tariff. on april 24, 2023, mp and pe sought final tariff approval from the wvpsc for three of the five solar sites, representing 30 mws of generation, and requested approval of a surcharge to recover any costs above the final approved tariff. the first solar generation site went into service in january 2024 and construction of the remaining four sites are expected to be completed no later than the end of 2025 at a total investment cost of approximately $110 million. on august 23, 2023, the wvpsc approved the customer surcharge and granted approval to construct three of the five solar sites. the surcharge went into effect january 1, 2024.
on january 13, 2023, mp and pe filed a request with the wvpsc seeking approval of new depreciation rates for existing and future capital assets. specifically, mp and pe are seeking to increase depreciation expense by approximately $76 million per year, primarily for regulated generation-related assets. any depreciation rates approved by the wvpsc would not become effective until new base rates were established. on august 22, 2023, a unanimous settlement of the case was filed recommending a $33 million per year increase in depreciation expense, effective april 1, 2024. an order from the wvpsc is expected in the first quarter 2024.
on march 2, 2023, the wvpsc ordered an audit of mp and pe focused on: (i) the lobbying and promotional/image building expenses, including those related to hb 6, incurred by mp and pe from 2018 to 2022 (ii) intra-corporate charges, (iii) the accounting for charges included in the enec cost recovery accounts of mp and pe during the same time period, and (iv) review and report on the findings, including those specific to mp and pe, set forth in the ferc audit described below as well as a review and report of the responses by mp and pe thereto. the audit began in september 2023 and concluded with a filing of the report on december 28, 2023. the audit found no evidence that hb 6 related costs were included in the 2022 test year, and no errors or omission were identified that would materially affect lobbying and image building costs or expenses charged to the enec for the period 2018 to 2022. additionally, there were several recommended adjustments and recommendations, however, none are expected to have a material effect on firstenergy, mp or pe. the report was evaluated as part of the ongoing base rate case.
on may 31, 2023, mp and pe filed a base rate case with the wvpsc requesting a total revenue increase of approximately $207 million utilizing a test year of 2022 with adjustments plus a request to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) in a subsequent base rate case the net differences between the amount of pension and opeb expense requested in the proceeding (based on average expense from 2018 to 2022) and the actual annual amount each year using the delayed recognition method. among other things, the increase includes the approximate $76 million requested in a depreciation case filed on january 13, 2023 and described more fully above, and amounts to support a new low-income customer advocacy program, storm restoration work and service reliability investments. new rates are expected to be effective by the end of march 2024. on january 23, 2024, mp, pe and various parties filed with a joint settlement agreement with the wvpsc, which recommends a base rate increase of $105 million, inclusive of the $33 million increase in depreciation expense. additionally, the settlement includes a new low-income customer advocacy program, a pilot program for service reliability investments and recovery of costs related to storm restoration, retired generation assets and covid-19. the settlement did not include the request to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) for recover (or refund) associated with pension and opeb expense, however, it did not preclude mp and pe from pursuing that in a future separate proceeding. an order is expected by the end of the first quarter of 2024 with new rates to be effective march 27, 2024.
on august 31, 2023, mp and pe filed its biennial review of their vegetation management program and surcharge. mp and pe have proposed an approximate $17 million increase in the surcharge rates, due to an under recovery in the prior two-year period and increased forecast costs. the case was unanimously settled by the parties on november 29, 2023, approved by the wvpsc on january 8, 2024, and the $17 million increase proposed by mp and pe went into effect on january 1, 2024. see "outlook - environmental matters - clean water act" below, for additional details on the epa's elg.
ferc regulatory matters under the federal power act, ferc regulates rates for interstate wholesale sales and transmission of electric power, regulatory accounting and reporting under the uniform system of accounts, and other matters, including construction and operation of hydroelectric projects. with respect to their wholesale services and rates, the utilities, ae supply and the transmission companies are subject to regulation by ferc. ferc regulations require jcp&l, mp, pe, wp and the transmission companies to provide open access transmission service at ferc-approved rates, terms and conditions. transmission facilities of jcp&l, mp, pe, wp and the transmission companies are subject to functional control by pjm and transmission service using their transmission facilities is provided by pjm under the pjm tariff. on january 1, 2024, wp transferred certain of its pennsylvania-based transmission assets to katco.
the following table summarizes the key terms of rate orders in effect for transmission customer billings for firstenergy's transmission owner entities as of december 31, 2023:
company           rates effective         capital structure                                            allowed roe atsi              january 2015            actual (13-month average)                                         10.38%
mp                january 2021            lower of actual (13-month average) or 56%                         10.45%
pe                january 2021            lower of actual (13-month average) or 56%                         10.45%
wp(1)             january 2021            lower of actual (13-month average) or 56%                         10.45%
mait              july 2017               lower of actual (13-month average) or 60%                          10.3%
(1) on january 1, 2024, wp transferred certain of its pennsylvania-based transmission assets to katco
(3) all other projects ferc regulates the sale of power for resale in interstate commerce in part by granting authority to public utilities to sell wholesale power at market-based rates upon showing that the seller cannot exert market power in generation or transmission or erect barriers to entry into markets. the utilities and ae supply each have the necessary authorization from ferc to sell their wholesale power, if any, in interstate commerce at market-based rates, although in the case of the utilities major wholesale purchases remain subject to review and regulation by the relevant state commissions.
federally enforceable mandatory reliability standards apply to the bulk electric system and impose certain operating, record-keeping and reporting requirements on the utilities, ae supply, and the transmission companies. nerc is the electric reliability organization designated by ferc to establish and enforce these reliability standards, although nerc has delegated day-to-day implementation and enforcement of these reliability standards to six regional entities, including rfc. all of the facilities that firstenergy operates are located within the rfc region. firstenergy actively participates in the nerc and rfc stakeholder processes, and otherwise monitors and manages its companies in response to the ongoing development, implementation and enforcement of the reliability standards implemented and enforced by rfc.
firstenergy believes that it is in material compliance with all currently effective and enforceable reliability standards. nevertheless, in the course of operating its extensive electric utility systems and facilities, firstenergy occasionally learns of isolated facts or circumstances that could be interpreted as excursions from the reliability standards. if and when such occurrences are found, firstenergy develops information about the occurrence and develops a remedial response to the specific circumstances, including in appropriate cases "self-reporting" an occurrence to rfc. moreover, it is clear that nerc, rfc and ferc will continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as to develop and adopt new reliability standards. any inability on firstenergy's part to comply with the reliability standards for its bulk electric system could result in the imposition of financial penalties, or obligations to upgrade or build transmission facilities, that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
ferc audit ferc's division of audits and accounting initiated a nonpublic audit of fesc in february 2019. among other matters, the audit is evaluating firstenergy's compliance with certain accounting and reporting requirements under various ferc regulations. on february 4, 2022, ferc filed the final audit report for the period of january 1, 2015 through september 30, 2021, which included several findings and recommendations that firstenergy has accepted. the audit report included a finding and related recommendation on firstenergy's methodology for allocation of certain corporate support costs to regulatory capital accounts under certain ferc regulations and reporting. effective in the first quarter of 2022 and in response to the finding, firstenergy had implemented a new methodology for the allocation of these corporate support costs to regulatory capital accounts for its regulated distribution and transmission companies on a prospective basis. with the assistance of an independent outside firm, firstenergy completed an analysis during the third quarter of 2022 of these costs and how it impacted certain ferc-jurisdictional wholesale transmission customer rates for the audit period of 2015 through 2021. as a result of this analysis, firstenergy recorded in the third quarter of 2022 approximately $45 million ($34 million after-tax) in expected customer refunds, plus interest, due to its wholesale transmission customers and reclassified approximately $195 million of certain transmission capital assets to operating expenses for the audit period, of which $90 million ($67 million after-tax) are not expected to be recoverable and impacted firstenergy's earnings since they relate to costs capitalized during stated transmission rate time periods. firstenergy is currently recovering approximately $105 million of costs reclassified to operating expenses in its transmission formula rate revenue requirements, of which $13 million of costs have been recovered as of december 31, 2023. on december 8, 2023, ferc audit staff issued a letter advising that two unresolved audit matters, primarily related to firstenergy's plan to recover the reclassified operating expenses in formula transmission rates, were being referred to other offices within ferc for further review. these reclassifications also resulted in a reduction to the regulated transmission segment's rate base by approximately $160 million, which is not expected to materially impact firstenergy or the segment's future earnings. the expected wholesale transmission customer refunds were recognized as a reduction to revenue, and the amount of reclassified transmission capital assets that are not expected to be recoverable were recognized within "other operating expenses" at the regulated transmission segment and on firstenergy's consolidated statements of income. furthermore, firstenergy's distribution utilities are in the process of addressing the outcomes of the ferc audit with the applicable state commissions and proceedings, which includes seeking continued rate base treatment of approximately $310 million of certain corporate support costs allocated to distribution capital assets. if firstenergy is unable to recover these transmission or distribution costs, it could result in future charges and/or adjustments and have an adverse impact on firstenergy's financial condition.
on february 24, 2022, the occ filed a complaint with ferc against atsi, aep's ohio affiliates and american electric power service corporation, and duke energy ohio, llc asserting that ferc should reduce the roe utilized in the utilities' transmission formula rates by eliminating the 50 basis point adder associated with rto membership, effective february 24, 2022. the occ contends that this result is required because ohio law mandates that transmission owning utilities join an rto and that the 50 basis point adder is applicable only where rto membership is voluntary. on december 15, 2022, ferc denied the complaint as to atsi and duke, but granted it as to aep. aep and occ appealed ferc's orders to the sixth circuit. firstenergy is actively participating in the appeal and the case remains pending. firstenergy is unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding, but it is not expected to have a material impact.
transmission roe methodology on march 20, 2020, ferc initiated a rulemaking proceeding on the transmission rate incentives provisions of section 219 of the 2005 energy policy act. firstenergy submitted comments through the edison electric institute and as part of a consortium of pjm transmission owners. in a supplemental rulemaking proceeding that was initiated on april 15, 2021, ferc requested comments on, among other things, whether to require utilities that have been members of an rto for three years or more and that have been collecting an "rto membership" roe incentive adder to file tariff updates that would terminate collection of the incentive adder. initial comments on the proposed rule were filed on june 25, 2021, and reply comments were filed on july 26, 2021. the rulemaking remains pending before ferc. firstenergy is a member of pjm and its transmission subsidiaries could be affected by the supplemental proposed rule. firstenergy participated in comments on the supplemental rulemaking that were submitted by a group of pjm transmission owners and by various industry trade groups. if there were to be any changes to firstenergy's transmission incentive roe, such changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
allegheny power zone transmission formula rate filings on october 29, 2020, mp, pe and wp filed tariff amendments with ferc to implement a forward-looking formula transmission rate, to be effective january 1, 2021. in addition, on october 30, 2020, katco filed a proposed new tariff to establish a forward-looking formula rate and requested that the new rate become effective january 1, 2021. in its filing, katco explained that while it currently owns no transmission assets, it may build new transmission facilities in the allegheny zone, and that it may seek required state and federal authorizations to acquire transmission assets from pe and wp by january 1, 2022. these transmission rate filings were accepted for filing by ferc on december 31, 2020, effective january 1, 2021, subject to refund, pending further hearing and settlement procedures and were consolidated into a single proceeding. mp, pe and wp, and katco filed uncontested settlement agreements with ferc on january 18, 2023. also on january 18, 2023, mp, pe and wp filed a motion for interim rates to implement certain aspects of the settled rate. the interim rates were approved by the ferc chief administrative law judge and took effect on january 1, 2023. as a result of the filed settlement, firstenergy recognized a $25 million pre-tax charge during the fourth quarter of 2022, which reflects the difference between amounts originally recorded as assets and amounts which will ultimately be recovered from customers as a result. on may 4, 2023, ferc issued an order approving the settlement agreement without condition or modification. pursuant to the order, a compliance filing was filed on may 19, 2023, that implemented the terms of the settlement. on june 26, 2023, ferc issued a letter order approving the compliance filing.
transmission planning supplemental projects: ohio consumers counsel v atsi, et al.
on september 27, 2023, the occ filed a complaint against atsi, pjm and other transmission utilities in ohio alleging that the pjm tariff and operating agreement are unjust, unreasonable, and unduly discriminatory because they include no provisions to ensure pjm's review and approval for the planning, need, prudence and cost-effectiveness of the pjm tariff attachment m-3 "supplemental projects." supplemental projects are projects that are planned and constructed to address local needs on the transmission system. the occ demands that ferc: (i) require pjm to review supplemental projects for need, prudence and cost-effectiveness; (ii) appoint an independent transmission monitor to assist pjm in such review; and (iii) require that supplemental projects go into rate base only through a "stated rate" procedure whereby prior ferc approval would be needed for projects with costs that exceed an established threshold. atsi and the other transmission utilities in ohio and pjm filed comments and the complaint is pending before ferc.
environmental matters various federal, state and local authorities regulate firstenergy with regard to air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal, and other environmental matters. while firstenergy's environmental policies and procedures are designed to achieve compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, such laws and regulations are subject to periodic review and potential revision by the implementing agencies. firstenergy cannot predict the timing or ultimate outcome of any of these reviews or how any future actions taken as a result thereof may materially impact its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
clean air act firstenergy complies with so2 and nox emission reduction requirements under the caa and sip by burning lower-sulfur fuel, utilizing combustion controls and post-combustion controls and/or using emission allowances.
csapr requires reductions of nox and so2 emissions in two phases (2015 and 2017), ultimately capping so2 emissions in affected states to 2.4 million tons annually and nox emissions to 1.2 million tons annually. csapr allows trading of nox and so2 emission allowances between power plants located in the same state and interstate trading of nox and so2 emission allowances with some restrictions. on july 28, 2015, the d.c. circuit ordered the epa to reconsider the csapr caps on nox and so2 emissions from power plants in 13 states, including west virginia. this followed the 2014 u.s. supreme court ruling generally upholding the epa's regulatory approach under csapr but questioning whether the epa required upwind states to reduce emissions by more than their contribution to air pollution in downwind states. the epa issued a csapr update on september 7, 2016, reducing summertime nox emissions from power plants in 22 states in the eastern u.s., including west virginia, beginning in 2017. various states and other stakeholders appealed the csapr update to the d.c. circuit in november and december 2016. on september 13, 2019, the d.c. circuit remanded the csapr update to the epa citing that the rule did not eliminate upwind states' significant contributions to downwind states' air quality attainment requirements within applicable attainment deadlines.
also in march 2018, the state of new york filed a caa section 126 petition with the epa alleging that nox emissions from nine states (including west virginia) significantly contribute to new york's inability to attain the ozone national ambient air quality standards. the petition sought suitable emission rate limits for large stationary sources that are allegedly affecting new york's air quality within the three years allowed by caa section 126. on september 20, 2019, the epa denied new york's caa section 126 petition. on october 29, 2019, the state of new york appealed the denial of its petition to the d.c. circuit. on july 14, 2020, the d.c. circuit reversed and remanded the new york petition to the epa for further consideration. on march 15, 2021, the epa issued a revised csapr update that addressed, among other things, the remands of the prior csapr update and the new york section 126 petition. in december 2021, mp purchased nox emissions allowances to comply with 2021 ozone season requirements. on april 6, 2022, the epa published proposed rules seeking to impose further significant reductions in egu nox emissions in 25 upwind states, including west virginia, with the stated purpose of allowing downwind states to attain or maintain
compliance with the 2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards. on february 13, 2023, the epa disapproved 21 sips, which was a prerequisite for the epa to issue a final good neighbor plan or fip. on june 5, 2023, the epa issued the final good neighbor plan with an effective date 60 days thereafter. certain states, including west virginia, have appealed the disapprovals of their respective sips, and some of those states have obtained stays of those disapprovals precluding the good neighbor plan from taking effect in those states. on august 10, 2023, the 4th circuit granted west virginia an interim stay of the disapproval of its sip and on january 10, 2024, after a hearing held on october 27, 2023, granted a full stay which precludes the good neighbor plan from going into effect in west virginia. in addition to west virginia, certain other states, and certain trade organizations, including the midwest ozone group of which fe is a member, have separately appealed and filed motions to stay the good neighbor plan itself at the d.c. circuit. on september 25, 2023, the d.c. circuit denied the motions to stay the good neighbor plan. on october 13, 2023, the aggrieved parties filed an emergency application for an immediate stay of the good neighbor plan with the u.s. supreme court, which remains pending. oral argument is scheduled for february 21, 2024.
climate change in september 2016, the u.s. joined in adopting the agreement reached on december 12, 2015, at the united nations framework convention on climate change meetings in paris to reduce ghgs. the paris agreement's non-binding obligations to limit global warming to below two degrees celsius became effective on november 4, 2016. on june 1, 2017, the trump administration announced that the u.s. would cease all participation in the paris agreement. on january 20, 2021, president biden signed an executive order re-adopting the agreement on behalf of the u.s. there are several initiatives to reduce ghg emissions at the state, federal and international level. certain northeastern states are participating in the regional greenhouse gas initiative and western states led by california, have implemented programs, primarily cap and trade mechanisms, to control emissions of certain ghgs. additional policies reducing ghg emissions, such as demand reduction programs, renewable portfolio standards and renewable subsidies have been implemented across the nation.
firstenergy has pledged to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 in ghgs within firstenergy's direct operational control (scope 1). with respect to our coal-fired plants in west virginia, we have identified that the end of the useful life date is 2035 for fort martin and 2040 for harrison. determination of the useful life of the regulated coal-fired generation could result in changes in depreciation, and/or continued collection of net plant in rates after retirement, securitization, sale, impairment, or regulatory disallowances. if mp is unable to recover these costs, it could have a material adverse effect on firstenergy's and/or mp's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. furthermore, firstenergy cannot currently estimate the financial impact of climate change policies, although potential legislative or regulatory programs restricting co2 emissions, or litigation alleging damages from ghg emissions, could require material capital and other expenditures or result in changes to its operations.
in december 2009, the epa released its final "endangerment and cause or contribute findings for ghgs under the clean air act," concluding that concentrations of several key ghgs constitute an "endangerment" and may be regulated as "air pollutants" under the caa and mandated measurement and reporting of ghg emissions from certain sources, including electric generating plants. subsequently, the epa released its final cpp regulations in august 2015 to reduce co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus and finalized separate regulations imposing co2 emission limits for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired egus. numerous states and private parties filed appeals and motions to stay the cpp with the d.c. circuit in october 2015. on february 9, 2016, the u.s. supreme court stayed the rule during the pendency of the challenges to the d.c. circuit and u.s. supreme court. on march 28, 2017, an executive order, entitled "promoting energy independence and economic growth," instructed the epa to review the cpp and related rules addressing ghg emissions and suspend, revise or rescind the rules if appropriate. on june 19, 2019, the epa repealed the cpp and replaced it with the ace rule that established guidelines for states to develop standards of performance to address ghg emissions from existing coal-fired generation. on january 19, 2021, the d.c. circuit vacated and remanded the ace rule declaring that the epa was "arbitrary and capricious" in its rule making and, as such, the ace rule is no longer in effect and all actions thus far taken by states to implement the federally mandated rule are now null and void. vacating the ace rule had the unintended effect of reinstating the cpp because the repeal of the cpp was a provision within the ace rule. the d.c. circuit decision was appealed by several states and interested parties, including west virginia, arguing that the epa did not have the authorization under section 111(d) of the caa to require "generation shifting" as a way to limit ghgs. on june 30, 2022, the u.s. supreme court in west virginia v. environmental protection agency held that the method the epa used to regulate ghgs (generation shifting) under section 111(d) of the caa (the cpp) was not authorized by congress and remanded the rule to the epa for further reconsideration. in response, on may 23, 2023, the epa published a proposed rule pursuant to caa section 111 (b) and (d) in line with the decision in west virginia v. environmental protection agency intended to reduce power sector ghg emissions (primarily co2 emissions) from fossil fuel based egus. the rule proposes stringent emissions limitations based on fuel type and unit retirement date. comments on the proposed rule were submitted to the epa on august 8, 2023. depending on how final rules are ultimately implemented and the outcome of any appeals, compliance with these standards could require additional capital expenditures or changes in operation at the ft. martin and harrison power stations.
clean water act various water quality regulations, the majority of which are the result of the federal clean water act and its amendments, apply to firstenergy's facilities. in addition, the states in which firstenergy operates have water quality standards applicable to firstenergy's operations.
on september 30, 2015, the epa finalized new, more stringent effluent limits for the steam electric power generating category (40 cfr part 423) for arsenic, mercury, selenium and nitrogen for wastewater from wet scrubber systems and zero discharge of pollutants in ash transport water. the treatment obligations were to phase-in as permits are renewed on a five-year cycle from 2018 to 2023. however, on april 13, 2017, the epa granted a petition for reconsideration and on september 18, 2017, the epa postponed certain compliance deadlines for two years. on august 31, 2020, the epa issued a final rule revising the effluent limits for discharges from wet scrubber systems, retaining the zero-discharge standard for ash transport water, (with some limited discharge allowances), and extending the deadline for compliance to december 31, 2025 for both. in addition, the epa allows for less stringent limits for sub-categories of generating units based on capacity utilization, flow volume from the scrubber system, and unit retirement date. on march 29, 2023, the epa published proposed revised elgs applicable to coal-fired power plants that include more stringent effluent limitations for wet scrubber systems and ash transport water, and new limits on landfill leachate. public hearings on the proposed rules were held in april 2023 and comments were accepted through may 30, 2023. in the interim, the rule issued on august 31, 2020, remains in effect. depending on the outcome of appeals and how final revised rules are ultimately implemented, compliance with these standards could require additional capital expenditures or changes in operation at the ft. martin and harrison power stations from what was approved by the wvpsc in september 2022 to comply with the 2020 elg rule.
regulation of waste disposal federal and state hazardous waste regulations have been promulgated as a result of the resource conservation and recovery act, as amended, and the toxic substances control act. certain ccrs, such as coal ash, were exempted from hazardous waste disposal requirements pending the epa's evaluation of the need for future regulation.
in april 2015, the epa finalized regulations for the disposal of ccrs (non-hazardous), establishing national standards for landfill design, structural integrity design and assessment criteria for surface impoundments, groundwater monitoring and protection procedures and other operational and reporting procedures to assure the safe disposal of ccrs from electric generating plants. on september 13, 2017, the epa announced that it would reconsider certain provisions of the final regulations. on july 29, 2020, the epa published a final rule again revising the date that certain ccr impoundments must cease accepting waste and initiate closure to april 11, 2021. the final rule allowed for an extension of the closure deadline based on meeting identified site-specific criteria. on november 30, 2020, ae supply submitted a closure deadline extension request to the epa seeking to extend the cease accepting waste date for the mcelroy's run ccr impoundment facility through the end of the first quarter of 2024, which request is pending technical review by the epa. ae supply continues to operate mcelroy's run as a disposal facility for pleasants power station, which is owned and operated by a non-affiliate.
fe or its subsidiaries have been named as potentially responsible parties at waste disposal sites, which may require cleanup under the cercla. allegations of disposal of hazardous substances at historical sites and the liability involved are often unsubstantiated and subject to dispute; however, federal law provides that all potentially responsible parties for a particular site may be liable on a joint and several basis. environmental liabilities that are considered probable have been recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as of september 30, 2023, based on estimates of the total costs of cleanup, firstenergy's proportionate responsibility for such costs and the financial ability of other unaffiliated entities to pay. total liabilities of approximately $97 million have been accrued through december 31, 2023, of which, approximately $75 million are for environmental remediation of former mgp and gas holder facilities in new jersey, which are being recovered by jcp&l through a non-bypassable societal benefits charge. fe or its subsidiaries could be found potentially responsible for additional amounts or additional sites, but the loss or range of losses cannot be determined or reasonably estimated at this time.
on july 21, 2020, a complaint and supporting affidavit containing federal criminal allegations were unsealed against the now former ohio house speaker larry householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with mr. householder. in march 2023, a jury found mr. householder and his co-defendant, matthew borges, guilty and in june 2023, the two were sentenced to prison for 20 and 5 years, respectively. messrs. householder and borges have appealed their sentences. also, on july 21, 2020, and in connection with the doj's investigation, firstenergy received subpoenas for records from the u.s. attorney's office for the southern district ohio. firstenergy was not aware of the criminal allegations, affidavit or subpoenas before july 21, 2020.
on july 21, 2021, fe entered into a three-year dpa with the u.s. attorney's office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves this matter. under the dpa, fe has agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging fe with one count of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud. the dpa requires that firstenergy, among other obligations: (i) continue to cooperate with the u.s. attorney's office in all matters relating to the conduct described in the dpa and other conduct under investigation by the u.s. government; (ii) pay a criminal monetary penalty totaling $230 million within sixty days, which shall consist of (x) $115 million paid by fe to the united states treasury and (y) $115 million paid by fe to the odsa to fund certain assistance programs, as determined by the odsa, for the benefit of low-income ohio electric utility customers; (iii) publish a list of all payments made in 2021 to either 501(c)(4) entities or to entities known by firstenergy to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly, and update the same on a quarterly basis during the term of the dpa; (iv) issue a public statement, as dictated in the dpa, regarding fe's use of 501(c)(4) entities; and (v) continue to implement and review its compliance and ethics program, internal controls, policies and procedures designed, implemented and enforced to prevent and detect violations of the u.s. laws throughout its operations, and to take certain related remedial measures. the $230 million payment will neither be recovered in rates or charged to firstenergy customers nor will firstenergy seek any tax deduction related to such payment. the entire amount of the monetary penalty was recognized as expense in the second quarter of 2021 and paid in the third quarter of 2021. under the terms of the dpa, the criminal information will be dismissed after firstenergy fully complies with its obligations under the dpa.
on august 10, 2020, the sec, through its division of enforcement, issued an order directing an investigation of possible securities laws violations by fe, and on september 1, 2020, issued subpoenas to fe and certain fe officers. on april 28, 2021, july 11, 2022, and may 25, 2023, the sec issued additional subpoenas to fe, with which fe has complied. while no contingency has been reflected in its consolidated financial statements, fe believes that it is probable that it will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of the sec investigation. given the ongoing nature and complexity of the review, inquiries and investigations, fe cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from the resolution of the sec investigation.
on june 29, 2023, the oocic served fe a subpoena, seeking information relating to the conduct described in the dpa. firstenergy was not aware of the oocic's investigation prior to receiving the subpoena and understands that the oocic's investigation is also focused on the conduct described in the dpa. firstenergy is cooperating with the oocic in its investigation. on february 12, 2024, and in connection with the oocic's ongoing investigation, an indictment by a grand jury of summit county, ohio was unsealed against the former chairman of the puco, samuel randazzo, and two former firstenergy senior officers, charles e. jones, and michael j. dowling, charging each of them with several felony counts, including bribery, telecommunications fraud, money laundering and aggravated theft, related to payments described in the dpa. no contingency has been reflected in firstenergy's consolidated financial statements, as a loss is neither probable, nor is a loss or range of loss reasonably estimable.
in addition to the subpoenas referenced above under "-united states v. larry householder, et. al." and the sec investigation, certain fe stockholders and firstenergy customers filed several lawsuits against firstenergy and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, and the complaints in each of these suits is related to allegations in the complaint and supporting affidavit relating to hb 6 and the now former ohio house speaker larry householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with mr. householder. the plaintiffs in each of the below cases seek, among other things, to recover an unspecified amount of damages (unless otherwise noted). unless otherwise indicated, no contingency has been reflected in firstenergy's consolidated financial statements with respect to these lawsuits as a loss is neither probable, nor is a loss or range of a loss reasonably estimable.
•in re firstenergy corp. securities litigation (s.d. ohio); on july 28, 2020 and august 21, 2020, purported stockholders of fe filed putative class action lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws. those actions have been consolidated and a lead plaintiff, the los angeles county employees retirement association, has been appointed by the court. a consolidated complaint was filed on february 26, 2021. the consolidated complaint alleges, on behalf of a proposed class of persons who purchased fe securities between february 21, 2017 and july 21, 2020, that fe and certain current or former fe officers violated sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the exchange act by issuing misrepresentations or omissions concerning fe's business and results of operations. the consolidated complaint also alleges that fe, certain current or former fe officers and directors, and a group of underwriters violated sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the securities act of 1933 as a result of alleged misrepresentations or omissions in connection with offerings of senior notes by fe in february and june 2020. on march 30, 2023, the court granted plaintiffs' motion for class certification. on april 14, 2023, fe filed a petition in the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit seeking to appeal that order, which the sixth circuit granted on november 16, 2023. on november 30, 2023, fe filed a motion with the s.d. ohio to stay all proceedings pending the circuit court appeal. all discovery is stayed during the pendency of the district court motion. fe believes that it is probable that it will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of this lawsuit. given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, fe cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss.
•mfs series trust i, et al. v. firstenergy corp., et al. and brighthouse funds ii - mfs value portfolio, et al. v. firstenergy corp., et al. (s.d. ohio) on december 17, 2021 and february 21, 2022, purported stockholders of fe filed complaints against fe, certain current and former officers, and certain current and former officers of eh. the complaints allege that the defendants violated sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the exchange act by issuing alleged misrepresentations or omissions regarding fe's business and its results of operations, and seek the same relief as the in re firstenergy corp. securities litigation described above. all discovery is stayed during the pendency of the district court motion in in re firstenergy corp. securities litigation described above. fe believes that it is probable that it will incur losses in connection with the resolution of these lawsuits. given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, fe cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss.
•state of ohio ex rel. dave yost, ohio attorney general v. firstenergy corp., et al. and city of cincinnati and city of columbus v. firstenergy corp. (common pleas court, franklin county, oh, all actions have been consolidated); on september 23, 2020 and october 27, 2020, the oag and the cities of cincinnati and columbus, respectively, filed complaints against several parties including fe, each alleging civil violations of the ohio corrupt activity act and related claims in connection with the passage of hb 6. on january 13, 2021, the oag filed a motion for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction against firstenergy seeking to enjoin firstenergy from collecting the ohio companies' decoupling rider. on january 31, 2021, fe reached a partial settlement with the oag and the cities of cincinnati and columbus with respect to the temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction request and related issues. in connection with the partial settlement, the ohio companies filed an application on february 1, 2021, with the puco to set their respective decoupling riders (conservation support rider) to zero. on february 2, 2021, the puco approved the application of the ohio companies setting the rider to zero, and no additional customer bills will include new decoupling rider charges after february 8, 2021. on august 13, 2021, new defendants were added to the complaint, including two former officers of firstenergy. on december 2, 2021, the cities and fe entered a stipulated dismissal with prejudice of the cities' suit. after a stay, pending final resolution of the united states v. larry householder, et al. criminal proceeding described above, the litigation has resumed pursuant to an order, dated march 15, 2023. discovery is ongoing. on july 31, 2023, fe and other defendants filed motions to dismiss in part the oag's section amended complaint, which the oag opposed.
on february 9, 2022, fe, acting through the slc, agreed to a settlement term sheet to resolve the following shareholder derivative lawsuits relating to hb 6 and the now former ohio house speaker larry householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with mr. householder that were filed in the s.d. ohio, the n.d. ohio, and the ohio court of common pleas, summit county:
•gendrich v. anderson, et al. and sloan v. anderson, et al. (common pleas court, summit county, ohio, all actions have been consolidated); on july 26, 2020 and july 31, 2020, respectively, purported stockholders of fe filed shareholder derivative action lawsuits against certain current and former fe directors and officers, alleging, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duty.
•miller v. anderson, et al. (n.d. ohio); bloom, et al. v. anderson, et al.; employees retirement system of the city of st. louis v. jones, et al.; electrical workers pension fund, local 103, i.b.e.w. v. anderson et al.; massachusetts laborers pension fund v. anderson et al.; the city of philadelphia board of pensions and retirement v. anderson et al.; atherton v. dowling et al.; behar v. anderson, et al. (s.d. ohio, all actions have been consolidated); beginning on august 7, 2020, purported stockholders of fe filed shareholder derivative actions alleging the fe board and officers breached their fiduciary duties and committed violations of section 14(a) of the exchange act.
on march 11, 2022, the parties executed a stipulation and agreement of settlement, and filed a motion the same day requesting preliminary settlement approval in the s.d. ohio, which the s.d. ohio granted on may 9, 2022. subsequently, following a hearing on august 4, 2022, the s.d. ohio granted final approval of the settlement on august 23, 2022.
the settlement includes a series of corporate governance enhancements and a payment to fe of $180 million, to be paid by insurance after the judgment has become final, less approximately $36 million in court-ordered attorney's fees awarded to plaintiffs. on september 20, 2022, a purported fe stockholder filed a motion for reconsideration of the s.d. ohio's final settlement approval. the parties filed oppositions to that motion on october 11, 2022, and the s.d. ohio denied that motion on may 22, 2023. on june 15, 2023, the purported fe stockholder filed an appeal in the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit. if the s.d. ohio's final settlement approval is affirmed by the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit, the settlement agreement is expected to resolve fully these shareholder derivative lawsuits.
on june 2, 2022, the n.d. ohio entered an order to show cause why the court should not appoint new plaintiffs' counsel, and thereafter, on june 10, 2022, the parties filed a joint motion to dismiss the matter without prejudice, which the n.d. ohio denied on july 5, 2022. on august 15, 2022, the n.d. ohio issued an order stating its intention to appoint one group of applicants as new plaintiffs' counsel, and on august 22, 2022, the n.d. ohio ordered that any objections to the appointment be submitted by august 26, 2022. the parties filed their objections by that deadline, and on september 2, 2022, the applicants responded to those objections. in the meantime, on august 25, 2022, a purported fe stockholder represented by the applicants filed a motion to intervene, attaching a proposed complaint-in-intervention purporting to assert claims that the fe board and officers breached their fiduciary duties and committed violations of section 14(a) of the exchange act as well as a claim against a third party for professional negligence and malpractice. the parties filed oppositions to that motion to intervene on september 8, 2022, and the proposed intervenor's reply in support of his motion to intervene was filed on september 22, 2022. on august 24, 2022, the parties filed a joint motion to dismiss the action pending in the n.d. ohio based upon and in light of the approval of the settlement by the s.d. ohio. on august 30, 2022, the parties filed a joint motion to dismiss the state court action, which the court granted on september 2, 2022. on september 29, 2023, the n.d. ohio issued a stay of the case pending the appeal in the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit.
in letters dated january 26, and february 22, 2021, staff of ferc's division of investigations notified firstenergy that the division was conducting an investigation of firstenergy's lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning hb 6, and staff directed firstenergy to preserve and maintain all documents and information related to the same as such have been developed as part of an ongoing non-public audit being conducted by ferc's division of audits and accounting. on december 30, 2022, ferc approved a stipulation and consent agreement that resolves the investigation. the agreement includes a firstenergy admission of violating ferc's "duty of candor" rule and related laws, and obligates firstenergy to pay a civil penalty of $3.86 million, and to submit two annual compliance monitoring reports to ferc's office of enforcement regarding improvements to firstenergy's compliance programs. fe paid the civil penalty on january 4, 2023 and it will not be recovered from customers. the first annual compliance monitoring report was submitted in december 2023.
the outcome of any of these lawsuits, governmental investigations and audit is uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on fe's or its subsidiaries' reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
other legal matters there are various lawsuits, claims (including claims for asbestos exposure) and proceedings related to firstenergy's normal business operations pending against fe or its subsidiaries. the loss or range of loss in these matters is not expected to be material to fe or its subsidiaries. the other potentially material items not otherwise discussed above are described under note 13, "regulatory matters."
firstenergy accrues legal liabilities only when it concludes that it is probable that it has an obligation for such costs and can reasonably estimate the amount of such costs. in cases where firstenergy determines that it is not probable, but reasonably possible that it has a material obligation, it discloses such obligations and the possible loss or range of loss if such estimate can be made. if it were ultimately determined that fe or its subsidiaries have legal liability or are otherwise made subject to liability based on any of the matters referenced above, it could have a material adverse effect on fe's or its subsidiaries' financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
critical accounting policies and estimates firstenergy prepares consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. application of these principles often requires a high degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions that affect financial results. firstenergy's accounting policies require significant judgment regarding estimates and assumptions underlying the amounts included in the financial statements. additional information regarding the application of accounting policies is included in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
loss contingencies firstenergy is involved in a number of investigations, litigation, regulatory audits, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings, including those surrounding hb 6. firstenergy regularly assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with asserted or potential matters and establishes reserves when appropriate. in the preparation of the financial statements, firstenergy makes judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events based on currently available information and accrues liabilities when it concludes that it is probable that it has an obligation for such costs and can reasonably estimate the amount of such costs. in cases where firstenergy determines that it is not probable, but reasonably possible that it has a material obligation, it discloses such obligations and the possible loss or range of loss if such estimate can be made. circumstances change over time and actual results may vary significantly from estimates. see note 13, "regulatory matters" and note 14, "commitments, guarantees and contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
revenue recognition the accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative guidance. firstenergy accounts for revenues from contracts with customers under asc 606, "revenue from contracts with customers." revenue from financial instruments, derivatives, late payment charges and other contractual rights or obligations and other revenues that are not from contracts with customers are outside the scope of the standard and accounted for under other existing gaap guidance.
contracts with customers firstenergy follows the accrual method of accounting for revenues, recognizing revenue for electricity that has been delivered to customers but not yet billed through the end of the accounting period. the determination of regulated distribution segment electricity sales to individual customers is based on meter readings, which occur on a systematic basis throughout the month. at the end of each month, electricity delivered to customers since the last meter reading is estimated and a corresponding accrual for unbilled sales is recognized. the determination of unbilled sales and revenues requires management to make estimates regarding electricity available for retail load, transmission and distribution line losses, demand by customer class, applicable billing demands, weather-related impacts, number of days unbilled and tariff rates in effect within each customer class.
regulated transmission segment revenues are primarily derived from forward-looking formula rates. forward-looking formula rates recover costs that the regulatory agencies determine are permitted to be recovered and provide a return on transmission capital investment. under forward-looking formula rates, the revenue requirement is updated annually based on a projected rate base and projected costs, which is subject to an annual true-up based on actual rate base and costs. revenues and cash receipts for the stand-ready obligation of providing transmission service are recognized ratably over time.
firstenergy has elected the optional invoice practical expedient for most of its revenues and utilizes the optional short-term contract exemption for transmission revenues due to the annual establishment of revenue requirements, which eliminates the need to provide certain revenue disclosures regarding unsatisfied performance obligations. see note 2, "revenue," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory accounting firstenergy's regulated distribution and regulated transmission segments are subject to regulation that sets the prices (rates) the utilities and the transmission companies are permitted to charge customers based on costs that the regulatory agencies determine are permitted to be recovered. at times, regulatory agencies permit the future recovery of costs that would be currently charged to expense by an unregulated company. the ratemaking process results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on anticipated future cash inflows and outflows.
firstenergy reviews the probability of recovery of regulatory assets, and settlement of regulatory liabilities, at each balance sheet date and whenever new events occur. factors that may affect probability include changes in the regulatory environment, issuance of a regulatory commission order, or passage of new legislation. upon material changes to these factors, where applicable, firstenergy will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered or settled in future rates. if recovery of a regulatory asset is no longer probable, firstenergy will write off that regulatory asset as a charge against earnings. firstenergy considers the entire regulatory asset balance as the unit of account for the purposes of balance sheet classification rather than the next year's recovery and as such net regulatory assets and liabilities are presented in the non-current section on the firstenergy consolidated balance sheets. see note 13, "regulatory matters," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
pension and opeb accounting firstenergy provides noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans that cover substantially all of its employees and non-qualified pension plans that cover certain employees. firstenergy provides a modest amount of noncontributory life insurance to retired employees in addition to optional contributory insurance. health care benefits, which include certain employee contributions, deductibles and co-payments, are also available upon retirement to certain employees, their dependents and, under certain circumstances, their survivors. firstenergy also has obligations to former or inactive employees after employment, but before retirement, for disability-related benefits.
firstenergy pension and opeb obligations are based on various assumptions in calculating these amounts. these assumptions include discount rates, health care cost trend rates, expected return on plan assets, compensation increases, retirement rates, mortality rates, among others. actual results that differ from the assumptions and changes in assumptions are recognized as a pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustment in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for remeasurement and affect obligations.
discount rate - in selecting an assumed discount rate, firstenergy considers currently available rates of return on high-quality fixed income investments expected to be available during the period to maturity of the pension and opeb obligations. firstenergy utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of the service and interest components of net periodic benefit costs for pension and other postretirement benefits by applying specific spot rates along the full yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows.
expected return on plan assets - the expected return on pension and opeb assets is based on input from investment consultants, including the trusts' asset allocation targets, the historical performance of risk-based and fixed income securities and other factors. the gains or losses generated as a result of the difference between expected and actual returns on plan assets is recognized as a pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustment in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for remeasurement. the expected return on pension and opeb assets for 2024 is 8.0% and 7.0%, respectively.
mortality rates - the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. the pri-2012 mortality table with projection scale mp-2021, actuarially adjusted to reflect increased mortality due to the ongoing impact of covid-19 was utilized to determine the 2024 benefit cost and obligation as of december 31, 2023, for firstenergy's pension and opeb plans. the mp-2021 scale was published in 2021 by the society of actuaries.
health care trend rates - included in determining trend rate assumptions are the specific provisions of firstenergy's health care plans, the demographics and utilization rates of plan participants, actual cost increases experienced in firstenergy's health care plans, and projections of future medical trend rates.
net periodic benefit costs (credits) - in addition to service costs, interest on obligations, expected return on plan assets, and prior service costs, firstenergy recognizes in net periodic benefit costs a pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustment for the change in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement.
the following table reflects the pre-tax portion of pension and opeb costs that were charged (credited) to expense, including pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustments and special termination benefits, in the three years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021:
net periodic benefit costs (credits)         2023                  2022                    2021
the annual pre-tax pension and opeb mark-to-market adjustments, (gains) or losses, for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were $78 million, $(72) million and $(382) million, respectively.
firstenergy expects its 2024 pre-tax net periodic benefit credit including amounts capitalized (excluding mark-to-market adjustments) to be approximately $3 million based upon the following assumptions:
assumption                                                             pension                 opeb effective rate for interest on benefit obligations                   4.92    %             4.88   %
effective rate for service costs                                     5.17    %             5.23   %
effective rate for interest on service costs                         5.05    %             5.16   %
rate of compensation increase                                        4.30    %                  n/a the approximate effects on 2024 pension and opeb net periodic benefit costs and the 2023 benefit obligation from changes in key assumptions are as follows:
approximate effect on 2024 net periodic benefit costs from changes in key assumptions assumption                             change                     pension                      opeb                  total
discount rate                          change by 0.25%(1)         $230                       $9                   $239
expected return on plan assets         change by 0.25%            $17                        $1                    $18
health care trend rate                 change by 1.0%             n/a                        $6                     $6
approximate effect on december 31, 2023 benefit obligation from changes in key assumptions assumption                    change                     pension                 opeb                 total
discount rate                 change by 0.25%(1)         $233                    $9                   $242
health care trend rate        change by 1.0%             n/a                     $11                  $11
see note 5, "pension and other postemployment benefits," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income taxes judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes, reserve amounts for uncertain tax positions, and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities such as the interpretation of tax laws and associated regulations. firstenergy is required to make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various transactions and results of operations in order to estimate its obligations to taxing authorities.
accounting for tax obligations requires judgments, including assessing whether tax benefits are more likely than not to be sustained, and estimating reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. firstenergy records income taxes in accordance with the liability method of accounting. deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts recognized for tax purposes. investment tax credits, which were deferred when utilized, are being amortized over the recovery period of the related property. deferred income tax liabilities related to temporary tax and accounting basis differences and tax credit carryforward items are recognized at the statutory income tax rates in effect when the liabilities are expected to be paid. deferred tax assets are recognized based on income tax rates expected to be in effect when they are settled.
firstenergy accounts for uncertainty in income taxes in its financial statements using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, a more-likely-than-not recognition criterion and a measurement attribute that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being ultimately realized upon settlement. if it is not more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit will be recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. firstenergy recognizes interest expense or income related to uncertain tax positions by applying the applicable statutory interest rate to the difference between the tax position recognized and the amount previously taken, or expected to be taken, on the tax return.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including future changes in income tax laws, or new regulations or guidance, forecasted results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities.
see note 7, "taxes," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1, "organization and basis of presentation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.