the company is subject to numerous global privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws, which are continuing to change in ways that impose increasingly complex and costly compliance obligations on fis and that have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant impact on fis' operations. failure to comply with new and evolving laws in these areas could result in significant penalties, damage to our brand, and loss of business. fis has incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to comply with these new laws. there are also several additional laws being considered by state legislatures, the u.s. congress, and governments around the world. as a result, a more substantial compliance effort with varying regimes in different jurisdictions is expected to continue in the future, which has the potential to further increase the costs and complexities of fis' business. moreover, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and impose inconsistent or conflicting requirements. complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance and associated recordkeeping costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business and to incur additional costs. data localization requirements in evolving privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws could also increase the cost and alter the approach to housing data around the world. in addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to digital transformation, surveillance, cyber resilience, encryption, and data onshoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. in particular, u.k. and european regulators are increasingly seeking to mitigate cyber threats and enhance digital resilience within the financial system through new regulations targeting the provision of critical third-party technology services. compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our technology for information security, operational infrastructure, policies, and procedures, which could be time-consuming and costly and may result in additional regulatory burdens for the company. furthermore, compliance with these laws and regulations may indirectly impact the company in circumstances where it acts as a third-party service provider to clients, who are themselves subject to these laws and regulations, and will expect the company to take appropriate steps to support them in achieving compliance.