item 1a - risk factors an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. you should consider carefully the following risks and other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and other sec filings before you decide whether to buy our common stock. the risks identified below are not all encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of our future operations. if any of the events or conditions contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and/or cash flows could suffer significantly.
risks factors summary the following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and/or cash flows.
risks related to our business model and operations
•our inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity threats or other technological risks could adversely affect our ability to deliver our services; damage our reputation among our customers, card issuers, financial institutions, card networks, partners and cardholders; adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship; and expose us to penalties, fines, liabilities, legal claims and defense costs.
•software and hardware defects, failures, undetected errors, and development delays could affect our ability to deliver our services, damage customer relations, expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
•our systems or our third-party providers' systems may fail, which could interrupt our service, cause us to lose business, increase our costs and expose us to liability.
•the payments technology industry is highly competitive and highly innovative, and some of our competitors have greater financial and operational resources than we do, which may give them an advantage with respect to the pricing of services offered to customers and the ability to develop new and disruptive technologies.
•in order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace.
•our revenues from the sale of services to merchants that accept visa and mastercard are dependent upon our continued visa and mastercard registrations, financial institution sponsorship and, in some cases, continued membership in certain card networks.
•we rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. if we are unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business may be adversely affected.
•increased merchant, referral partner, iso or payment facilitator attrition could cause our financial results to decline.
•our future growth depends in part on the continued expansion within markets in which we already operate, the emergence of new markets, and the continued availability of alliance relationships and strategic acquisition opportunities.
•there may be a decline in the use of cards and other digital payments as a payment mechanism for consumers or other adverse developments with respect to the card industry in general.
•consolidation among financial institutions or among retail customers, including the merger of our customers with entities that are not our customers or the sale of portfolios by our customers to entities that are not our customers, could affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•if we do not renew or renegotiate our agreements on favorable terms with our customers within the issuer solutions segment, our business will suffer. the timing of the conversions or deconversions of card portfolios could also affect our revenues and expenses.
•we incur chargeback losses when our merchants refuse or cannot reimburse us for chargebacks resolved in favor of their customers. any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•fraud by merchants or others and losses from overdrawn cardholder accounts could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•increases in card network fees may result in the loss of customers and/or a reduction in our earnings.
•the integration and conversion of our acquired operations or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies of operating these businesses as one are not achieved, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process, and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process.
•our inability to complete certain divestitures or the effects of divesting a business could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
legal, regulatory compliance and tax risks
•our business is subject to government regulation and oversight. any new implementation of or changes made to laws, regulations or other industry standards affecting our business in any of the geographic regions in which we operate may require significant development and compliance efforts or have an unfavorable effect on our ability to continue to offer certain services, or on our financial results and our cash flows.
•new or revised tax regulations, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or changes to enacted tax rates could adversely affect our tax expense.
•our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk.
financial risks
•we are subject to risks associated with changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and we may not effectively hedge against these risks.
•a downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets and increase our interest costs.
•failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act could have a material adverse effect on our business.
intellectual property risks
•we may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.
risks related to our capital structure
•our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect us and limit our business flexibility.
•we may not be able to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs.
•our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets. the impairment of a portion of these assets could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to general economic conditions
•we are subject to economic and geopolitical risk, health and social events or conditions, the business cycles and credit risk of our customers and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
general risk factors
•if we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and hire additional qualified personnel as we grow, our business could be adversely affected.
•the costs and effects of pending and future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our business model and operations our inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity threats or other technological risks could adversely affect our ability to deliver our services; damage our reputation among our customers, card issuers, financial institutions, card networks, partners and cardholders; adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship; and expose us to penalties, fines, liabilities, legal claims and defense costs.
in order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business and personal information, which may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. some of this information is also processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, such as independent consultants and auditors, which we refer to collectively as our associated third parties. we may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions, regulators, and in some instances, our merchants, isos and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties (as applicable) to protect this information.
we are a regular target of malicious third-party attempts to identify and exploit system vulnerabilities, and/or penetrate or bypass our security measures, in order to gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems or those of our associated third parties. such attempts at unauthorized access can lead, and occasionally have led, to the compromise of sensitive, business, personal or confidential information. to mitigate these risks, we follow a defense-in-depth model for cybersecurity, meaning we proactively seek to employ multiple methods at different layers to defend our systems against intrusion and attack and to protect the data we possess. we have adopted policies and procedures, involving an incident response plan and both the board of directors and management oversight of cybersecurity risks, that we believe are designed to facilitate the identification, assessment and management of those risks including any risks that have the potential to be material. our information security program establishes technical, physical and administrative controls to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information and technical assets. however, we cannot provide any assurance that these cybersecurity risk management processes will be fully complied with or effective and we cannot be certain that these measures or other will always be successful or will always be sufficient to counter, or to rapidly detect, contain, and remediate, all current and emerging technology threats.
more particularly, our computer systems and/or our associated third parties' computer systems have been, and we expect will continue to be, targeted for penetration on a regular basis, and our data protection measures may not prevent unauthorized access. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are often difficult to detect and continually evolve and become more sophisticated. threats to our systems and our associated third parties' systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, including state-sponsored organizations with significant financial and technological resources. in addition, we have experienced and may continue to experience errors, interruptions or delays from computer viruses and other malware or vulnerabilities that could infect our systems or those of our associated third parties. denial of service, ransomware or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. our defensive measures may not prevent downtime, unauthorized access or use of sensitive data. we have experienced such incidents in the past, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to anticipate or detect all attacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures in the future. while we maintain first- and third-party insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. companies we acquire may require implementation of additional cyber defense methods to align with our standards and, as a result, there may be a period of heightened risk between the acquisition date and the completion of such implementation. furthermore, certain of our third-party relationships are subject to our vendor management program and are governed by written contracts. we believe we have designed our risk identification, assessment, and management processes and procedures to account for cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers; however, we do not control the actions of our associated third parties, and any problems experienced by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in the services provided by such parties or cyberattacks, targeted attacks against our employees and associated third parties and security breaches, could adversely affect our ability to service our customers or otherwise conduct our business.
in addition, we impose contractual requirements on our counterparties, including vendors and other third parties, related to the use and security of personal data and other confidential information, along with compliance with applicable privacy and security laws. we cannot provide any assurance that these contractual requirements related to those who have access to this data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the misuse of this data. we have occasionally received notifications from vendors and other third parties regarding the exposure of or unauthorized access to our data stored on their information systems, and any future misuse or compromise of personal information stored on those systems, or any other failure by a vendor or other third party to abide by our contractual requirements, could expose us to regulatory fines, third-party liability, protracted and costly litigation and, with respect to misuse of the personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm.
any type of security breach, attack or misuse of data described above or otherwise, whether experienced by us or an associated vendor or other third party, could harm our reputation; deter existing and prospective customers from using our services or from making digital payments generally; increase our operating expenses in order to contain and remediate the incident; expose us to unanticipated or uninsured liability; disrupt our operations (including potential service interruptions); distract our management; increase our risk of litigation or regulatory scrutiny; result in the imposition of penalties and fines under state, federal and foreign laws or by the card networks; and adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship. removal from the networks' lists of payment card industry data security standard compliant service providers could mean that existing customers, sales partners or other third parties could cease using or referring others to our services. also, prospective merchant customers, financial institutions, sales partners or other third parties could choose to terminate negotiations with us, or delay or choose not to consider us for their processing needs. in addition, the card networks could refuse to allow us to process through their networks. any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation.
software and hardware defects, failures, undetected errors, and development delays could affect our ability to deliver our services, damage customer relations, expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our core services are based on software and computing systems that may encounter development delays, and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses, defects or vulnerabilities. the hardware infrastructure on which our systems run may have a faulty component or fail. defects in our software services, underlying hardware, or errors or delays in our processing of digital transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, and could result in loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability claims.
in instances in which we rely on third-party software, our services are occasionally affected by defects, viruses, vulnerabilities, security incidents or other failures that take place at the vendor level. depending on the circumstances, a vendor failure could cause delays, disruption or data loss or damage, and therefore cause harm to our credibility, reputation or financial condition. in addition, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur.
our systems or our third-party providers' systems may fail, which could interrupt our service, cause us to lose business, increase our costs and expose us to liability.
we depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems, software, data centers and telecommunications networks, as well as the systems and services of third parties. a system outage or data loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. not only could we suffer damage to our reputation in the event of a system outage or data loss, but we could also be liable to third parties. many of our contractual agreements with financial institutions and certain other customers require the payment of penalties if we do not meet certain operating standards. our systems and operations or those of our third-party providers could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire; climate-related events, including extreme weather events; natural disasters; pandemics; power loss; telecommunications failure; terrorist acts; war; unauthorized entry; malicious attack; human error; hardware failure; and computer viruses or other defects. we have been and continue to be exposed to defects in our systems or those of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment transactions, telecommunications failures, or other difficulties (including those related to system relocation), which could result in loss of revenues, loss of customers, loss of merchant and cardholder data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities, negative publicity, additional operating and development costs, litigation expenses, fines and other sanctions imposed by card networks or regulators, and/or diversion of technical and other resources. there is also a risk that third-party suppliers of hardware and infrastructure required to support our employee productivity or our suppliers could be affected by supply chain disruptions, such as manufacturing and shipping delays. an extended supply chain disruption could also affect the delivery of our services.
the payments technology industry is highly competitive and highly innovative, and some of our competitors have greater financial and operational resources than we do, which may give them an advantage with respect to the pricing of services offered to customers and the ability to develop new and disruptive technologies.
we operate in the payments technology industry, which is highly competitive and highly innovative. in this industry, our primary competitors include other independent payment processors, credit card processing firms, third-party card processing software institutions, as well as financial institutions, isos, payment facilitators, prepaid programs managers and, potentially, card networks. some of our current and potential competitors may be larger than we are and have greater financial and operational resources or brand recognition than we have. our competitors that are financial institutions or subsidiaries of financial institutions do not incur the costs associated with being sponsored by a direct member for participation in the card networks, as we do in certain jurisdictions, and may be able to settle transactions more quickly for merchants than we can. these financial institutions may also provide payment processing services to merchants at lower margins or at a loss in order to generate banking fees from the merchants. it is also possible that larger financial institutions, including some who are customers of ours, could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. these attributes may provide them with a competitive advantage in the market.
furthermore, we are facing increasing competition from nontraditional competitors, including new entrant technology companies, who offer certain innovations in payment methods. some of these competitors utilize proprietary software and service solutions. some of these nontraditional competitors have significant financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. in addition, some nontraditional competitors, such as private companies or startup companies, may be less risk averse than we are and, therefore, may be able to respond more quickly to market demands. these competitors may compete in ways that minimize or remove the role of traditional card networks, acquirers, issuers and processors in the digital payments process. if these nontraditional competitors gain a greater share of total digital payments transactions, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace.
the payments technology industry in which we compete is characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. in order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, products, mobile payment applications, ecommerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry. these projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems, which could in turn lead to impairment of long-lived assets associated with projects. in the payments technology markets, these risks are even more acute. any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete. furthermore, as the market for alternative payment processing services evolves, it may develop too rapidly or not rapidly enough for us to recover the costs we have incurred in developing new services targeted at this market.
in addition, certain of the services we deliver to the payments technology market are designed to process very complex transactions and deliver reports and other information on those transactions, all at very high volumes and processing speeds. any failure to deliver an effective, accurate, compliant and secure product or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. we rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. if development efforts are required or if promised new services are not delivered timely to our customers or do not perform as anticipated, we could incur higher costs, a loss of revenues and lower earnings and cash flows.
our revenues from the sale of services to merchants that accept visa and mastercard are dependent upon our continued visa and mastercard registrations, financial institution sponsorship and, in some cases, continued membership in certain card networks.
in order to provide our visa and mastercard transaction processing services, we must be either a direct member or registered as a merchant processor or service provider of visa and mastercard, respectively. registration as a merchant processor or service provider is dependent upon our being sponsored by members of each organization in certain jurisdictions. if our sponsor financial institution in any market should stop providing sponsorship for us, we would need to find another financial institution to provide those services or we would need to attain direct membership with the card networks, either of which could prove to be difficult and expensive. relatedly, transitioning to a new sponsor financial institution requires technical development work, which takes time. if we were unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide sponsorship or attain direct membership or unable to transition to a new sponsor financial institution in a timely manner, we may no longer be able to provide processing services to affected customers and potential customers in that market, which would negatively affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. furthermore, some agreements with our financial institution sponsors give them substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices, including our solicitation, application and qualification procedures for merchants and the terms of our agreements with merchants. our sponsors' discretionary actions under these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in connection with direct membership, the rules and regulations of various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. any increase in the capital level required would limit our use of capital for other purposes.
the termination of our registration, or any changes in the rules of visa or mastercard or any other network that would impair our registration or prevent us from providing services to our customers, could require us to stop providing payment processing services or prevent us from successfully submitting transactions to such network, which would make it impossible for us to conduct our business on its current scale. the rules of the card networks may be influenced by card issuers, and some of those issuers also provide acquiring services and may be our competitors. if we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the card networks, the card networks could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations or membership. the termination of our registrations or our membership or our status as a service provider or a merchant processor, or any changes in card association or other network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. if a merchant fails to comply with the applicable requirements of the card associations and networks, we, the merchant or, in some cases the iso, could be subject to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks. if we cannot collect or pursue collection of such amounts from the applicable merchant or, in some cases the iso, we may have to bear the cost of such fines or penalties, resulting in lower earnings for us.
we rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. if we are unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business may be adversely affected.
we rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. if such financial institutions should stop providing clearing services, we would have to find other financial institutions to provide those services. if we were unable to find a replacement financial institution we may no longer be able to provide processing services to certain customers, which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
increased merchant, referral partner, iso or payment facilitator attrition could cause our financial results to decline.
we experience attrition in merchant credit and debit card processing volume resulting from several factors, including merchant closures, loss of merchant accounts to our competitors, unsuccessful contract renewal negotiations and account closures that we initiate for various reasons, such as heightened credit risks or contract breaches by merchants. our referral partners are a significant source of new business. if a referral partner switches to another transaction processor, terminates our services, internalizes payment processing functions that we perform, merges with or is acquired by one of our competitors, or shuts down or becomes insolvent, we may no longer receive new merchant referrals from such referral partner, and we risk losing existing merchants that were originally enrolled by the referral partner. we cannot predict the level of attrition in the future and it could increase. higher than expected attrition could negatively affect our results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our future growth depends in part on the continued expansion within markets in which we already operate, the emergence of new markets, and the continued availability of alliance relationships and strategic acquisition opportunities.
our future growth and profitability depend upon our continued expansion within the markets in which we currently operate, the further expansion of these markets, the emergence of other markets for payment technology and software solutions and our ability to penetrate these markets. as part of our strategy to achieve this expansion, we look for acquisition opportunities, investments and alliance relationships with other businesses, including referral partners, isos and other financial institutions, that will allow us to increase our market penetration, technological capabilities, product offerings and distribution capabilities. we may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition, investment and alliance candidates in the future, and if we do, they may not provide us with the value and benefits we anticipate, which may inhibit our growth prospects and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our expansion into new markets is also dependent upon our ability to apply our existing technology or to develop new applications to meet the particular service needs of each new market. we may not have adequate financial or technological resources to develop effective and secure services and distribution channels that will satisfy the demands of these new markets. if we fail to expand into new and existing markets for payment technology and software solutions, we may not be able to continue to grow our revenues and earnings.
our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by a variety of factors including adverse financial conditions, trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments. a number of countries, including the u.s. and countries in europe and the asia-pacific region, are considering or have adopted restrictions on foreign investments. governments may continue to adopt or tighten economic sanctions, tariffs or trade restrictions of this nature, and such restrictions could negatively affect our business and financial results.
furthermore, our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage our expanded business, which could pose substantial challenges for our management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated costs and complexity. we may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities if we become a larger business.
there may be a decline in the use of cards and other digital payments as a payment mechanism for consumers or other adverse developments with respect to the card industry in general.
if consumers do not continue to use credit, debit or other digital payment methods of the type we process as a payment mechanism for their transactions or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, checks, credit cards and debit cards, that is adverse to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. consumer credit risk may make it more difficult or expensive for consumers to gain access to credit facilities such as credit cards. regulatory changes may result in financial institutions seeking to charge their customers additional fees for use of credit or debit cards. such fees may result in decreased use of credit or debit cards by cardholders. in each case, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
consolidation among financial institutions or among retail customers, including the merger of our customers with entities that are not our customers or the sale of portfolios by our customers to entities that are not our customers, could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
consolidation among financial institutions, particularly in the area of credit card operations, and consolidation in the retail industry, is a risk that could negatively affect our existing customer agreements and future revenues. in addition, consolidation among financial institutions has led to an increasingly concentrated customer base, which results in a changing mix toward larger customers. continued consolidation among financial institutions could increase the bargaining power of our current and future customers and further increase our customer concentration. consolidation among financial institutions and retail customers and the resulting loss of any significant number of customers by us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if we do not renew or renegotiate our agreements on favorable terms with our customers within the issuer solutions segment, our business will suffer. the timing of the conversions or deconversions of card portfolios could also affect our revenues and expenses.
a significant amount of our issuer solutions segment revenues is derived from long-term contracts with large financial institutions and other financial service providers. the financial position of these customers and their willingness to pay for our services are affected by general market conditions, competitive pressures and operating margins within their industries. when our long-term contracts near expiration, the renewal or renegotiation of the contract presents our customers with the opportunity to consider other providers, transition all or a portion of the services we provide in-house or seek lower rates for our services. additionally, as we modernize the technology platform we use to deliver services, some issuer solutions customers may not be agreeable to our modernization effort and may choose to end their contracts prematurely, or not renew their contracts as a result. the loss of our contracts with existing customers or renegotiation of contracts at reduced rates or with fewer services could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the timing of the conversion of card portfolios of new payment processing customers to our processing systems and the deconversion of existing customers to other systems could affect our revenues and expenses. due to a variety of factors, conversions and deconversions may not occur as scheduled, and this may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we incur chargeback losses when our merchants refuse or cannot reimburse us for chargebacks resolved in favor of their customers. any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the event a dispute between a cardholder and a merchant is not resolved in favor of the merchant, the transaction is normally charged back to the merchant and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. if we are unable to collect such amounts from the merchant's account or reserve account (if applicable), or if the merchant refuses or is unable, due to closure, bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse us for a chargeback, we may bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. the risk of chargebacks is typically greater with those merchants that promise future delivery of goods and services rather than delivering goods or rendering services at the time of payment. we may experience significant losses from chargebacks in the future. any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we have policies to manage merchant-related credit risk and attempt to mitigate such risk by requiring collateral and monitoring transaction activity. notwithstanding our programs and policies for managing credit risk, it is possible that a default on such obligations by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business.
fraud by merchants or others and losses from overdrawn cardholder accounts could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we have potential liability for fraudulent digital payment transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others. criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback losses or cause us to incur other liabilities. it is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. increases in chargebacks or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect management's estimates and assumptions related to allowances for transaction and credit losses utilizing the most currently available information. actual losses could differ materially from those estimates.
increases in card network fees may result in the loss of customers and/or a reduction in our earnings.
from time-to-time, the card networks, including visa and mastercard, increase the fees that they charge processors. we often pass these increases along to our merchant customers; however, if merchants do not accept these increases, this strategy might result in the loss of customers to our competitors, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. if competitive practices prevent us from passing along the higher fees to our merchant customers in the future, we may have to absorb all or a portion of such increases, thereby reducing our earnings.
the integration and conversion of our acquired operations or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies of operating these businesses as one are not achieved, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process, and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process.
the acquisition, integration, and conversion of businesses and the formation or operation of alliances or joint ventures and other partnering arrangements involve a number of risks. core risks are in the area of valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on sometimes limited diligence) and integration and conversion (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, services, information security and technology and other assets to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition). in addition, international acquisitions and alliances often involve additional or increased risks, including, for example: managing geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities; integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; complying with foreign regulatory requirements; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, regulatory licensure, customer acceptance and business knowledge of those new markets; and general economic and political conditions.
if the integration and conversion process does not proceed smoothly, the following factors, among others, could reduce our revenues and earnings, increase our operating costs, and result in us not achieving projected synergies:
•if we are unable to successfully integrate the benefits plans, duties and responsibilities, and other factors of interest to the management and employees of the acquired business, we could lose employees to our competitors in the region, which could significantly affect our ability to operate the business and complete the integration;
•if the integration process causes any delays with the delivery of our services, or the quality of those services, we could lose customers to our competitors;
•the acquisition may otherwise cause disruption to the acquired company's business and operations and relationships with financial institution sponsors, customers, merchants, employees and other partners;
•the acquisition and the related integration could divert the attention of our management from other strategic matters including possible acquisitions and alliances, planning for new product development or expansion into new markets for payments technology and software solutions; and
•the costs related to the integration of the acquired company's business and operations into ours may be greater than anticipated.
our inability to complete certain divestitures or the effects of divesting a business could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
from time-to-time, we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives.
we may not be able to complete desired divestitures on terms favorable to us. losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses could negatively affect our profitability and margins. moreover, we have incurred and in the future may incur asset impairment charges related to potential divestitures that reduce our profitability.
our divestiture activities may also present financial, managerial, and operational risks. those risks include diversion of management attention from our other businesses, difficulties separating personnel and systems, possible need for providing transition services to buyers, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers. any of these factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
legal, regulatory compliance and tax risks our business is subject to government regulation and oversight. any new implementation of or changes made to laws, regulations or other industry standards affecting our business in any of the geographic regions in which we operate may require significant development and compliance efforts or have an unfavorable effect on our ability to continue to offer certain services, or on our financial results and our cash flows.
as a payments technology company, our business is affected by laws and complex regulations and examinations that affect us and our industry in the countries in which we operate. regulation and proposed regulation of the payments industry have continued to increase significantly in recent years. failure to comply with regulations or guidelines may result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration, the limitation, suspension or termination of service, and the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines, or may cause customers or potential customers to be reluctant to do business with us, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
interchange fees are subject to intense legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny worldwide. for instance, the dodd-frank act restricts the amounts of debit card fees that certain issuing institutions can charge merchants and allows merchants to set minimum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards and to offer discounts for different payment methods. these types of restrictions could negatively affect the number of debit transactions, which would adversely affect our business. the dodd-frank act also created the cfpb, which has responsibility for enforcing federal consumer protection laws, and the financial stability oversight council, which has the authority to determine whether any nonbank financial company, like us, should be supervised by the board of governors of the federal reserve on the ground that it is "systemically important" to the u.s. financial system. any such designation would result in increased regulatory burdens on our business, which increases our risk profile and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
because we directly or indirectly offer or provide financial services to consumers, we are subject to prohibitions against unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices under the dodd-frank act. more generally, all persons engaged in commerce, including, but not limited to, us and our merchant and financial institution customers, are subject to section 5 of the ftc act prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices ("udap"). we also have businesses that are subject to credit reporting and debt collection laws and regulations in the u.s. various federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies, including the ftc, the cfpb and the states' attorneys general, may seek to take action against nonbanks that engage in udap or violate other laws, rules or regulations and, to the extent we are in violation of these laws, rules or regulations or are processing payments for a merchant that may be in violation of these laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities.
we are also subject to examination by the ffiec as a result of our provision of data processing services to financial institutions. as the regulatory environment remains unpredictable and subject to rapid change, new obligations could increase the cost and complexity of compliance. evolving regulations also increase the risk of investigations, fines, nonmonetary penalties and litigation. because of our services in relation to the banking industry, much of our business is obligated, either under law or via contracts with our customers, to comply with anti-money laundering regulations. noncompliance with these regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties or damages from private causes of action. the effect of the regulations could be detrimental to our financial condition.
in addition, we and our sponsor financial institutions are subject to the laws and regulations enforced by the office of foreign assets control, which prohibit u.s. persons from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited persons or entities. similar requirements apply in other countries. furthermore, certain of our businesses are regulated as money transmitters or otherwise require licensing in one or more states or jurisdictions, subjecting us to various licensing, supervisory and other requirements.
continuing developments in privacy and data protection regulation globally, combined with the rapid pace of technology innovation, have created risks and operational challenges for many of our business activities as described in "item 1 - business." it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data privacy practices or operations model, which could result in potential liability for fines, damages or a need to incur substantial costs to modify our operations. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and time consuming, adding a layer of complexity to business practices and innovation. as with other regulatory schemes, our failure to comply could result in public or private enforcement action and accompanying litigation costs, losses, fines and penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, u.s. banking agencies and the sec have adopted or proposed enhanced cyber risk management standards that could apply to us and our financial institution clients and that would address cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience and situational awareness. several states and foreign countries also have adopted or proposed new privacy and cybersecurity laws targeting these issues. legislation and regulations on cybersecurity, data privacy and data localization may compel us to enhance or modify our systems, invest in new systems or alter our business practices or our policies on data governance and privacy. if any of these outcomes were to occur, our operational costs could increase significantly.
the rise in the use of generative artificial intelligence has dramatically altered the corporate landscape. incorporating artificial intelligence, including machine learning technologies, into our businesses presents numerous risks and uncertainties. furthermore, the global regulatory framework has not kept pace with the rapid developments in the generative artificial intelligence technology field, creating uncertainties regarding compliance with upcoming laws and regulations. beyond legal considerations in the development and deployment of these models there exists an ethical consideration given the potential risk of generating misleading or harmful content. the unpredictable nature of outputs further amplifies this risk, potentially leading to unintended consequences and biases. additionally, the absence of clear requirements pertaining to explainability and the data used to train these models, introduces the risk of intellectual property disputes, including the inability to protect or potential infringement claims regarding the artificially generated content. we are exploring opportunities to expand our portfolio with artificial intelligence capabilities to strengthen our market position, amplify our teams' capabilities, and enhance our customers'
experiences. if we are unsuccessful in doing so, we may have a competitive disadvantage in developing new products and operating our business and our customers may prefer different solutions.
changes to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof, even if not directed at us, may require significant efforts to change our systems and services and may require changes to how we price our services to customers, adversely affecting our business. even an inadvertent failure to comply with laws and regulations, as well as rapidly evolving social expectations of corporate fairness, could damage our business or our reputation. as varying or conflicting regulations come into existence across the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may have difficulty aligning our operations to comply with all applicable laws.
new or revised tax regulations, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or changes to enacted tax rates could adversely affect our tax expense.
changes in tax laws or their interpretations could result in changes to enacted tax rates and may require complex computations to be performed that were not previously required, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the new or revised tax regulations and significant estimates in calculations, as well as the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. future changes in enacted tax rates could negatively affect our results of operations.
in december 2022, the eu member states formally adopted the eu's pillar two directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the organization for economic co-operation and development pillar two framework. the eu effective dates are january 1, 2024, and january 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. a significant number of other countries are expected to implement similar legislation with varying effective dates in the future. we are continuing to evaluate the potential effect on future periods of the pillar two framework, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries; however, we do not expect the directive to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. an unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flows. we have recognized estimated liabilities on the balance sheet for material known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. these liabilities reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. while we believe that the liabilities are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial amount not significantly more than any related liability on the balance sheet.
our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk.
we operate in a rapidly changing industry. accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify, monitor and manage our risks. if our policies and procedures are not fully effective or if we are not always successful in identifying and mitigating all risks to which we are or may become exposed, we may suffer uninsured liability, harm to our reputation or be subject to litigation or regulatory actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
financial risks we are subject to risks associated with changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and we may not effectively hedge against these risks.
a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at a variable rate, and we may incur additional variable-rate indebtedness in the future. elevated interest rates could increase our cost of debt, and reduce our operating cash flows, limit options to refinance existing debt on favorable terms or at all, and could hinder our ability to fund our operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases or dividends.
we are also subject to risks related to the changes in currency exchange rates as a result of our investments in foreign operations and from revenues generated in currencies other than our reporting currency, the u.s. dollar. revenues and profits generated by international operations will increase or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. volatility in currency exchange rates has affected and may continue to affect our financial results.
in certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of our foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or limit our ability to freely move currency in or out of particular jurisdictions. the occurrence of any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues we receive from our international operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may seek to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates through the use of hedging arrangements. to the extent that we hedge our interest rate or currency exchange rate exposures, we forgo the benefits we would otherwise experience if interest rates or currency exchange rates were to change in our favor. developing an effective strategy for dealing with movements in interest rates and currency exchange rates is complex, and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with such fluctuations. in addition, a counterparty to the arrangement could default on its obligation, thereby exposing us to credit risk. we may have to repay certain costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements.
a downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets and increase our interest costs.
we currently maintain investment credit ratings with nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. unfavorable changes in the ratings that these rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately negatively affect our access to the debt capital markets and increase the costs we incur to borrow funds. if ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the capital markets could become restricted, and our relationships with certain customers of our issuer solutions segment could also be affected. future tightening in the credit markets and a reduced level of liquidity in many financial markets due to turmoil in the financial and banking industries could affect our access to the debt capital markets or the price we pay to issue debt. additionally, our revolving credit facility includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded.
failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act could have a material adverse effect on our business.
section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting. furthermore, this assessment may be complicated by any acquisitions we have completed or may complete.
in certain markets, including, without limitation, china, greece and spain, our member sponsors perform payment processing operations and related support services pursuant to services agreements. we expect that the member sponsors will continue to provide these services until such time as we may integrate these functions into our operations. accordingly, we rely on our member sponsors to provide financial data, such as amounts billed to merchants, to assist us with compiling our accounting records. as such, our internal control over financial reporting could be materially affected, or is reasonably likely to be materially affected, by the internal control and procedures of our member sponsors in these markets.
while we continue to dedicate resources and management time to ensure that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on our ability to timely generate accurate financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, on the market's perception of our business and on our stock price.
intellectual property risks we may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.
we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology. despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop software or technology that competes with ours. our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property rights. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove to be successful. the loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability to compete.
we may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services and technology are alleged to infringe upon another party's proprietary rights. third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents that could be infringed by our services or technology. any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against us with respect to our services or technology. we may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant litigation costs and potential liability for damages. an adverse determination in any litigation of this type could limit our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims and require us to design around a third party's intellectual property, which may not be possible, or to license alternative technology from another party, which may be costly. in addition, such litigation is often time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of our employees.
risks related to our capital structure our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect us and limit our business flexibility.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future. our level of debt and the covenants to which we agreed could have negative consequences for us, including, among other things, (1) requiring us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to servicing and repayment of the debt; (2) limiting funds available for strategic initiatives and opportunities, working capital and other general corporate needs; and (3) limiting our ability to incur certain kinds or amounts of additional indebtedness, which could restrict our flexibility to react to changes in our business, our industry and economic conditions.
if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required, among other things, to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, sell selected assets or reduce or delay planned capital, operating or investment expenditures. such measures may not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt, which could result in us defaulting on our obligations.
we may not be able to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs.
we may need to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs, including developing new services and technologies or to fund future acquisitions or operating needs. if we raise additional funds through the sale of equity securities, these transactions may dilute the value of our outstanding common stock. we may also decide to issue securities, including debt securities that have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock. we may not be able to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us or at all. if financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our future needs. this may prevent us from increasing our market share, capitalizing on new business opportunities or remaining competitive in our industry. in addition, adverse economic conditions or any downgrades in our credit ratings could affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and could negatively affect the terms of any such financing.
our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets. the impairment of a portion of these assets could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a result of our acquisitions, a significant portion of our total assets are intangible assets (including goodwill). goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, together accounted for approximately 73% of our total assets as of december 31, 2023. we expect to engage in additional acquisition activity from time-to-time, which may result in our recognition of additional intangible assets, including goodwill. we evaluate on a regular basis whether all or a portion of our goodwill and other intangible assets may be impaired. under current accounting rules, any determination that impairment has occurred would require us to record an impairment charge, which would negatively affect our earnings. an impairment of a portion of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the extent to which we pay dividends on our common stock and repurchase our common stock in the future is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. no assurance can be given that we will be able to or will choose to continue to pay dividends or repurchase shares in the foreseeable future.
risks related to general economic conditions we are subject to economic and geopolitical risk, health and social events or conditions, the business cycles and credit risk of our customers and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the global payments technology industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. we are exposed to general economic conditions, including but not limited to, recessions, inflation, rising interest rates, high unemployment, currency fluctuations, and rising energy prices, that affect consumer confidence, discretionary income and changes in consumer purchasing and spending habits. adverse economic conditions have at times affected and may continue to negatively affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions made using digital payments. a reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease in our revenues and profits. if our merchants make fewer sales to consumers using digital payments, or consumers using digital payments spend less per transaction, we will have fewer transactions to process or lower transaction amounts, each of which would contribute to lower revenues. additionally, credit card issuers may reduce credit limits and become more selective in their card issuance practices. when such conditions arise, we evaluate where we may be able to implement cost-saving measures, including those related to headcount and discretionary expenses. while economic conditions have shown moderate improvement in recent months, any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
adverse macroeconomic conditions in any of our markets could force merchants, financial institutions or other customers to cease operations or petition for bankruptcy protection, resulting in lower revenue and earnings for us and greater exposure to potential credit losses and future transaction declines. we also have a certain amount of fixed costs, including rent, debt service, and salaries, which could limit our ability to quickly adjust costs and respond to changes in our business and the economy. changes in economic conditions could also adversely affect our future revenues and profits and have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in most markets, we collect our fees from our merchants on the first day after the monthly billing period, which results in the build-up of substantial receivable from our customers. if a merchant were to go out of business during the billing period, we may be unable to collect such fees, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our business, growth, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by public health emergencies, such as the covid-19 pandemic, political and economic instability or changes in a country's or region's economic conditions, changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, whether caused by a change in government or otherwise, increased difficulty of conducting business in a country or region due to actual or potential political or military conflict or action by the united states or foreign governments that may restrict our ability to transact business in a foreign country or with certain foreign individuals or entities.
risks associated with heightened geopolitical and economic instability, include among others, reduction in consumer, government or corporate spending, international sanctions, embargoes, heightened inflation and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation, volatility in global financial markets, increased cyber disruptions or attacks, higher supply chain costs and increased tensions between countries in which we may operate, which could result in charges related to the recoverability of assets, including financial assets, long-lived assets and goodwill, and other losses, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
climate-related events, including extreme weather events and natural disasters and their effects on critical infrastructure in the u.s. or internationally, could have adverse effects on our operations, customers or third-party suppliers. furthermore, our shareholders, customers and other stakeholders have begun to consider how corporations are addressing sustainability matters, which include environmental and corporate responsibility issues. government regulators, investors, customers and the general public are increasingly focused on sustainability practices and disclosures, and views on this topic are diverse and rapidly changing. these shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the company's common stock if investors determine that the company has not made sufficient progress on sustainability matters. furthermore, developing and acting on these initiatives, and collecting, measuring and reporting related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming, and are subject to evolving reporting standards and/or contractual obligations. the standards and laws by which sustainability efforts are tracked and measured are in many cases new, have not been harmonized, and continue to evolve.
we could also face potential negative sustainability related publicity in traditional media or social media if shareholders or other stakeholders determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed sustainability and governance matters. we have been the recipient of proposals from shareholders to promote their corporate responsibility positions, and we may receive other such proposals in the future. such proposals may not be in the long-term interests of the company or our shareholders and may divert management's attention away from operational matters or create the impression that our practices are inadequate.
general risk factors if we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and hire additional qualified personnel as we grow, our business could be adversely affected.
all of our businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that require a wide ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital. to successfully compete and grow, we must recruit, develop, retain and motivate personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of intellectual capital needs. in addition, we must develop our personnel to fulfill succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital. however, the market for qualified personnel is extremely competitive, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. we cannot be assured that key personnel, including executive officers, will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. failure to retain, develop or attract key personnel could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and future success, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the costs and effects of pending and future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are from time-to-time involved in various litigation matters and governmental or regulatory investigations or similar matters arising out of our current or future business. our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. litigation could be costly, time-consuming and divert attention of management from daily operational needs. furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in pending or future litigation or similar matters under various laws. should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any pending or future litigation or investigation significantly exceed our insurance coverage, such judgments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data." this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future. forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in "item 1a - risk factors." see "cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements" located above in "item 1 - business."
we operate in two reportable segments: merchant solutions and issuer solutions. during the second quarter of 2023, we completed the sale of the consumer portion of our netspend business, which comprised our former consumer solutions segment. our consolidated financial statements include the results of our former consumer solutions segment for periods prior to disposition. see "note 18-segment information" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about our segments.
discussions of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 that have been omitted under this item can be found in "part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission on february 17, 2023.
executive overview we are a leading payments technology company delivering innovative software and services to our customers globally. our technologies, services and team member expertise allow us to provide a broad range of solutions that enable our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently across a variety of channels around the world.
we have grown organically, as well as through acquisitions, and we continue to invest in new and innovative technology solutions, infrastructure to support our growing business and the ongoing consolidation and enhancement of our operating platforms. these investments include new product development and innovation to further enhance and differentiate our suite of technology and cloud-based solutions available to customers, along with migration of certain underlying technology platforms to cloud environments to enhance performance, improve speed to market and drive cost efficiencies. we also continue to execute on integration and other activities, such as combining business operations, streamlining technology infrastructure, eliminating duplicative corporate and operational support structures and realizing scale efficiencies.
we have furthered our business strategy through several recent key transactions during 2023 as follows:
•we completed the acquisition of evo payments, inc. ("evo") for total purchase consideration of $4.3 billion. evo is a payment technology and services provider, offering payment solutions to merchants ranging from small and middle market enterprises to multinational companies and organizations across the americas and europe. the cash portion of the purchase consideration was funded through cash on hand and borrowings from our revolving credit facility.
•we completed the sale of the consumer portion of our netspend business for approximately $1 billion. in connection with the sale, we provided $675 million of seller financing and a five-year $50 million secured revolving facility that became available from the date of closing of the sale. we also completed the sale of our gaming business for approximately $400 million.
•our capital structure initiatives during 2023 included the issuance of euro-denominated senior notes and the launch of a commercial paper program:
◦we issued €800 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior unsecured notes due march 2031 and received net proceeds of €790.6 million, or $843.6 million based on the exchange rate on the issuance date. the net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes.
◦we established a $2.0 billion commercial paper program under which we may issue senior unsecured commercial paper notes with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue as a cost effective means of satisfying our short-term liquidity needs.
highlights related to our financial condition at december 31, 2023, and results of operations for the year then ended, include the following:
•consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased to $9,654.4 million, compared to $8,975.5 million for the prior year. the increase in consolidated revenues was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes, including from the recently acquired evo business, partially offset by the effects on revenue of the divested businesses.
•merchant solutions and issuer solutions segment operating income and operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to the favorable effect of increases in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and continued expense management.
•consolidated operating income for the year ended december 31, 2023 included the favorable effects of the increase in revenues as compared to the prior year, partially offset by an increase in expenses primarily related to the acquisition of evo. consolidated operating income for the year ended december 31, 2023 also included the effects of a loss on the sale of our consumer business, which was partially offset by a gain on the sale of our gaming business.
continuing and emerging trends the payments technology industry continues to evolve and grow worldwide and as a result, certain large payment technology companies, including us, have expanded operations globally by pursuing acquisitions and creating alliances and joint ventures. we expect to continue to expand into new markets and pursue additional acquisitions and joint ventures in existing markets to increase our scale and improve our competitiveness.
the industry continues to grow globally as a result of wider merchant acceptance and increased use of credit and debit cards, advances in payment processing technology and migration to ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. the proliferation of credit and debit cards, as well as other digital payment solutions, has made the acceptance of digital payments a virtual necessity for many businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. furthermore, the expanding digitization of the economy and availability and access to financial services increases the demand for cards and digital payment solutions, which in turn drives growth in acceptance and transaction volumes.
the use of digital payment solutions, the need for development of technologies and digital-based solutions and expansion of ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions has accelerated. we believe that the number of digital payment transactions will continue to grow and that an increasing percentage of these will be facilitated through emerging technologies. as a result, we expect an increasing portion of our future capital investment will be allocated to support the development of new and emerging technologies, including technology modernization, innovation and integration through strategic partnerships.
we also believe new markets will continue to develop and expand in areas that have been previously dominated by paper-based transactions. we expect industries such as education, government and healthcare, as well as recurring payments and b2b payments, to continue to see transactions migrate to digital-based solutions. we anticipate that the continued development of new services and technologies, the emergence of new vertical markets and continued expansion of technology-enabled ecommerce and omnichannel solutions, including expanded scale and market reach through new innovative cloud-based capabilities and strategic partnerships, will be a factor in the growth of our business and our revenues in the future. furthermore, due to its benefits and growth potential, we anticipate the increased exploration of use of artificial intelligence in the payments industry.
for a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our continuing operating results, see the section entitled "risk factors" in item 1a.
macroeconomic effects and other global conditions risks related to macroeconomic conditions we are exposed to general economic conditions, including currency fluctuations, inflation, rising interest rates and other conditions that affect the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our financial performance.
certain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies. consequently, a portion of our revenues and expenses has been and may continue to be affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. a strengthening of the u.s. dollar or other significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in an adverse effect on our future financial results; however, we are unable to predict the extent of the potential effect on our financial results.
we have sought to reduce our interest rate risk through issuance of fixed rate debt in place of variable rate debt, including the effect of interest rate swap hedging arrangements to convert a significant portion of the eligible variable rate borrowings under our revolving credit facility to a fixed rate. however, inflationary pressure or interest rate fluctuations have affected and could continue to affect our business and financial performance as a result of higher costs and/or lower consumer spending. in addition, continued inflation or a rise in interest rates could result in an adverse effect on our future financial results and the recoverability of assets. however, as the future magnitude, duration and effects of these conditions are difficult to predict at this time, we are unable to predict the extent of the potential effect on our financial results.
in addition, failures of several financial institutions in the first quarter of 2023, including silicon valley bank and credit suisse, have created some uncertainty in the global financial markets and a greater focus on the potential failure of other banks in the future. although we do not have exposure to and did not experience losses as a result of these failures, we regularly maintain cash balances with financial institutions in excess of the federal deposit insurance corporation insurance limit or the equivalent outside the u.s. a disruption in financial markets could impair our banking partners, which could affect our ability to access our cash or cash equivalents, our ability to provide settlement services or our customers' ability to access their existing cash to fulfill their payment obligations to us. the occurrence of these events could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
when adverse macroeconomic conditions arise, we evaluate where we may be able to implement cost-saving measures, including those related to headcount and discretionary expenses. while economic conditions have shown moderate improvement in recent months, a downturn in macroeconomic conditions could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
other global conditions we continue to evaluate the potential effects on our business from health and social events, including pandemics like the covid-19 pandemic. although the covid-19 pandemic has subsided, it caused an economic slowdown and other macroeconomic effects in the u.s. and other markets in which we operate. the global macroeconomic effects of the pandemic may persist for an indefinite period.
we also continue to evaluate the potential effects on our business from heightened geopolitical and economic instability or increased difficulty of conducting business in a country or region due to actual or potential political or military conflict or action, such as those arising from recent global events, which have increased the level of economic and political uncertainty in various regions of the world. although we have not experienced significant exposure or adverse effects on our business and financial results to date, the extent to which these events could affect the global economy and our operations is difficult to predict at this time. however, a significant escalation, expansion of the scope or continuation of the related economic disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
for a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our continuing operating results, see the section entitled "risk factors" in item 1a.
results of operations revenues merchant solutions. the majority of our merchant solutions segment revenues is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on card type or industry vertical. we also earn software subscription and licensing fees, as well as other fees for specific value-added services that may be unrelated to the number or value of transactions. these revenues depend upon a number of factors, such as demand for and price of our services, the technological competitiveness of our offerings, our reputation for providing timely and reliable service, competition within our industry and general economic conditions.
we provide payment technology and software solutions to customers and fund settlement either directly, in markets where we have direct membership with the payment networks, or through our relationship with a member financial institution in markets where we are sponsored. revenues are generally recognized as billed to the customer, net of interchange fees and payment network fees. we market our services through a variety of relationship-led and technology-enabled distribution channels, including a direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers and referral arrangements with value-added resellers ("vars"). we also sell services to isos, payment facilitators and financial institutions. in certain of these arrangements, the iso, financial institution or other external partner receives a share of the customer profitability in the form of a monthly residual payment, which is reflected as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
issuer solutions. issuer solutions segment revenues are primarily derived from long-term processing contracts with financial institutions and other financial services providers. payment processing services revenues are generated primarily from charges based on the number of accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, statements generated and/or mailed, managed services, cards embossed and mailed, and other processing services for cardholder accounts on file. most of these customer contracts have prescribed annual minimums, penalties for early termination, and service level agreements that may affect contractual fees if specific service levels are not achieved. issuer solutions revenues also include loyalty redemption services, professional services, and fees from b2b payments services and other financial service solutions marketed to businesses, including software-as-a-service ("saas") offerings that automate key procurement processes, provide invoice capture, coding and approval, and enable virtual cards and integrated payments options across a variety of key vertical markets.
consumer solutions. during the second quarter of 2023, we completed the sale of the consumer portion of our netspend business, which comprised our former consumer solutions segment. for the periods prior to disposition, our consumer solutions arrangements included a stand-ready performance obligation to provide account access and facilitate purchase transactions. revenues principally consisted of fees collected from cardholders and fees generated by cardholder activity in connection with the programs that we managed. customers were typically charged a fee for each purchase transaction made using their cards, unless the customer was on a monthly or annual service plan, in which case the customer was instead charged a monthly or annual subscription fee, as applicable. customers were also charged a monthly maintenance fee after a specified period of inactivity. we also charged fees associated with additional services offered in connection with our accounts, including the use of overdraft features, a variety of bill payment options, card replacement, foreign exchange and card-to-card transfers of funds initiated through our call centers. revenues were recognized net of fees charged by the payment networks for services they provided in processing transactions routed through them.
operating expenses cost of service. cost of service consists primarily of salaries, wages and related expenses paid to operations and technology-related personnel, including those who monitor our transaction processing systems and settlement functions; the cost of transaction processing systems, including third-party services; the cost of network telecommunications capability; depreciation and occupancy costs associated with the facilities supporting these functions; amortization of intangible assets; costs to fulfill customer contracts; provisions for operating losses; and, when applicable, integration costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, wages, commissions and related expenses paid to sales personnel, customer support functions other than those supporting revenues, administrative employees and management; share-based compensation; costs to obtain customer contracts; residuals paid to isos; fees paid to vars, independent contractors and other third parties; other selling expenses; occupancy costs of leased space directly related to these functions; advertising costs; and, when applicable, acquisition and integration costs.
operating income and operating margin for the purpose of discussing segment operations, we refer to "operating income," which is calculated by subtracting segment direct expenses from segment revenues. overhead and shared expenses, including share-based compensation, are not allocated to segment operations; they are reported in the caption "corporate." impairment of goodwill and gains or losses on business dispositions are also not included in determining segment operating income. in addition, in discussing segment operations we refer to "operating margin," which is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenues.
equity in income of equity method investments we have equity method investments, including a 45% interest in china unionpay data co., ltd., which we account for using the equity method of accounting. equity in income of equity method investments reflects our proportional share of earnings from these investments.
the following table sets forth key selected financial data for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, this data as a percentage of total revenues, and the changes between periods in dollars and as a percentage of the prior-period amount. the income statement data for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is derived from the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data."
(dollar amounts in thousands)                        2023                        % of revenue(1)                       2022                        % of revenue(1)                     change                     % change revenues(2):
consolidated operating expenses(2):
cost of service                                $3,727,521                           38.6       %                 $3,778,617                           42.1       %                  $(51,096)                   (1.4)    %
impairment of goodwill(3)                               -                              -       %                    833,075                            9.3       %                  (833,075)                           nm net loss on business dispositions                 136,744                            1.4       %                    199,094                            2.2       %                   (62,350)                  (31.3)    %
operating expenses                             $7,938,033                           82.2       %                 $8,335,364                           92.9       %                 $(397,331)                   (4.8)    %
operating income (loss)(2):
impairment of goodwill(3)                               -                              -       %                  (833,075)                          (9.3)       %                    833,075                           nm net loss on business dispositions               (136,744)                          (1.4)       %                  (199,094)                          (2.2)       %                     62,350                  (31.3)    %
operating income                               $1,716,386                           17.8       %                   $640,151                            7.1       %                 $1,076,235                   168.1    %
operating margin(2):
(2) revenues, consolidated operating expenses, operating income and operating margin reflect the effects of acquired businesses from the respective acquisition dates and the effects of divested businesses through the respective disposal dates. see "note 2-acquisitions" and "note 3-business dispositions" for further discussion.
operating income included acquisition and integration expenses of $341.9 million and $259.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which were primarily included within corporate expenses. for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, operating loss for corporate also included $18.5 million and $47.1 million, respectively, of other charges related to facilities exit activities.
(3) for the year ended december 31, 2022, consolidated operating income included an $833.1 million goodwill impairment charge related to our former business and consumer solutions reporting unit. see "note 6-goodwill and other intangible assets" for further discussion.
revenues consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased by 7.6% to $9,654.4 million, compared to $8,975.5 million for the prior year. the increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes, including from the evo business acquired in 2023.
merchant solutions segment. revenues from our merchant solutions segment for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased by 15.3% to $7,151.8 million, compared to $6,204.9 million for the prior year. the increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes, including from the evo business, and growth in subscription and software revenue.
operating expenses cost of service. cost of service for the year ended december 31, 2023 was $3,727.5 million, compared to $3,778.6 million for the prior year. cost of service as a percentage of revenues decreased to 38.6% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 42.1% for the prior year. compared to the prior year, cost of service for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased primarily due to continued prudent expense management and inclusion of costs related to the divested businesses for only a portion of the current year. these favorable effects were partially offset by the inclusion of costs for the evo business, including the related amortization of acquired intangibles. cost of service included amortization of acquired intangibles of $1,318.5 million and $1,263.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased by 15.6% to $4,073.8 million, compared to $3,524.6 million for the prior year. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues was 42.2% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 39.3% for the prior year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in variable selling and other costs related to the increase in revenues and the inclusion of costs for the evo business. in addition, the increase was driven by the effects of higher acquisition and integration expenses, related primarily to the acquisition of evo, and higher compensation and benefits costs, including an increase in share-based compensation expense for retirement eligible executives and our previous ceo, whose departure was announced on may 1, 2023.
selling, general and administrative expenses included acquisition and integration expenses of $341.4 million and $258.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. share-based compensation expense was $209.0 million and $163.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
corporate. corporate expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023 were $898.0 million, compared to $777.7 million for the prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily due to the increase in acquisition and integration and compensation expenses, partially offset by lower charges related to facilities exit activities in the current year.
operating income and operating margin consolidated operating income for the year ended december 31, 2023 was $1,716.4 million, compared to $640.2 million for the prior year. consolidated operating income and operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the prior year included the favorable effects of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, prudent expense management and lower charges related to facilities exit activities as described above. these effects were partially offset by higher acquisition and integration expenses, amortization of acquired intangibles and compensation expenses as described above. consolidated operating income for the year ended december 31, 2023 also included the effects of a $106.9 million gain on the sale of our gaming business and a $243.6 million loss on the sale of our consumer business.
consolidated operating income and operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2022 included the unfavorable effects of an $833.1 million goodwill impairment charge related to our former business and consumer solutions reporting unit and a $127.2 million loss related to the sale of our merchant solutions business in russia. we also recognized charges within loss on business dispositions in our consolidated statement of income of $71.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2022 to reduce the consumer business disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell.
segment operating income and operating margin in our merchant solutions segment, operating income and operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to the favorable effect of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and continued expense management. these favorable effects were partially offset by incremental expenses related to continued investment in products, innovation and our technology environments. in addition, the inclusion of evo had an unfavorable effect on the merchant solutions operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year.
in our issuer solutions segment, operating income and operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to the favorable effect of the increase in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and continued expense management.
other income/expense, net interest and other income for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased to $113.7 million, compared to $33.6 million for the prior year, primarily due to interest income associated with the new seller financing notes receivable of $58.3 million recognized during the year ended december 31, 2023. other income for the year ended december 31, 2022 included a gain of $13.2 million recognized in connection with the release and conversion of a portion of our visa convertible preferred shares. see "note 8-other assets" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this transaction.
interest and other expense for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased to $660.2 million, compared to $449.4 million for the prior year, nearly equally affected by an increase in our average outstanding borrowings and higher average interest rates on outstanding borrowings. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2023, we incurred a noncash charge of $15.2 million for the estimated future credit losses on the new seller financing notes receivable. interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 included fees and charges incurred in connection with financing activities that occurred during 2022, including $17.3 million related to commitment fees associated with bridge financing for the evo acquisition.
income tax expense our effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were 17.9% and 74.3%, respectively. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2023 reflects recognition of a gain on the dispositions of our consumer and gaming businesses for income tax reporting purposes, while an aggregate net loss on the dispositions was recognized for financial reporting purposes. this was partially offset by the favorable effect on the rate of foreign interest income not subject to tax, tax credits, the foreign-derived intangible income deduction, and the realization of built in losses on corporate restructurings.
the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2022 included the unfavorable effects of the goodwill impairment charge and loss on the sale of our merchant solutions business in russia, for which no tax benefit was recognized, partially offset by the remeasurement of state deferred taxes to reflect enacted tax law changes.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the inflation reduction act into law, which, among other things, implemented a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax based on global adjusted financial statement income and a 1% excise tax on share repurchases effective beginning january 1, 2023. we do not expect the corporate alternative minimum tax will have a material effect on our reported results, cash flows or financial position. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we reflected excise tax of $3.9 million within equity as part of the cost of common stock repurchased, net of share issuances, during the period.
in december 2022, the eu member states formally adopted the pillar two directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the organization for economic co-operation and development pillar two framework. the eu effective dates are january 1, 2024, and january 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. a significant number of other countries are expected to also implement similar legislation with varying effective dates in the future. we are continuing to evaluate the potential effect on future periods of the pillar two framework, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries.
equity in income of equity method investments equity in income of equity method investments decreased to $67.9 million compared to $85.7 million for the prior year. equity in income of equity method investments for the year ended december 31, 2022 included $18.8 million in gains on the sale of certain equity method investments that did not recur in the current year.
net income attributable to global payments net income attributable to global payments was $986.2 million compared to $111.5 million for the prior year, reflecting the changes noted above.
diluted earnings per share diluted earnings per share was $3.77 compared to $0.40 for the prior year. diluted earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2023 reflects the changes in net income and a decrease in the weighted-average number of shares outstanding.
liquidity and capital resources we have numerous sources of capital, including cash on hand and cash flows generated from operations as well as various sources of financing. in the ordinary course of our business, a significant portion of our liquidity comes from operating cash flows and borrowings, including the capacity under our revolving credit facility.
our capital allocation priorities are to make planned capital investments in our business, to pursue acquisitions that meet our corporate objectives, to pay dividends, to pay principal and interest on our outstanding debt and to repurchase shares of our common stock. our significant contractual cash requirements also include ongoing payments for lease liabilities and contractual obligations related to service arrangements with suppliers for fixed or minimum amounts, which primarily relate to software, technology infrastructure and related services. commitments under our borrowing arrangements are further described in "note 9-long-term debt and lines of credit" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and below under "long-term debt and lines of credit." for additional information regarding our other cash commitments and contractual obligations, see "note 7-leases" and "note 19-commitments and contingencies" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
our capital plan objectives are to support our operational needs and strategic plan for long-term growth while optimizing our cost of capital and financial position. to supplement cash from operating activities, we use a combination of bank financing, such as borrowings under our credit facilities, commercial paper program and senior note issuances, for general corporate purposes and to fund acquisitions. our commercial paper program, established during the first quarter of 2023, provides a cost effective means of addressing our short-term liquidity needs and is backstopped by our revolving credit agreement, in that the amount of commercial paper notes outstanding cannot exceed the undrawn portion of our revolving credit facility. finally, specialized lines of credit are also used in certain of our markets to fund merchant settlement prior to receipt of funds from the card networks.
we regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital position relative to cash requirements, and we may elect to raise additional funds in the future through the issuance of debt or equity or by other means. accumulated cash balances are invested in high-quality, marketable short-term instruments. we believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity requirements associated with our operations for the near and long term.
at december 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $2,088.9 million. of this amount, we considered $703.3 million to be available for general purposes, of which $64.3 million is undistributed foreign earnings considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states. the available cash of $703.3 million does not include the following: (i) settlement-related cash balances, (ii) funds held as collateral for merchant losses ("merchant reserves") and (iii) funds held for customers. settlement-related cash balances represent funds that we hold when the incoming amount from the card networks precedes the funding obligation to the merchant. settlement-related cash balances are not restricted in their use; however, these funds are generally paid out in satisfaction of settlement processing obligations the following day. merchant reserves serve as collateral to minimize contingent liabilities associated with any losses that may occur under the merchant's agreement. while this cash is not restricted in its use, we believe that designating this cash as a merchant reserve strengthens our fiduciary standing with our member sponsors. funds held for customers, which are not restricted in their use, include amounts collected before the corresponding obligation is due to be settled to or at the direction of our customers.
we also had restricted cash of $167.2 million as of december 31, 2023, representing amounts deposited by customers for prepaid card transactions and funds held as a liquidity reserve. these balances are subject to local regulatory restrictions requiring appropriate segregation and restriction in their use.
operating activities provided net cash of $2,248.7 million and $2,244.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which reflect net income adjusted for noncash items, including depreciation, amortization and the provision for credit losses, charges associated with the net loss on business dispositions and facility exit charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities. the increase in cash flows from operating activities from the prior year was due to fluctuations in operating results and related assets and liabilities that are affected primarily by timing of month-end and transaction volume, including changes in settlement processing assets and obligations and accounts payable and other liability balances.
we used net cash in investing activities of $4,361.1 million and $675.5 million during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. cash used for investing activities primarily represents cash used to fund acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, and capital expenditures. during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, we used cash of $4,225.6 million and $68.8 million, respectively, for acquisitions. we made capital expenditures of $658.1 million and $615.7 million during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. these investments include software and hardware to support the development of new technologies, infrastructure to support our growing business and the consolidation and enhancement of our operating platforms. these investments also include new product development and innovation to further enhance and differentiate our suite of technology and cloud-based solutions available to customers. we expect to continue to make significant capital investments in the business, and we anticipate capital expenditures to grow at a similar rate as our revenue growth during the year ending december 31, 2024. additionally, investing cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2023 includes the net effect on cash from the sale of our consumer and gaming businesses, cash received from the sale of investments in visa common shares of $42.1 million and the issuance and subsequent repayment of a $50.0 million secured revolving credit facility available from the date of the sale to the purchasers of the consumer business. investing cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes the net effect on cash from the sale of our merchant solutions business in russia and cash received from the sale of investments in visa common shares of $13.2 million and equity method investments of $19.9 million.
financing activities include borrowings and repayments made under our various debt arrangements, as well as borrowings and repayments made under specialized lines of credit to fund daily settlement activities. our borrowing arrangements are further described in "note 9-long-term debt and lines of credit" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and below under "long-term debt and lines of credit." financing activities also include cash flows associated with common stock repurchase programs and share-based compensation programs, cash distributions made to our shareholders and cash contributions from and distributions to noncontrolling interests. financing activities provided net cash of $2,141.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2023, and we used net cash in financing activities of $1,376.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2022.
proceeds from long-term debt were $10,336.9 million and $9,812.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. repayments of long-term debt were $9,099.9 million and $7,895.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. proceeds from and repayments of long-term debt consist of borrowings and repayments that we make with available cash, from time-to-time, under our revolving credit facility, as well as scheduled principal repayments we make on our term loans, finance leases and other vendor financing arrangements. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we also had net borrowings of $1,371.6 million under our commercial paper program. see section "long-term debt and lines of credit" below for further discussion of our recent debt transactions.
activity under our settlement lines of credit is affected primarily by timing of month-end and transaction volume. during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had net borrowings of settlement lines of credit of $220.7 million and $285.6 million, respectively.
we repurchase our common stock mainly through open market repurchase plans and, at times, through accelerated share repurchase ("asr") programs. during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, we used $418.3 million and $2,921.3 million, respectively, to repurchase shares of our common stock. as of december 31, 2023, the remaining amount available under our share repurchase program was $1,090.2 million.
we paid dividends to our common shareholders in the amounts of $260.4 million and $274.0 million during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we made distributions to noncontrolling interests in the amount of $33.0 million and $23.0 million during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
long-term debt and lines of credit senior notes we have $10.8 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, which mature at various dates ranging from november 2024 to august 2052. interest on the senior notes is payable annually or semi-annually at various dates. each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture.
on march 17, 2023, we issued €800 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior unsecured notes due march 2031 and received net proceeds of €790.6 million, or $843.6 million based on the exchange rate on the issuance date. we issued the senior notes at a discount of $2.8 million, and we incurred debt issuance costs of $7.2 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet. interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable annually in arrears on march 17 of each year, commencing march 17, 2024. the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. the net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes.
on august 22, 2022, we issued $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.950% senior notes due august 2027; (ii) $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.300% senior notes due august 2029; (iii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.400% senior notes due august 2032; and (iv) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.950% senior notes due august 2052. we issued the senior notes at a total discount of $5.2 million, and we incurred debt issuance costs of $24.8 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet. interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing february 15, 2023. the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. the net proceeds from the offering were used to refinance the outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility, to make cash payments and pay transaction fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition of evo and for general corporate purposes.
on november 22, 2021, we issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.500% senior notes due november 2024; (ii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.150% senior notes due january 2027; and (iii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900% senior notes due november 2031. we incurred debt issuance costs of approximately $14.4 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet. interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on may 15 and november 15 for the 2024 and 2031 notes and january 15 and july 15 on the 2027 note, commencing may 15, 2022 for the 2024 note and the 2031 note and july 15, 2022 for the 2027 note. the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. we used the net proceeds from the offering to repay the outstanding indebtedness under our prior credit facility and for general corporate purposes.
on february 26, 2021, we issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 1.200% senior unsecured notes due march 2026. we incurred debt issuance costs of approximately $8.6 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1 of each year, commencing september 1, 2021. the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. we used the net proceeds from this offering to fund the redemption in full of the 3.800% senior unsecured notes due april 2021, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our prior credit facility and for general corporate purposes.
we have $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2.900% senior unsecured notes due may 2030. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on may 15 and november 15 of each year, commencing november 15, 2020. the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. we issued the senior notes at a total discount of $3.3 million and capitalized related debt issuance costs of $8.4 million.
we have $3.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.650% senior notes due 2025; (ii) $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.200% senior notes due 2029; and (iii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.150% senior notes due 2049. interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on each february 15 and august 15, beginning on february 15, 2020. each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture. we issued the senior notes at a total discount of $6.1 million and capitalized related debt issuance costs of $29.6 million.
in addition, in connection with our merger with total system services, inc. ("tsys") in september 2019 (the "tsys merger"), we assumed $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes of tsys, consisting of the following: (i) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.800% senior notes due 2021, which were redeemed in february 2021; (ii) $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior notes due 2023, which were redeemed in june 2023; (iii) $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000% senior notes due 2023, which were redeemed in june 2023; (iv) $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.800% senior notes due 2026; and (v) $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.450% senior notes due 2028. for the 4.800% senior notes due 2026, interest is payable semi-annually each april 1 and october 1. for the 4.450% senior notes due 2028, interest is payable semi-annually each june 1 and december 1. the difference between the acquisition-date fair value and face value of senior notes assumed in the tsys merger is recognized over the terms of the respective notes as a reduction of interest expense. the amortization of this fair value adjustment was $15.7 million and $27.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
convertible notes we have $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 1.000% convertible notes due 2029, which were issued on august 8, 2022 in a private placement pursuant to an investment agreement with silver lake partners. the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1.44 billion, reflecting an issuance discount of $37.5 million and $20.4 million of debt issuance costs, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the convertible notes in our consolidated balance sheet.
interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on february 15 and august 15 of each year, beginning on february 15, 2023, to the holders of record on the preceding february 1 and august 1, respectively.
the notes are convertible at the option of the holder at any time after the date that is 18 months after issuance (or earlier, upon the occurrence of certain corporate events) until the scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date. the notes are convertible into cash and shares of our common stock based on a conversion rate of 7.1421 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the convertible notes (which is equal to a conversion price of approximately $140.01 per share), subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. upon conversion, the principal amount of, and interest due on, the convertible notes are required to be settled in cash and any other amounts may be settled in shares, cash or a combination of shares and cash at our election.
the notes are not redeemable by us. if certain corporate events that constitute a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the notes) occur, any holder of the notes may require that we repurchase all or any portion of their notes for cash at a purchase price of par plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. in addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the notes) occur, then the conversion rate will in certain circumstances be increased for a specified period of time. the notes include customary covenants for notes of this type, as well as customary events of default, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the convertible notes.
on august 8, 2022, in connection with the issuance of the notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions to cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the notes. the economic effect of the capped call transactions is to hedge the potential dilutive effect upon conversion of the notes, or offset our cash obligation if the cash settlement option is elected, up to a cap price determined based on a hedging period that commenced on august 9, 2022 and concluded on august 25, 2022. the capped call had an initial strike price of $140.67 per share and a cap price of $229.26 per share. the capped call transactions meet the accounting criteria to be reflected in stockholders' equity and not accounted for as derivatives. the cost of $302.4 million incurred in connection with the capped call transactions was reflected as a reduction to paid-in-capital in our consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2022, net of applicable income taxes.
revolving credit facility on august 19, 2022, we entered into a revolving credit agreement with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions, as lenders and other agents. the revolving credit agreement provides for an unsubordinated unsecured $5.75 billion revolving credit facility. we capitalized debt issuance costs of $12.3 million in connection with the issuance under the revolving credit facility. the revolving credit facility matures in august 2027. borrowings under the revolving credit facility may be repaid prior to maturity without premium or penalty, subject to payment of certain customary expenses of lenders and customary notice provisions.
borrowings under the revolving credit facility are available to be made in us dollars, euros, sterling, canadian dollars and, subject to certain conditions, certain other currencies at our option. borrowings under the revolving credit facility will bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to (i) for secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") based currencies or certain alternative currencies, a secured overnight financing rate (subject to a 0.00% floor) plus a 0.10% credit spread adjustment or an alternative currency term rate (subject to a 0.00% floor), as applicable, (ii) for us dollar borrowings, a base rate, (iii) for us dollar borrowings, a daily floating secured overnight financing rate (subject to a 0.00% floor on or after january 1, 2023) plus a 0.10% credit spread adjustment or (iv) for certain alternative currencies, a daily alternative currency rate (subject to a 0.00% floor), in each case, plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin for borrowings under the revolving credit facility will range from 1.125% to 1.875% depending on our credit rating. in addition, we are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee with respect to the unused portion of the revolving credit facility at an applicable rate per annum ranging from 0.125% to 0.300% depending on our credit rating.
we may issue standby letters of credit of up to $250.0 million in the aggregate under the revolving credit facility. outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility reduce the amount of borrowings available to us. the amounts available to borrow under the revolving credit facility are also determined by a financial leverage covenant. as of december 31, 2023, there were borrowings of $1,570.0 million outstanding under the revolving credit facility with an interest rate of 6.84%, and the total available commitments under the revolving credit facility were $2.8 billion.
commercial paper in january 2023, we established a $2.0 billion commercial paper program under which we may issue senior unsecured commercial paper notes with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue. the program is backstopped by our revolving credit agreement, in that the amount of commercial paper notes outstanding cannot exceed the undrawn portion of our revolving credit facility. as such, we could draw on the revolving credit facility to repay commercial paper notes that cannot be rolled over or refinanced with similar debt.
commercial paper notes are expected to be issued at a discount from par, or they may bear interest, each at commercial paper market rates dictated by market conditions at the time of their issuance. the proceeds from issuances of commercial paper notes will be used primarily for general corporate purposes but may also be used for acquisitions, to pay dividends, for debt refinancing or for other purposes.
as of december 31, 2023, we had net borrowings under our commercial paper program of $1,371.6 million outstanding with a weighted average annual interest rate of 6.06%.
prior credit facility prior to the revolving credit facility, we were party to a prior credit facility agreement with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions, as lenders and other agents (as amended from time-to-time). the prior credit facility provided for a senior unsecured $2.0 billion term loan facility and a senior unsecured $3.0 billion revolving credit facility. in august 2022, all borrowings outstanding and other amounts due under the prior credit facility were repaid and the prior credit facility was terminated.
bridge facility on august 1, 2022, in connection with our entry into the evo merger agreement, we obtained commitments for a $4.3 billion, 364-day senior unsecured bridge facility. upon the execution of permanent financing, including the issuance of our senior unsecured notes and entry into the revolving credit facility described above, the aggregate commitments under the bridge facility were reduced to zero and terminated.
compliance with covenants the convertible notes include customary covenants and events of default for convertible notes of this type. the revolving credit agreement contains customary affirmative covenants and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on net leverage and interest coverage ratios, and customary events of default. the required leverage ratio was increased to 4.50 to 1.00 as a result of the acquisition of evo, and will gradually step-down over eight quarters to the original required ratio of 3.75 to 1.00. as of december 31, 2023, the required leverage ratio is 4.50 to 1.00, and the required interest coverage ratio is 3.00 to 1.00. we were in compliance with all applicable covenants as of december 31, 2023.
settlement lines of credit in various markets where we do business, we have specialized lines of credit, that are restricted for use in funding settlement. the settlement lines of credit generally have variable interest rates, are subject to annual review and are denominated in local currency but may, in some cases, facilitate borrowings in multiple currencies. for certain of our lines of credit, the available credit is increased by the amount of cash we have on deposit in specific accounts with the lender. accordingly, the amount of the outstanding lines of credit may exceed the stated credit limit. as of december 31, 2023, a total of $88.5 million of cash on deposit was used to determine the available credit.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $981.2 million outstanding under these lines of credit with additional capacity to fund settlement of $1,852.5 million. during the year ended december 31, 2023, the maximum and average outstanding balances under these lines of credit were $1,506.5 million and $515.7 million, respectively. the weighted-average interest rate on these borrowings was 5.95% at december 31, 2023.
see "note 9-long-term debt and lines of credit" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our borrowing agreements.
bin/ica agreements in certain markets, we enter into sponsorship or depository and processing agreements with banks. these agreements allow us to use the banks' identification numbers, referred to as bank identification number ("bin") for visa transactions and interbank card association ("ica") number for mastercard transactions, to clear credit card transactions through visa and mastercard. certain of such agreements contain financial covenants, and we were in compliance with all such covenants as of december 31, 2023.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. we consider the following accounting policies and estimates to be critical to understanding our consolidated financial statements because the application of these policies requires significant judgment on the part of management, and as a result, actual future developments may be different from those expected at the time that we make these important judgments. we have discussed these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors.
accounting estimates necessarily require subjective determinations about future events and conditions. therefore, the following descriptions of our critical accounting estimates are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by these forward-looking statements. you should read the following in conjunction with "note 1-basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the risk factors contained in "item 1a - risk factors" in this annual report.
business combinations from time-to-time, we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. the measurement principle for the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in a business combination is at estimated fair value as of the acquisition date, with certain exceptions. the excess of the total consideration transferred over the amount of the net identifiable assets acquired determined in accordance with the measurement guidance for such items is recognized as goodwill.
the estimates we use to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations, and we engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. the estimated fair values of customer-related and contract-based intangible assets are generally determined using the income approach, which is based on projected cash flows discounted to their present value using discount rates that consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash flows. the discount rates used represent a risk adjusted market participant weighted-average cost of capital, derived using customary market metrics. these measures of fair value also require considerable judgments about future events, including forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted customer attrition rates, contract renewal estimates and technology changes. acquired technologies are generally valued using the replacement cost method, which requires us to estimate the costs to construct an asset of equivalent utility at prices available at the time of the valuation analysis, with adjustments in value for physical deterioration and functional and economic obsolescence. trademarks and trade names are generally valued using the "relief-from-royalty" approach. this method assumes that trademarks and trade names have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. this method requires us to estimate the future revenues for the related asset, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted-average cost of capital. this measure of fair value requires considerable judgment about the value a market participant would be willing to pay in order to achieve the benefits associated with the trademark or trade name.
while we use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we make adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recognized in our consolidated statements of income. we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the period over which to recognize the amount of acquisition-related intangible assets as an expense. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate.
goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets are also regularly evaluated for impairment, which requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions as further described below. a change in estimated fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
goodwill we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually (in the fourth quarter) and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. we have the option of performing a qualitative assessment of impairment to determine whether any further quantitative assessment for impairment is necessary. the election of whether or not to perform a qualitative assessment is made annually and may vary by reporting unit. factors we consider in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test would be required.
when applying the quantitative assessment, we determine the fair value of our reporting units based on a weighted average of multiple valuation techniques, principally a combination of an income approach and a market approach. the income approach calculates a value based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows, while the market approach uses earnings multiples of similarly situated guideline public companies. determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions.
during the second quarter of 2022, the sustained decline in our share price and increases in discount rates, primarily resulting from increased economic uncertainty, indicated a potential decline in fair value and triggered a requirement to evaluate our issuer solutions and former business and consumer solutions reporting units for potential impairment as of june 30, 2022. furthermore, the estimated sales price for the consumer business portion of our former business and consumer solutions reporting unit also indicated a potential decline in fair value as of june 30, 2022. we determined on the basis of the quantitative assessment that the fair value of our issuer solutions reporting unit was still greater than its carrying amount, indicating no impairment. based on the quantitative assessment of our former business and consumer solutions reporting unit, including consideration of the consumer business disposal group and the remaining assets of the reporting unit, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $833.1 million in our consolidated statement of income during the three months ended june 30, 2022.
we regularly monitor any changes in the business and evaluate whether such changes affect the determination of our reporting units. during the third quarter of 2022, as a result of the pending divestiture of our consumer business and changes in how our business is managed, we realigned the businesses previously comprising our former business and consumer solutions segment to include the b2b portion within our issuer solutions segment and the consumer portion forming our consumer solutions segment. in connection with the change in presentation of segment information, the b2b portion of our former business and consumer solutions reporting unit was realigned into the issuer solutions reporting unit, including a reallocation of goodwill. during the second quarter of 2023, we completed the sale of our consumer business. in addition, during 2023, we realigned our reporting units based on organizational changes and the acquired operations of evo. there were no significant changes in the methodology used to assess goodwill for potential impairment during the year ended december 31, 2023.
as of october 1, 2023, our reporting units consisted of the following: north america payments solutions, vertical market software solutions, europe merchant solutions, spain merchant solutions, asia-pacific merchant solutions, latin america merchant solutions and issuer solutions. as of october 1, 2023, we performed a quantitative assessment of impairment for our issuer solutions, asia-pacific merchant solutions and latin america merchant solutions reporting units and a qualitative assessment for all other reporting units. we determined on the basis of the quantitative assessments of our issuer solutions, asia-pacific merchant solutions and latin america merchant solutions reporting units that the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than its respective carrying amount, indicating no impairment. additionally, we determined on the basis of the qualitative factors that the fair value of other reporting units was not more likely than not less than the respective carrying amounts. we believe that the fair value of each of our reporting units is substantially in excess of its carrying amount, except for our latin america merchant solutions reporting unit, which has smaller excess compared to the other reporting units since it was recently acquired in connection with the evo acquisition, and our issuer solutions reporting unit, whose fair value exceeded its carrying amount by approximately 4% as of october 1, 2023.
we continue to closely monitor developments related to global events and macroeconomic conditions. the future magnitude, duration and effects of these events and conditions are difficult to predict at this time, and it is reasonably possible that future developments could have a negative effect on the estimates and assumptions utilized in our goodwill impairment assessments and could result in material impairment charges in future periods.
intangible and long-lived assets we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets and finite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. when factors indicate that these long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible impairment, we assess the potential impairment by determining whether the carrying amount of such long-lived assets will be recovered through the future undiscounted cash flows expected from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. the evaluation is performed at the asset group level, which is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. if the carrying amount of the asset group is determined to be not recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized, measured as the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount. fair values are determined based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flow analysis as applicable.
as a result of actions taken during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 to reduce our facility footprint in certain markets around the world, we recognized charges of $6.0 million and $30.4 million, respectively, primarily related to certain lease right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and equipment to reduce the carrying amount of each asset group to estimated fair value.
we classify an asset or business as a held for sale disposal group if we have committed to a plan to sell the asset or business within one year and are actively marketing the asset or business in its current condition for a price that is reasonable in comparison to its estimated fair value. disposal groups held for sale are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. subsequent changes to the estimated selling price of an asset or disposal group held for sale are recognized as gains or losses in our consolidated statement of income and any subsequent gains are limited to the cumulative losses previously recognized. during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, we recognized net losses of $243.6 million and $71.9 million, respectively, on the consumer business disposition to reduce the carrying amount of the consumer disposal group to estimated fair value less costs to sell, including the effects of incremental negotiated closing adjustments, changes in the estimated fair value of the seller financing and the effects of the final tax structure of the transaction. in addition, we recognized a $106.9 million gain on the sale of the gaming business in our consolidated statement of income during the year ended december 31, 2023.
capitalization of internal-use software costs we develop software that is used in providing services to customers. capitalization of internal-use software costs, primarily associated with operating platforms, occurs when we have completed the preliminary project stage, management authorizes the project, management commits to funding the project, it is probable the project will be completed and the project will be used to perform the function intended. the preliminary project stage consists of the conceptual formulation of alternatives, the evaluation of alternatives, the determination of existence of needed technology and the final selection of alternatives. costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are recognized as expense as incurred. currently unforeseen circumstances in software development, such as a significant change in the manner in which the software is intended to be used, obsolescence or a significant reduction in revenues due to customer attrition, could require us to implement alternative plans with respect to a particular effort, which could result, and from time-to-time has resulted, in an impairment charge related to previously capitalized software development costs. the carrying amount of internal-use software, including work-in-progress, at december 31, 2023 was $1,080.7 million. costs capitalized during the year ended december 31, 2023 totaled $337.8 million.
in addition, we capitalize implementation costs associated with cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts following the same internal-use software capitalization criteria. our cloud computing arrangements involve services we use to support certain internal corporate functions as well as technology associated with revenue-generating activities. we regularly evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of the capitalized implementation costs may not be recoverable. as of december 31, 2023, capitalized implementation costs, net of accumulated amortization, were $206.5 million and are presented within other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets. costs capitalized during the year ended december 31, 2023 totaled $66.2 million.
there were no significant changes in the accounting methodology used for capitalization of internal-use software during the year ended december 31, 2023.
revenue recognition in accordance with accounting standards codification topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers ("asc 606"), we apply judgment in the determination of performance obligations, in particular related to large customer contracts within the issuer solutions segment. performance obligations in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. to the extent a contract includes multiple promised services, we must apply judgment to determine whether promised services are capable of being distinct and are distinct in the context of the contract. if these criteria are not met, the promised services are combined and accounted for as a single performance obligation. in addition, a single performance obligation may comprise a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.
income taxes we determine our provision for income taxes using management's judgments, estimates and interpretation and application of complex tax laws in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. such differences in timing result in deferred tax assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet.
we believe our tax return positions are fully supportable; however, we recognize the benefit for tax positions only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained based on its technical merits. issues raised by a tax authority may be resolved at an amount different than the related benefit recognized. when facts and circumstances change (including an effective settlement of an issue or statute of limitations expiration), the effect is recognized in the period of change. the unrecognized tax benefits that exist at december 31, 2023 would affect our provision for income taxes in the future, if recognized.
judgment is required to determine whether or not some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. to the extent that we determine that we will not realize the benefit of some or all of our deferred tax assets, these deferred tax assets are adjusted via a valuation allowance through our provision for income taxes in the period in which this determination is made.
see "note 12-income tax" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits and deferred tax valuation allowances during the year ended december 31, 2023.
redeemable noncontrolling interests redeemable noncontrolling interests in our subsidiaries in poland, greece, and chile relate to the portion of equity in each of those subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to us, which is redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within our control. the redeemable noncontrolling interest for each subsidiary is reflected at the higher of: (i) the initial carrying amount, increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interest's share of comprehensive income (loss), capital contributions and distributions or (ii) the redemption price. estimates of redemption price are based on projected operating performance of each subsidiary, including key assumptions - revenue growth rates, current and expected market conditions and weighted-average cost of capital. refer to "note 16-noncontrolling interests" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
effect of new accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted from time-to-time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the financial accounting standards board or other standards setting bodies that may affect our current and/or future financial statements. see "note 1-basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted.