item 1a.    risk factors you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating our company and our business. our future operating results involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k. factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed below, as well as those factors discussed elsewhere herein. any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, prospects, and stock price.
risks related to our business and industry because our business lines are highly attractive, they are also highly competitive. our failure to successfully execute certain strategies within this competitive environment could have a material negative impact on our future growth and profitability the companion animal healthcare industry is highly competitive, and we anticipate increasing levels of competition from both existing competitors and new sector entrants given our performance and the industry's strong growth and returns. our ability to maintain or enhance our growth rates and our profitability depends on our successful execution of many elements of our strategy, including:
•developing, manufacturing, and marketing innovative new or improved and cost competitive in-clinic laboratory analyzers that drive sales of idexx vetlab instruments, grow our installed base of instruments, and increase demand for related recurring sales of consumable products, services, and accessories;
•developing and introducing new or improved innovative diagnostic tests and services for both our reference laboratories and in-clinic applications that provide valuable medical information to our customers and effectively differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors;
•developing and introducing new or improved innovative, data-insightful software solutions that enable our veterinary customers to improve practice management and efficiency, staff productivity, and client communications and that increase the value to our veterinary customers of our other companion animal products and services by enhancing the integration of the information and transactions of these products and services and supporting the interpretation and management of diagnostic information derived from these products and services;
•maintaining premium pricing, including by effectively implementing price increases, for our products and services through, among other things, effective communication and promotion of the value of our products and services in an environment where many of our competitors promote, market, and sell lesser offerings at prices lower than ours;
•providing our veterinary customers with the medical and business tools, information, and resources that enable them to grow their practices and increase utilization of our diagnostic products and services, through increased pet visits, use of preventive care protocols, enhanced practice of real-time care, and improved practice efficiency;
•achieving cost improvements in our worldwide network of reference laboratories by implementing global best practices, including lean processing techniques, incorporating technological enhancements, including laboratory automation and a global laboratory information management system, employing purchasing strategies to maximize leverage of our global scale, increasing the leverage of existing infrastructure and consolidating testing in high volume laboratory hubs;
•achieving cost improvements in the manufacture and service of our in-clinic laboratory analyzers by employing the benefits of economies of scale in both negotiating supply contracts and leveraging manufacturing overhead, and by improving reliability of our instruments;
•continuing to expand, develop, and advance the productivity of our companion animal diagnostic sales, marketing, customer support, and logistics organizations in the u.s. and international regions in support of, among other things, our all-direct sales strategies;
•attracting, developing, and retaining key leadership and talent necessary to support all elements of our strategy;
•strengthening our sales and marketing activities to continue to grow our profitability both in and outside the u.s.;
•identifying, completing, and integrating acquisitions that enhance our existing businesses, create new businesses for us or expand the geographic areas in which we do business;
•continuing to incorporate ai, machine learning, and automation into our products and services and associated business processes, such as customer support and software development;
•developing and implementing new technology and licensing strategies; and
•continuing to effectively manage our growth and expansion on a global scale through, among other things, designing and implementing cost-effective improvements to our processes, procedures, and infrastructure.
if we are unsuccessful in implementing and executing on some or all of these strategies, our rate of growth or profitability may be negatively impacted.
our dependence on third-party suppliers could limit our ability to sell certain products or negatively affect our operating results we rely on third-party suppliers to provide components and raw materials (including biological materials) for our manufactured products, manufacture some of the products that we sell, and perform certain services, including package-delivery services. actions taken by third-party suppliers in operating their business, as well as any disruptions to their business operations (or their suppliers' business operations), could disrupt our supply chain or operations and materially negatively impact our ability to supply the market, substantially decrease sales, lead to higher costs, and damage our reputation with our customers. longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of our customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability.
our supply chain and our cost of goods also may be adversely impacted by unanticipated price increases due to factors such as inflation (including wage inflation), supply restrictions beyond our control or the control of our suppliers, or regulatory requirements regarding the importation, exportation, composition, or production processes of the goods or materials provided by our suppliers. if current suppliers fail to supply sufficient goods or materials that comply with applicable regulatory requirements to us on a timely basis, or at all, or are unable to comply with any due diligence requests that may be required pursuant to applicable law or regulation, we could experience inventory shortages and disruptions in our supply of goods or materials.
for examples of some of the events that could result in disruption to our supply chain or operations, and negatively impact our operating results, refer to "various u.s. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business," "we are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems, and a disruption of these systems or significant security breaches could adversely affect our business" and "factors and events beyond our control could disrupt our operations, supply chain, and logistics network and adversely affect our business" below.
in addition, we currently purchase many products, components, and materials from sole or single sources, such as ortho. some of these products are proprietary and, therefore, cannot be readily or easily replaced by alternative sources. these products, components, and materials are used in a majority of our instruments, including our catalyst dx, catalyst one, procyte dx, and procyte one analyzers; consumables and accessories used in our instruments; livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, dairy testing products; and water testing products. even if products, components, and materials were to become available to us from alternative suppliers, we likely would incur additional costs and delays in identifying or qualifying replacement materials, and there can be no assurance that replacements would be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. in certain cases, we may be required to obtain regulatory approval to use alternative suppliers, and this process of approval could delay production of our products or development of product candidates indefinitely.
we seek to mitigate sole and single-source suppliers risks on a risk-prioritized basis and in a variety of ways, including, when possible, by identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers, developing applicable in-house manufacturing capabilities and expertise, and entering into escrow arrangements for manufacturing information for certain single or sole-sourced products. we also seek to enter into long-term contracts that provide for an uninterrupted supply of products at predictable or fixed prices. however, there can be no assurance that we will successfully implement any of these mitigating activities or that, if implemented, any of them will be effective in preventing any delay or other disruption in our ability to supply our customers. in addition, suppliers may decline to enter into long-term contracts for any number of reasons, which would require us to purchase products, components, or raw materials via short-term contracts or on a purchase order basis. there can be no assurance that suppliers with which we do not have long-term contracts will continue to supply our requirements, will always fulfill their obligations under those contracts, or will not experience disruptions in their ability to supply our requirements. in cases where we purchase sole and single-source products, components, or raw materials under purchase orders, we are more susceptible to unanticipated cost increases or changes in other terms of supply. in addition, under some contracts with suppliers we have minimum purchase obligations, and our failure to satisfy those obligations may result in loss of some or all of our rights under these contracts or require us to compensate the supplier. if we are unable to obtain adequate quantities of products, components, or raw materials in the future from sole and single-source suppliers, or if such sole and single-source suppliers are unable to obtain the components or other materials required to manufacture the products, we may be unable to supply our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and damage our reputation, and any longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability.
our biologic products are complex and difficult to manufacture, which could negatively affect our ability to supply our customers many of our rapid assay, livestock and poultry diagnostic, water, and dairy products are biologic products that include biological materials, such as antibodies, cells, and sera. manufacturing biologic products is highly complex due to the inherent variability of biological materials and the difficulty of controlling the interactions of these materials with other components of the products, samples, and the environment. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate sources of biological materials or that we will be able to consistently manufacture biologic products that satisfy applicable product release criteria and regulatory requirements. further, products that meet release criteria at the time of manufacture may fall out of specification while in customer inventory, which could require us to incur expenses associated with recalling products and providing customers with new products, either of which could damage customer relations and our reputation. our inability to produce or obtain necessary biological materials or to successfully manufacture biologic products that incorporate such materials could result in our inability to supply our customers with these products, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and damage our reputation.
issues in the use of ai in our product offerings may result in reputational harm or liability we have built, and expect to continue to build, ai into many of our product and service offerings, and we expect this element of our business to grow. we envision a future in which responsible ai operating in our devices, applications, and the cloud, helps our customers be more productive in their business activities and interactions with consumers. as with many disruptive innovations, ai presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. ai algorithms and models may be flawed. datasets may be insufficient or contain information that is non-representative, infringing, or otherwise subject to legal challenge. potential government regulation related to ai use may also foreclose certain areas of ai use, cause us to modify how we use ai, and increase the burden and cost of research and development in this area, and failure to properly remediate ai usage issues may cause public confidence in ai to be undermined, which could slow adoption of ai in our offerings. the rapid evolution of ai will require the application of resources to develop, test, and maintain our products and services to help ensure that ai is implemented in a manner to minimize unintended, harmful impact and to comply with applicable law. furthermore, over the last year, there have been multiple class action lawsuits filed against large language model developers in the northern district of california, the southern district of new york, and the middle district of tennessee concerning alleged copyright and other intellectual property violations with respect to the information used to train ai models. the outcomes of these litigations may impair our ability to provide our ai technologies.
various u.s. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business as a global business, we sell products and services in more than 175 countries and operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. in the u.s., the manufacture and sale of certain of our products are regulated by federal agencies, such as the usda, the fda, and the epa. our diagnostic tests for animal health applications that involve the detection of infectious diseases, including most rapid assay canine and feline snap tests and livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, must be approved by the usda prior to sale in the u.s. our dairy testing products, as well as the manufacture and sale of our opti line of human point-of-care electrolytes and blood gas analyzers, require approval by the fda before they may be sold commercially in the u.s. the methods used by our water testing products must be approved by the epa, as a part of its water quality monitoring program, before they can be used by customers in the u.s. delays in obtaining regulatory approvals for new products or product upgrades could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability.
we are also subject to chemical regulation in the u.s., such as california's proposition 65, which requires businesses to provide warnings to california residents about significant risk of exposures to chemicals in products that are known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. in addition, governmental authorities in the u.s. are increasingly focused on preventing environmental contamination from per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("pfas"), which may be contained in certain idexx products. for example, current law in maine will require reporting of intentionally-added pfas in products beginning in january 2025, and the sale in maine of any product containing intentionally-added pfas will be prohibited after january 1, 2030 (subject to certain exceptions to be promulgated by the maine department of environmental protection). in addition, federal and state governments and agencies are in various stages of considering and/or implementing laws and regulations requiring the reporting, restriction and/or phase-out of pfas in products.
the manufacture, import, and sale of our products, as well as our research and development processes, are subject to similar and sometimes more stringent laws in many foreign countries. for example, the european union regulates the use of certain substances that we currently use in our products or processes. these regulations include, but are not limited to, the biocidal products regulation, which requires the use of approved biocides in our products prior to being manufactured, used, or sold in the european union; the european regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemical substances, or reach, which regulates and restricts the use of chemicals in the european union; the restriction of hazardous substances ("rohs") directive, which regulates and restricts certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment; the electromagnetic compatibility directive; and the waste electrical and electronic equipment directive. in addition, european union regulatory authorities and certain european countries are contemplating regulations to restrict and phase-out pfas.
compliance with these and similar laws, directives and regulations in the u.s. and abroad may require registration of the applicable substances, performance of due diligence across our supply chain and reporting thereon, and/or the redesign or reformulation of our products, and may reduce or eliminate the availability of certain parts and components used in our products and services or lead us to change our suppliers in the event our suppliers are unable to comply with our due diligence requests or the applicable regulations in a timely and cost-effective manner. in extreme situations, compliance with these laws, directives and regulations may require us to eliminate or discontinue the use of a part or component in one or more products, but the redesign or reformulation of such products without such parts or components may not be possible, or cause us to relocate the production of certain products. any redesign or reformulation, change in our suppliers, restrictions in our supply of parts and components, or relocation may negatively affect the availability or performance of our products and services, add testing lead-times for products and reformulated products, reduce our margins, result in additional costs, or have other similar effects. any inability to redesign or reformulate one or more of our products may preclude us from marketing and selling such products in the applicable regions. in addition, the costs to comply with these regulations may be significant. any of these could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. these legal and regulatory requirements are complex and subject to change, and we continue to evaluate their impact.
in addition, some foreign governments require us to register or certify our products before they can be distributed or sold, and these product registration requirements, which vary among the applicable jurisdictions and change from time to time, are often complex and require us to engage in lengthy and costly processes and provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. for example, compliance with extensive country-specific regulatory processes is required in connection with importing, marketing, and selling our diagnostic products in japan, germany, canada, brazil, the netherlands, china, and many other countries. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any product registration required by one or more foreign governments. any inability to obtain or maintain a required product registration in a jurisdiction could adversely affect our ability to market and sell the applicable product in that jurisdiction, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. there can also be no assurance that confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively impact our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. for more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, refer to "our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation" below.
there has been a recent focus on laws and regulations related to artificial intelligence, including the current u.s. presidential administration, the u.s. congress, and u.s. regulators, which cover, among other things, algorithm accountability, privacy, and transparency. for example, the biden administration issued an executive order aimed at establishing new standards for ai safety and security, privacy, consumer and employee protection and innovation and competition associated with the use of ai. further, use of artificial intelligence and machine learning may be subject to laws and evolving regulations regarding, among other things, data bias and anti-discrimination. for example, the federal trade commission ("ftc") enforces consumer protection laws such as section 5 of the ftc act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive practices. ai-related legislation has also been introduced in a number of u.s. state legislatures. in december 2023 the european parliament and council reached agreement on the european union artificial intelligence act, which will establish requirements for the provision and use of products that leverage artificial intelligence, machine learning, and similar technologies, and is expected to take effect in stages throughout 2025 and 2026. additionally, other countries have proposed legal frameworks to regulate artificial intelligence, which is a trend that may continue to increase. any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations governing our global business practices. for example, jurisdictions in which we operate prohibit bribery and corruption, anti-competitive behavior, and money laundering; impose trade compliance requirements and restrictions, such as prohibitions on doing business with certain entities or individuals; determine rules impacting the importation and exportation of our products; and regulate immigration and travel. these legal, regulatory, and sometimes politically motivated requirements differ among jurisdictions around the world and are rapidly changing and increasingly complex. the costs associated with compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements and adjusting to changing legal and political environments are significant and likely to increase in the future.
any failure by us to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, or to adjust to changing legal and political environments, could result in fines, penalties, and sanctions; product recalls; suspensions or discontinuations of, or limitations or restrictions on, our ability to design, manufacture, market, import, export or sell our products; and damage to our reputation. any of these could negatively impact our business.
our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation we believe our future success significantly depends on our ability to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing differentiated product and service offerings, to continue to incorporate ai, machine learning and automation into our products and services and associated business processes and to develop and introduce new and innovative differentiated products and services. as a result, we invest substantial funds and efforts into r&d, investigating new products and technologies being developed by third parties, and obtaining certain such new products and technologies through licenses or acquisitions. there can be no assurance that our r&d, licensing, or acquisition efforts will achieve expected results, when or whether any of our products or services now under development will be launched, or whether we may be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire new products or technologies or successfully incorporate ai capabilities into our products, services or associated business processes. we also cannot predict whether any product or service offering, once launched, will achieve market acceptance, or achieve sales and revenue consistent with our expectations.
we rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, trademark, and copyright laws to protect our proprietary rights. we also license patents and technologies from third parties to enable the use of third-party technologies in the development, production, and provision of our products and services. if we do not have adequate protection of our proprietary rights or are unable to license third-party patents and technologies on reasonable terms, our business may be adversely affected by competitors who utilize substantially equivalent technologies to compete with us.
we cannot ensure that we will obtain issued patents, that any patents issued or licensed to us will remain valid, or that any patents owned or licensed by us will provide protection against competitors with similar technologies. even if our patents cover products or services sold by our competitors, the time and expense of litigating to enforce our patent rights could be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, expiration of patent rights could result in substantial new competition for products or services previously covered by those patent rights.
in the past, we have received notices claiming that our products or services infringe third-party patents, and we may receive such notices in the future. patent litigation is complex and expensive, and the outcome of patent litigation can be difficult to predict. we cannot ensure that we will win a patent litigation case or negotiate an acceptable resolution of such a case. if we lose, we may be prohibited from selling certain products or services and/or we may be required to pay damages and/or ongoing royalties as a result of the lawsuit. any such result could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
increased competition from and technological advances by our competitors could negatively affect our operating results we face intense competition, and we expect that future competition will become even more intense as new products, services and technologies become available, the use of ai and machine learning expands, and new competitors enter the space. our competitors in the veterinary diagnostic sector in the united states and abroad include companies that develop, manufacture, and sell veterinary diagnostic tests and commercial veterinary reference laboratories, certain large and well-funded animal health pharmaceutical companies, as well as corporate hospital chains that operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals, such as vca inc., which is wholly owned by mars, incorporated, another operator of corporate hospital chains. consolidation among our competitors and our customers may intensify the competition we face. while we believe that our offerings are competitively differentiated due to our innovative products and services that offer an integrated, comprehensive diagnostic solution and the quality of our technical and customer service, there can be no assurance that increased consolidation among our competitors or customers (as well as any resulting reference laboratory vertical integration among our customers) would not have a negative impact on our ability to compete successfully. for more information regarding the risks presented by consolidation and reference laboratory vertical integration among our customers, refer to "consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business" below.
competition could negatively affect our sales and profitability in a number of ways. new competitors may emerge through the development of innovative new technology (such as the use of ai and machine learning), the acquisition of rights to use existing technologies or the use of existing technologies when patents protecting such existing technologies expire. new or existing competitors may introduce new, innovative, and competitive products and services more quickly, successfully and effectively, and these products and services could be superior, or be perceived by our customers to be superior, to our products and services or lead to the obsolescence of one or more of our products or services. business combinations and mergers among our competitors may result in competitors that are better positioned to create, market, and sell more compelling product and service offerings. while an important aspect of our strategy is to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing products and services (including through the incorporation of ai capabilities) and to develop and introduce new and innovative products and services, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop or introduce such products and services or that those products or services will be superior to our competitors' products or services or otherwise achieve customer acceptance. some of our competitors and potential competitors may choose to differentiate themselves by offering products and services perceived in the eyes of customers as similar, at substantially lower sales prices, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations through loss of sales and/or revenues or a decision to lower our own sales prices to remain competitive. in addition, our ability to attract and retain customers depends on the effectiveness of our customer marketing and incentive programs, and multiple competitors could bundle product and service offerings through co-marketing or other arrangements, which could enhance their ability to compete with our broad product and service offerings. certain of our competitors and potential competitors, including large diagnostic and pharmaceutical companies, also have substantially greater financial and managerial resources than us, as well as greater experience in manufacturing, marketing, research and development, and obtaining regulatory approvals than we do.
consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business veterinarians are our primary customers for our cag products and services, and the veterinary services industry in the u.s. and abroad has been consolidating at an accelerating rate in recent years. in the united states, the number of owners of veterinary hospitals has been declining, and an increasing percentage of veterinary hospitals are owned by corporations that are in the business of acquiring veterinary hospitals and/or opening new veterinary hospitals nationally or regionally. major corporate hospital owners in the u.s. include mars, incorporated (owner of banfield pet hospitals, blue pearl veterinary partners, and vca inc.), and national veterinary associates, and are joined by dozens of other consolidators. a similar trend exists in other regions such as canada, europe, australia, new zealand, china, and brazil. furthermore, an increasing percentage of individually owned veterinary hospitals in the u.s. are participating in buying consortiums. corporate owners of veterinary hospitals and buying consortiums often seek to improve profitability by leveraging the buying power they derive from their scale to obtain favorable pricing from suppliers, which could have a negative impact on our profitability and results of operations. while we have strong supplier relationships with several corporate hospital groups and buying consortiums, decisions by larger corporate owners and buying consortiums to shift their purchasing of products and services away from us and to a competitor would have a negative impact on our results of operations from the loss of future business. under these circumstances, we may receive customer contract resolution payments, which would generally be recorded in other operating income in the period received. nonetheless, the loss of future revenue may still be significant and adversely affect our future revenue growth rate and profitability. in addition, certain corporate owners also operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals. any hospitals acquired by these companies generally attempt to shift all or a large portion of their testing to the reference laboratories operated by these companies, and there can be no assurance that hospitals that otherwise become affiliated with these companies would not shift all or a portion of their testing to such reference laboratories. furthermore, because these companies compete with us in the reference laboratory services marketplace, hospitals acquired by these companies or those that establish other affiliations with these companies may cease to be customers or potential customers of our other companion animal products and services, which would cause our sales of these products and services to decline.
changes in testing patterns could negatively affect our operating results demand for our companion animal, livestock and poultry diagnostic tests and our dairy and water testing products could be negatively impacted by a number of factors impacting testing practices. the introduction or broad market acceptance of vaccines or preventatives for the diseases and conditions for which we sell diagnostic tests and services could result in a decline in testing. changes in accepted medical protocols regarding the diagnosis of certain diseases and conditions could have a similar effect. eradication or substantial declines in the prevalence of certain diseases also could lead to a decline in diagnostic testing for such diseases. our livestock and poultry products business in particular is subject to fluctuations resulting from changes in disease prevalence. the outbreak of certain diseases (such as african swine fever) among livestock or poultry, or the adverse impact of climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods), could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of such animals in the affected regions, reducing herd or flock sizes, which could reduce the demand for our testing products for such animals. changes in government regulations or in the availability of government funds available for monitoring programs could negatively affect sales of our products that are driven by compliance testing, such as our livestock and poultry, dairy and water products. in addition, changes and trends in local dairy, poultry, or other food sectors around the world could negatively affect the related production markets resulting in a decline in demand for our testing products. economic weakness may also reduce demand for our companion animal, water, livestock, poultry, and dairy products and services, and public health-related guidance and directives, including stay-at-home orders that may be deployed to combat public health issues, and severe weather conditions could result in a decrease in companion animal clinical visits, the delay of elective procedures and wellness visits and disruption of veterinary clinic operations, all of which would have a negative effect on veterinary service providers and result in declines in demand for our cag products and services. declines in testing for any reason, including the reasons described above, along with lost opportunities associated with a reduction in veterinary visits, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we sell many products through distributors, which presents risks that could negatively affect our operating results some of our international product sales occur through third-party distributors. as a result, we are dependent on these distributors to promote and create demand for our products. our distributors often offer products from several different companies, including our competitors, and may promote our competitors' products over our own products. we have limited ability, if any, to cause our distributors to devote adequate resources to promoting, marketing, selling, and supporting our products or to maintain certain inventory levels, and changes in our distributors' inventory levels, compared to comparable prior periods, could negatively impact our revenue growth rates. there can be no assurances made that we will be successful in maintaining and strengthening our relationships with our distributors or establishing relationships with new distributors who have the ability to market, sell, and support our products effectively. we may rely on one or more key distributors for a product or a region, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue. distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. while we maintain a rigorous distribution compliance program, violations of anti-corruption or similar laws by our distributors could have a material impact on our business and reputation, and any termination of a distributor relationship may result in increased competition in the applicable jurisdiction. failure to manage the risks associated with our use of distributors outside of the u.s. may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position, any of which could have a negative effect on our operating results.
general risks we depend on the efforts of key personnel and talent to succeed and compete effectively our continued success is substantially dependent on our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly capable, skilled, and diverse employees and leaders. as we continue to grow our business, expand our geographic scope, and develop and offer innovative, new products and services, we require an engaged, qualified workforce and the organizational talent necessary to ensure effective succession for our senior leadership and other key personnel. competition for experienced leaders and employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location, flexibility regarding virtual and hybrid work arrangements, work environment, corporate culture, and development opportunities. furthermore, a more competitive labor market has made it more difficult and costly to attract qualified labor, and prolonged shortages could adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives.
the loss of the services of, or our failure to recruit or develop and implement effective succession plans for, our senior leadership, other key personnel, and employees may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives, disrupt our operations, and adversely affect our business and our future success. in addition, even if we effectively develop and implement succession plans and make key leadership transitions, we cannot provide assurances as to whether we may experience management or other challenges in connection with any of those leadership transitions that could adversely affect our future success and could otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition.
we are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems, and a disruption of these systems or significant security breaches could adversely affect our business we rely on our information systems, as well as our third-party business partners' and suppliers' information systems, to provide access to our web-based products and services, keep financial records, analyze results of operations, process customer orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers, store confidential or proprietary information, and operate other critical functions. in addition, some of our products and services include information systems that collect and use data on behalf of customers (e.g., veterinary practice management systems and customer communication tools and services), and some of these products and services rely on third-party providers for cloud computing and storage. although we maintain security policies, employ system backup measures, and engage in redundancy planning and processes, such policies, measures, planning and processes, as well as our current disaster recovery plans, may be ineffective or inadequate to address all eventualities. further, our information systems and our business partners' and suppliers' information systems have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, attacks by hackers and other security breaches, including, among other things, computer viruses and malware, ransomware, denial of service actions, the compromise, misappropriation and/or unauthorized acquisition or disclosure of confidential or otherwise protected information and similar events through the internet (including via devices and applications connected to the internet), and through email attachments and persons with access to these information systems, such as our employees or third parties with whom we do business. the continued use of remote working and hybrid work-from-home arrangements may additionally result in some increased risk of attacks associated with a number of our employees accessing our data and systems remotely. in addition, security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cybersecurity attacks targeting u.s. organizations, such as idexx, and recent developments in the cyber threat landscape include the growing use of ai, which could enable or create more sophisticated cybersecurity attacks and increase the volume and frequency of attacks.
as information systems and the use of software and related applications by us, our business partners, suppliers, and customers become more cloud-based and connected to the "internet of things," which is inherently susceptible to cyberattacks, there has been an increase in global cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats, including more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks that pose a risk to the security of our information systems and networks and the security, confidentiality, availability and integrity of data and information. we process credit card payments electronically over secure networks and also offer products and services that connect to and are part of the "internet of things," such as our connected devices (e.g., idexx vetlab instruments). any such attack or breach could compromise our networks and the information stored thereon could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. while we have implemented network security and internal control measures, especially for the purpose of protecting our connected products and services from cyberattacks, and invested in our data and information technology infrastructure, these efforts have not always been successful in preventing, and there can be no assurance that these efforts will in the future prevent, a system disruption, attack, or security breach and, as such, there continues to be risk of system disruptions and security breaches from a cyberattack.
we, and some of our third-party vendors, have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past and will likely experience further attacks in the future, potentially with more frequency. to our knowledge, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to the company, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. we have adopted measures to mitigate potential risks associated with information technology disruptions and cybersecurity threats; however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions and the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, which vary in technique and sources, if we or our business partners or suppliers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach that impacts any of our critical functions, or our customers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach via any of our connected products and services, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational and/or productivity delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromise, misappropriation and/or unauthorized acquisition or disclosure of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses and additional costs from remedial actions, repairs to infrastructure, physical systems or data processing systems, increased cybersecurity and information technology protection costs, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business strategy, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. our customers and/or employees could also face negative consequences such as the compromise of sensitive or critical information or systems. furthermore, access to, public disclosure of, or other loss of data or information (including any of our confidential or proprietary information or personal data or information) as a result of an attack or security breach has given, and in the future may give, rise to notification obligations to individuals, regulators, customers, employees, and others, and could result in governmental actions or private claims or proceedings, any of which could damage our reputation, cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, damage our ability to develop (and protect our rights to) our differentiated technologies and have a material adverse effect on the company, our business strategy, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. for more information regarding personal data and information privacy and data protection risks, refer to "our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection" below.
factors and events beyond our control could disrupt our operations, supply chain, and logistics network and adversely affect our business our business and results of operations could be negatively affected by certain factors and events beyond our control, such as natural disasters, severe weather conditions and/or climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods); public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics); civil or military unrest; geopolitical conditions and developments; war, terrorism, armed conflict, or other man-made disasters (including cyberwar, cyberterrorism, or state-sponsored attacks); inflationary pressures, which may increase costs for materials and finished goods; adverse or uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including fears of a global economic downturn or recession; increases in wages that drive up prices; rising interest rates; workforce disruptions; labor shortages or stoppages; the imposition of regulations, trade protection measures, tariffs, duties, import/export restrictions, quotas or embargoes on key components; transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods; and the unavailability of raw materials. any of these events could result in, among other things, damage to or the temporary closure of one or more of our manufacturing or distribution facilities or reference laboratories (damage to one of our facilities or the manufacturing equipment we use could be costly and may require substantial lead-time to repair or replace); damage to or closure of one or more facilities of our third-party business partners or suppliers on which we rely; a temporary lack of an adequate work force in one or more markets; an interruption in power supply; a temporary or long-term disruption in our supply chain or logistics network (including a disruption to our ability to obtain critical components for the manufacture of our products); a temporary disruption in our ability to deliver (or delays in the delivery of) our products or services; and short- or long-term damage to our customers' businesses (which would adversely impact customer demand for our products and services). for our veterinary customers, these events may negatively affect the number of patient visits and elective procedures, and the volume of diagnostic utilization, and may otherwise disrupt clinical operations, which could adversely affect our revenues. for more information regarding the risks presented by disruption to our suppliers' operations and supply chain, refer to "our dependence on third-party suppliers could limit our ability to sell certain products or negatively affect our operating results" above.
we manufacture many of our significant companion animal products, including our rapid assay products and certain instruments and consumables, many of our water testing products and certain of our livestock, poultry, and dairy testing products in southern maine. certain of our companion animal products, as well as our human point-of-care products, are manufactured in roswell, georgia. we also manufacture certain of our livestock and poultry testing products in bern, switzerland and montpellier, france. in addition, we maintain major distribution facilities in north america and in the netherlands and reference laboratories in multiple locations, including memphis, tennessee; kornwestheim, germany; west sacramento, california; elmhurst, illinois; north grafton, massachusetts; brisbane, australia; markham, ontario; wetherby, u.k.; and tokyo, japan. interruption of operations at any of our facilities, including the ones described above, due to the occurrence of one or more of the events described above could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
while we maintain plans to continue business under such circumstances, there can be no assurance that such plans will be successful in fully or partially mitigating the effects of such events. we also maintain property and business interruption insurance to insure against the financial impact of certain events of this nature. however, this insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for the full amount of any losses that we may incur. in addition, such insurance will not compensate us for potential long-term competitive or reputational effects of being out of the market for the period of any interruption in operations.
since our business is global in nature, geopolitical risks and other risks associated with doing business internationally could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results for the year ended december 31, 2023, approximately 35% of our overall revenue and approximately 32%, 84% and 50% of our cag, lpd, and water revenues, respectively, were attributable to sales of products and services to customers outside the u.s. although we intend to continue to expand our international operations and business, we may not be able to successfully promote, market, import, export, sell, or distribute our products and services outside the u.s. various risks associated with foreign operations may impact our international sales and operations, including, but not limited to, disruptions in transportation of our products or our supply chain; fluctuations in oil prices; increased border protection and restriction on travel; the differing product and service needs of foreign customers; difficulties in building, staffing, and managing foreign operations (including a geographically dispersed workforce); differing protection of intellectual property; trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import/export restrictions, capital controls, tariffs, duties, and regulatory and licensing requirements; natural and other disasters; public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or the prospect of a pandemic); ongoing instability or changes in a country's or region's regulatory, economic, or political conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations, and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; geopolitical crises, including terrorism, war, armed conflict, or civil or military unrest; other unfavorable geopolitical conditions; security concerns; and local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices prohibited by the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations.
in addition, to market and sell many of our products outside the u.s., we are subject to product approval and registration requirements that often require us to provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. there can be no assurance that the confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies to comply with product approval and registration requirements may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively affect our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. we also may forgo marketing and selling some of our products in certain foreign jurisdictions due to the risk of intellectual property theft, which could negatively affect our ability to expand our international operations and business. for more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, refer to "our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation" above.
further, prices that we charge to foreign customers may be different than the prices we charge for the same products in the u.s. due to competitive, market or other factors, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. our results of operations are also susceptible to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. as a result, the mix of domestic and international sales in a particular period could have an adverse impact on our results of operations for that period.
climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operation we operate in many regions around the world where our businesses and the activities of our customers and suppliers could be disrupted by climate change. we are exposed to physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels), risks in transitioning to a low-carbon economy (such as additional legal or regulatory requirements, changes in technology, market risk and reputational risk) and social and human effects (such as harm to health and well-being) associated with climate change. these risks can be either acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term).
potential physical risks from climate change may include altered distribution and intensity of rainfall, prolonged droughts or flooding, increased frequency of wildfires and other natural disasters, rising sea levels, and a rising heat index, any of which could cause negative impacts to our and our customers' and suppliers' businesses. increased frequency and severity of extreme weather events could adversely impact our suppliers, manufacturing locations, logistics, and/or customers. such impacts may include losses incurred as a result of physical damage to facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption and disruption (e.g., decrease in companion animal clinical visits and diagnostic utilization). other potential physical impacts due to climate change include reduced access to high-quality water in certain regions and the loss of biodiversity, which could impact future product development. these risks could disrupt our operations and supply chain, which may result in increased costs, or adversely affect our revenues.
new legal or regulatory requirements may be enacted to prevent, mitigate, or adapt to the implications of a changing climate and its effects on the environment. these regulations, which may differ across jurisdictions, could result in our being subject to new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes, increased compliance costs, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, investment in new technologies, increased carbon disclosure and transparency, investments in developing data gathering and reporting systems, upgrade of facilities to meet new building codes, increased energy costs, and the redesign of utility systems, which could increase our operating costs. our supply chain would likely be subject to these same transitional risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to us, which may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require.
a weak worldwide economy, or economic weakness in any significant geography, could result in reduced demand for our products and services or increased customer credit risk a substantial percentage of our sales are made worldwide to the companion animal veterinary industry. demand for our companion animal diagnostic products and services is driven in part by the number of patient visits to veterinary hospitals and the practices of veterinarians with respect to the recommendations for diagnostic testing, as well as pet owner compliance with these recommendations. pet owners generally pay cash out of pocket for health care services for their pets from veterinary practices. economic weakness in any of our significant geographies could cause pet owners in those regions to forgo or defer visits to veterinary hospitals or affect their willingness to approve certain diagnostic tests, comply with a treatment plan or, even more fundamentally, continue to own a pet. in addition, concerns about the financial resources of pet owners could cause veterinarians to be less likely to recommend certain diagnostic tests, and concerns about the economy may cause veterinarians to defer purchasing capital items such as our instruments and systems. these conditions, if they continue, could result in a decrease in sales or decrease in sales growth, of diagnostic products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
demand for our water products is driven in part by the availability of funds at government laboratories, water utilities, and private certified laboratories that utilize our products. availability of funds also affects demand by government laboratories and cattle, swine and poultry producers that utilize our livestock and poultry diagnostic products, and by users of our human diagnostic products and services. economic weakness and the other factors described above have caused and could continue to cause our customers to reduce their investment in such testing, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
a weak economy may also cause deterioration in the financial condition of our distributors and customers, which could inhibit their ability to pay us amounts owed for products delivered or services provided in a timely fashion or at all.
we are subject to risks associated with public health issues, including pandemics, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations we are subject to risks associated with public health issues, including pandemics and other events beyond our control. public health issues and crises may adversely impact our operations, supply chain and logistics network if the locations where we operate, manufacture or distribute our products; where our raw materials or product components are sourced, manufactured or distributed; or where our third-party distributors, suppliers and other service providers operate, are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages for a sustained period of time. in addition, public health issues and crises may adversely impact our customers' businesses due to business lockdowns, decreased companion animal clinical visits, labor shortages, the delay of elective procedures and wellness visits, and disruption of veterinary clinic and other customer operations, all of which could cause a decline in demand for our products and services. these disruptions could also cause economic slowdowns or increased economic uncertainty.
a future public health issue, pandemic, or outbreak of covid-19 could lead to delays in the manufacturing and supply of products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. moreover, any future public health issue such as a resurgence in covid-19 infections, including due to new variants of the virus for which current vaccines may not be effective, could result in the imposition of new governmental restrictions, quarantine requirements or other measures to slow the spread of the virus, which could result in closures or other restrictions that significantly disrupt our operations or those of our third-party distributors, suppliers or other service providers, or otherwise adversely affect our customers' businesses or operations, or result in economic weakness or slowdowns in one or more of our key geographies, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition.
our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection the nature of our business involves the receipt, storage and use of information, including personal data, about our customers, pet owners, suppliers, and employees. we collect and use personal data in a variety of ways. we offer products and services that collect and use personal data, including veterinary practice management systems, online customer communication tools and services, vetconnect plus, and two-way integration technology. some of these products and services rely on third-party providers for cloud computing and storage. we also engage in e-commerce through various websites and collect contact and other personal data from our customers and website visitors. in addition, we transfer information, including personal data, among idexx, our subsidiaries and third parties with which we have commercial relations for business purposes. our collection, transfer, protection, security, retention, storage, disclosure, sharing and use of personal data described above are subject to expanding and increasingly complex laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad. in addition, these laws and regulations continue to develop and are subject to frequent revisions (and generally have become more stringent over time), are subject to differing interpretations, may be applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and could be deemed to be inconsistent with our current global privacy policy and data protection practices.
while we maintain a program to monitor, assess, and comply with applicable global data privacy laws, compliance with these evolving requirements can be costly, require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business or delay or impede the development and offering of innovative products and services. additionally, public perception and standards related to the privacy of personal data can shift rapidly, in ways that may affect our reputation or influence regulators in the u.s. and abroad to expand or adopt more stringent regulations and laws. examples of laws and regulations that have impacted and could, in the future, impact our business include (but are not limited to):
•the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act ("cpra"), as well as other similar u.s. state laws that may apply to our business operations within a respective state and/or a u.s. federal privacy law that may be passed in the future, all of which may have conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging.
•the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr") and similar requirements adopted by the united kingdom ("uk") following the uk's withdrawal from the european union ("eu") and the european economic area ("eea"), which impose stringent operational requirements for controllers and processors of personal data of individuals in the eea and uk.
•the china personal information protection law, the brazilian general data protection law, the south african protection of personal information act, the amendments to the japanese act on the protection of personal information, the new zealand privacy act, and the india digital personal data protection act.
an additional area of complexity concerns the restrictions on transfers of personal data from certain countries to others. for example, in july 2020 the court of justice of the european union ("cjeu") invalidated the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks, calling into question data transfers carried out under the european commission's ("ec") standard contractual clauses ("sccs"), which has created challenges for our transfer of personal data from the eea, eu, and/or switzerland to the u.s. and other third countries. although the ec adopted an adequacy decision for the newly-authorized eu-u.s. data privacy framework ("eu-u.s. dpf") administered by the u.s. department of commerce in july 2023 enabling u.s. companies who certify to the eu-u.s. dpf to rely on it as a valid data transfer mechanism, the adequacy decision is likely to face challenge, including at the cjeu. in july 2023, the swiss-u.s. data privacy framework ("swiss-u.s. dpf") went into effect, governing transfers of swiss personal data, and in october 2023, the uk extension to the eu-u.s. dpf came into force, to facilitate transfers of personal data from the uk to the u.s. we currently rely on a mixture of mechanisms to transfer certain personal data from the eea, switzerland, and the uk to the u.s. and other third countries including the eu-u.s. dpf, the swiss-u.s. dpf, and the uk extension to the eu-u.s. dpf. we expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international personal data transfers to continue. in particular, we expect the eu-u.s. dpf adequacy decision to be challenged and international transfers to the u.s. and to other jurisdictions more generally to continue to be subject to enhanced scrutiny by regulators. any transfers by us or our vendors of personal data are subject to potential regulatory scrutiny and may increase our exposure under the gdpr, uk gdpr, and similar laws which contain cross-border personal data transfer heightened requirements and restrictions (such as the new chinese government standard contract for cross-border personal data transfers).
any failure or perceived failure by us, the third parties with whom we work or our products and services to comply with all applicable privacy-related laws and regulations, as well as our contractual obligations, could result in damage to our reputation or legal proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, or security of personal data or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded and even if we are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, could damage our reputation and harm our business.
failure to meet environmental, social and governance ("esg") regulations, standards, or expectations or to achieve our esg goals or targets could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, or stock price u.s. and international regulators, as well as our investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders, are increasingly focused on esg matters, including climate-related issues; diversity, equity, and inclusion; human capital matters; and responsible sourcing, human rights, and supply chain. regulators in the u.s., europe, and elsewhere are considering or have proposed or adopted various laws, directives or regulations regarding esg matters, which include specific, target-driven disclosure requirements or obligations, including the eu corporate sustainability reporting directive and the proposed eu corporate sustainability due diligence directive. furthermore, our investors, customers and other stakeholders have additional (and sometimes different) esg expectations for companies such as idexx. meeting these emerging and evolving regulations, standards and expectations will require us to make investments, incur compliance costs and create new practices, processes, and procedures. in addition, if we fail to comply with applicable esg regulations, or our esg practices do not meet evolving investor, customer or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, our relationships with some customers, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror or product or service provider could be negatively impacted, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, or stock price.
we have publicly established certain esg goals and targets aligned with our business strategy. our ability to achieve any esg goal or target is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control and depend in part on third-party performance or data, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve them. our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals and targets on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities.
future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities the nature of our global operations subjects us to local, state, regional and federal tax laws in jurisdictions around the world. our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. specifically, many jurisdictions have committed to adopting the organisation for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") pillar two global minimum tax. pillar two is designed to ensure large multinational enterprises pay a minimum effective tax of at least 15% on income in each jurisdiction. as of december 31, 2023, various countries have enacted aspects of pillar two while committing to enact additional aspects in future years. while we do not expect these rules to have a material impact on our effective tax rate, we continue to monitor these initiatives on a global basis.
while we have taken, and may take further, actions intended to align our corporate structure and intercompany relationships with supporting our growth in international geographies and maintaining operational and tax efficiency and continue to consider all of these developments within our overall tax strategy, changes in tax law in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate or have a presence may materially and adversely impact our income tax liability, provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and results of operation, and there can be no assurance that any actions we take to maintain operational and tax efficiency will effectively mitigate these impacts. moreover, these actions may increase our operating costs, and if ineffectual, could increase our income tax liabilities and our global effective tax rate.
our income tax filings are subject to examination by various tax authorities, and the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. we regularly assess our exposures related to our worldwide provision for income taxes to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. any reduction in these contingent liabilities or additional assessments would increase or decrease income, respectively, in the period such determination is made. if the ultimate determination of taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar has a negative effect on our business we are a global business, with 35% of our revenue during the year ended december 31, 2023, attributable to sales of products and services to customers outside of the u.s. any strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies, and in particular the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi, japanese yen, australian dollar and brazilian real, adversely affects our results, as it reduces the dollar value of sales and profits that are made in those currencies. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar has a greater adverse effect on the profits from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars that are exported to international geographies and a lesser effect on profits from foreign sourced products and services due to a natural hedge from international expenses denominated in the corresponding foreign currencies.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, approximately 21% of our consolidated revenue was derived from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars and sold internationally in local currencies, compared to 21% for the year ended december 31, 2022, and 23% for the year ended december 31, 2021. a strengthening u.s. dollar could also negatively impact the ability of customers outside the u.s. to pay for purchases denominated in u.s. dollars as well as affect our overall competitiveness in international geographies. the accumulated impacts from any continued, longer-term growth in the value of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our operating results. refer to "part ii, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding currency impact.
our foreign currency hedging activities (refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 19. hedging instruments" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements), which are designed to minimize and delay, but not to eliminate, the effects of foreign currency fluctuations, may not sufficiently offset the adverse financial effect of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates on our financial results over the limited time the hedges are in place. in addition, our hedging activities involve costs and risks, such as transactions costs and the risk that our hedging counterparties will default on their obligations.
we primarily hedge intercompany product purchases and sales denominated in the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, japanese yen, and australian dollar. other foreign currency exposures related to foreign sourced services and emerging markets may not be practical to hedge. in certain cases, these exposures are not offset by foreign currency denominated costs. as we primarily use foreign currency exchange contracts with durations of less than 24 months and enter into contracts to hedge incremental portions of anticipated foreign currency transactions on a quarterly basis for the current and following year, the effectiveness of our foreign currency hedging activities to offset longer-term appreciation in the value of the u.s. dollar against non-u.s. currencies may be limited. factors that could affect the effectiveness of our hedging activities include accuracy of sales and other forecasts, volatility of currency markets, and the cost and availability of hedging instruments. since our hedging activities are designed to minimize volatility, they not only temporarily reduce the negative impact of a stronger u.s. dollar, but they also temporarily reduce the positive impact of a weaker u.s. dollar. our future financial results could be significantly affected by a strengthening value of the u.s. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business. the degree to which our financial results are affected for any given time period will depend in part upon our hedging activities.
restrictions in our debt agreements or our inability to obtain financing on favorable terms may increase our cost of borrowing and limit our activities our ability to make scheduled payments and satisfy our other obligations under our credit facility and senior notes depends on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flows to meet these obligations or generate sufficient levels of earnings to satisfy the applicable affirmative, negative, and financial covenants. our failure to comply with these covenants and the other terms of the credit facility and senior notes could result in an event of default and acceleration of our obligations under these agreements, which may require us to seek additional financing or restructure existing debt on unfavorable terms. in addition, adverse changes in credit markets could increase our cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for us to obtain financing, which could limit our ability to execute certain strategies and have an adverse effect on our revenue growth and profitability.
our senior notes include provisions which stipulate a prepayment penalty for which we will be obligated in the event that we elect to repay the notes prior to their stated maturity dates. should we elect to repay some or all of the outstanding principal balance on our senior notes, the prepayment penalty we incur could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we fund our operations, capital purchase requirements and strategic growth needs through cash on hand, funds generated from operations, amounts available under our credit facility and senior note financings. if we are unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, we could face restrictions that would limit our ability to execute certain strategies, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue growth and profitability.
borrowings under our credit facility bear interest at variable rates, including rates based on the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"), exposing us to interest rate risk. the recent rise in interest rates has increased our cost of borrowing. if interest rates were to continue to increase, our debt service obligations under our variable-rate credit facility would increase even if the principal amount borrowed remained the same.
risks related to an investment in our securities fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results may cause our stock price to decline our prior operating results have fluctuated due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including seasonality of certain product lines; changes in our accounting estimates; the impact of acquisitions; timing of distributor purchases, product launches, operating expenditures, and customer marketing and incentive programs; changes in the number and type of competitors and their product and service offerings; changes in our sales and distribution model; changes in the economy affecting consumer spending; and other matters. similarly, our future operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year due to these and other factors. if our operating results or projections of future operating results do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in future periods, our stock price may fall.
the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid the trading price of our common stock may be volatile. securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as other general economic, market, or political conditions, could reduce the market price of our common stock rapidly and unexpectedly, in spite of our operating performance. factors that may impact the market price of our common stock include the factors described in this "risk factors" section and elsewhere in this form 10-k, as well as:
•our stock repurchase program and changes in our capital structure or cost of capital, including the issuance of additional debt;
•public announcements (including the timing of these announcements) regarding our business, financial performance and prospects or new products or services, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us;
•trading activity in our stock, including portfolio transactions in our stock by us, our executive officers and directors, and significant stockholders; trading activity that results from the ordinary course rebalancing of stock indices in which we may be included, such as the s&p 500 index; trading activity related to our inclusion in, or removal from, any stock indices; and short interest in our common stock, which could be significant from time to time;
•investor perception of us and the industry and sectors in which we operate, including changes in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by securities analysts; and whether or not we meet earnings estimates of securities analysts who follow us; and
•general financial, domestic, international, economic, and market conditions, including overall fluctuations in the u.s. equity and credit markets, which may experience extreme volatility that, in some cases, is unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report on form 10‐k. the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the year ended december 31, 2021, and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021, is included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, within item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and is incorporated by reference herein.
we have included certain terms and abbreviations used throughout this annual report on form 10-k in the "glossary of terms and selected abbreviations."
description of business segments. we operate primarily through three business segments: diagnostic and information management-based products and services for the companion animal veterinary industry, which we refer to as the companion animal group ("cag"); water quality products ("water"); and diagnostic products and services for livestock and poultry health and to ensure the quality and safety of milk and improve producer efficiency, which we refer to as livestock, poultry and dairy ("lpd"). our other operating segment combines and presents our human medical diagnostic products and services business ("opti medical") with our out-licensing arrangements because they do not meet the quantitative or qualitative thresholds for reportable segments. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 3. revenue and note 17. segment reporting" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2023, included in this annual report on form 10-k for financial information about our segments, including our product and service categories, and our geographic areas.
the following is a discussion of the strategic and operating factors that we believe have the most significant effect on the performance of our business.
companion animal group our strategy is to provide veterinarians with the highest quality diagnostic information, software products and services, and medical evidence to support more advanced medical care and information management solutions that help demonstrate the value of diagnostics to pet owners and enable efficient and effective practice management. by doing so, we are able to build a mutually successful relationship with our veterinarian customers based on healthy pets, loyal customers, staff efficiency, and expanding practice revenues.
cag diagnostics. we provide diagnostic capabilities that meet veterinarians' diverse needs through a variety of modalities including in-clinic diagnostic solutions and outside reference laboratory services. veterinarians that utilize our full line of diagnostic modalities obtain a single view of a patient's diagnostic results, which allows them to track and evaluate trends and achieve greater medical insight.
our diagnostic capabilities generate both recurring and non-recurring revenues. revenues related to capital placements of our in-clinic idexx vetlab suite of instruments and our snap pro analyzer are non-recurring in nature in that they are sold to a particular customer only once. revenues from the associated idexx vetlab consumables, snap rapid assay test kits, reference laboratory and consulting services, and extended maintenance agreements and accessories related to our idexx vetlab instruments, and our snap pro analyzer are recurring in nature, in that they are regularly purchased by our customers, typically as they perform diagnostic testing as part of ongoing veterinary care services. our recurring revenues, most prominently idexx vetlab consumables and rapid assay test kits, have significantly higher gross margins than those provided by our instrument sales. therefore, the sales mix of recurring and non-recurring revenues in a particular period will impact our gross margins.
diagnostic capital revenue. revenues related to the placement of the idexx vetlab suite of instruments are non-recurring in nature, in that the customer will buy an instrument once over its respective product life cycle, but will purchase consumables for that instrument on a recurring basis as they use that instrument for diagnostic testing purposes. many instruments are placed through our customer commitment arrangements in exchange for multi-year customer commitments to purchase recurring products and services.
below is a table showing active installed base units of our premium diagnostic instruments as of the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021:
our long-term success in the continuing growth of our cag recurring diagnostic products and services is dependent upon: growing volumes at existing customers by increasing their utilization of existing and new test offerings, acquiring new customers, maintaining high customer loyalty and retention, and realizing annual price increases based on our differentiated products and the growing value of our diagnostic offering. we continuously seek opportunities to enhance the care that veterinary professionals give to their patients and clients through supporting the implementation of real-time care testing workflows, which is performing tests and sharing test results with the client at the time of the patient visit. our latest generation of chemistry, hematology, and urinalysis instruments demonstrates this commitment by offering enhanced ease of use, faster time to results, broader test menu and connectivity to various information technology platforms that enhance the value of the diagnostic information generated by the instruments. in addition, we provide marketing tools and customer support that help drive efficiencies in veterinary practice processes and allow practices to increase the number of clients they see on a daily basis.
with all of our instrument product lines, we seek to differentiate our products from our competitors' products based on time-to-result, ease-of-use, throughput, breadth of diagnostic menu, flexibility of menu selection, accuracy, reliability, ability to handle compromised samples, analytical capability of diagnostics software, integration with the ivls and vetconnect plus, client communications capabilities, education and training, and superior sales and customer service. our success depends, in part, on our ability to differentiate our products in a way that justifies a premium price.
recurring diagnostic revenue. revenues from our idexx vetlab consumable products, our snap rapid assay test kits, outside reference laboratory and consulting services, and extended maintenance agreements and accessories related to our cag diagnostics instruments are considered recurring in nature. for the year ended december 31, 2023, recurring diagnostic revenue, which is both highly durable and profitable, accounted for approximately 80% of our consolidated revenue.
our in-clinic diagnostic solutions, consisting of our idexx vetlab consumable products and snap rapid assay test kits, provide real-time reference lab quality diagnostic results for a variety of companion animal diseases and health conditions. our outside reference laboratories provide veterinarians with the benefits of a more comprehensive list of diagnostic tests and access to consultations with board-certified veterinary specialists and pathologists, combined with the benefit of same-day or next-day turnaround times.
we derive substantial revenues and margins from the sale of consumables that are used in idexx vetlab instruments, and the multi-year consumable revenue stream is significantly more valuable than the placement of the instrument. our strategy is to increase diagnostic testing within veterinary practices by placing idexx vetlab instruments and increasing instrument utilization of consumables. utilization can increase due to a greater number of patient samples being run or to an increase in the number of tests being run per patient sample. our strategy is to increase both drivers. to increase utilization, we seek to educate veterinarians about best medical practices that emphasize the importance of chemistry, hematology, and urinalysis testing for a variety of diagnostic purposes, as well as by introducing new testing capabilities that were previously not available to veterinarians.
our in-clinic diagnostic solutions also include snap rapid assay tests that address important medical needs for particular diseases prevalent in the companion animal population. we seek to differentiate these tests from those of other in-clinic test providers and reference laboratory diagnostic service providers based on critically important sensitivity and specificity, as demonstrated by peer-reviewed third-party research, as well as overall superior performance and ease of use by providing our customers with combination tests that test a single sample for up to six diseases at once, including the ability to utilize our snap pro analyzer. we further augment our product development and customer service efforts with sales and marketing programs that enhance medical awareness and understanding regarding certain diseases and the importance of diagnostic testing.
the prevalence of in-clinic testing, as opposed to outside reference laboratories such as idexx reference laboratories, may vary by region. we attempt to differentiate our reference laboratory testing services from those of competitive reference laboratories and competitive in-clinic offerings primarily on the basis of a differentiated test menu, technology employed, quality, turnaround time, customer service and tools such as vetconnect plus that demonstrate the complementary manner in which our laboratory services work with our in-clinic offerings.
profitability in our lab business is supported, in part, by our expanding business scale globally. profit improvements also reflect benefits from price increases and our ability to achieve operational efficiencies. when possible, we utilize core reference laboratories to service samples from other states or countries, expanding our customer reach without an associated expansion in our reference laboratory footprint. new laboratories may operate at a loss until testing volumes achieve sufficient scale. acquired laboratories frequently operate less profitably than our existing laboratories and acquired laboratories may not achieve the profitability of our existing laboratory network for several years until we complete the implementation of operating improvements and efficiencies. therefore, in the short term, new and acquired reference laboratories generally may have a negative effect on our operating margin.
recurring reference lab revenue growth is achieved both through increased testing volumes with existing customers and through the acquisition of new customers, net of customer losses. we believe the increased number of customer visits by our sales professionals as a result of the growth in our field sales organization has led to increased reference laboratory opportunities with customers who already use one of our in-clinic diagnostic modalities. recurring reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting revenues have also increased as a result of our customer commitment arrangements, and customer gains from reference laboratory acquisitions, customer list acquisitions, and the opening of new reference laboratories, including laboratories that are co-located with large practice customers.
veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems. our portfolio of practice management offerings is designed to serve the full range of customers primarily within the north american, australian, new zealand, and european regions. cornerstone, ezyvet, animana, idexx neo, and dvmax practice management systems provide integrated information solutions, backed by customer support and education. these practice management systems support the veterinarian's ability to practice better medicine and achieve the practice's business objectives, including a quality client experience, staff efficiency and practice effectiveness and profitability. we market cornerstone, ezyvet, idexx neo, and dvmax practice management systems to customers primarily in north america, australia, and new zealand. we market our animana offering to customers primarily throughout europe.
our diagnostic imaging systems offer a convenient radiographic solution that provides superior image quality and the ability to share images with clients virtually anywhere. idexx imaging software enables enhanced diagnostic features and streamlined integration with our other products and services. our digital radiography systems enable low-dose radiation image capture without sacrificing clear, high-quality diagnostic images, reducing the risk posed by excess radiation exposure for veterinary professionals.
recurring revenue. animana, ezyvet, and idexx neo practice management systems are subscription-based saas offerings designed to provide flexible pricing and a durable, recurring revenue stream, while utilizing cloud technology instead of a client server platform. while we continue to support our licensed-based cornerstone and dvmax software, we are growing our installed base of subscription-based practice management offerings for new customers of idexx practice management systems. our cornerstone and dvmax customer base continues to be an important driver of growth through diagnostic integrations and add-on subscription services, such as pet health network pro, petly plans, and credit card processing, and we continue to make investments to enhance the customer experience of all of our license-based software offerings. we also offer rvetlink, a comprehensive referral management solution for specialty care hospitals that streamlines the referral process between primary care and specialty care veterinarians. rvetlink's cloud technology integrates with major specialty hospital management systems, including cornerstone software and dvmax software. our large practice management systems installed base provides access to veterinary channel transaction activity, enabling a syndicated data offering.
with our smartflow and vet radar cloud technology, we are able to improve overall patient management through coordination and tracking of every step in a patient workflow. pet health network pro online client communication and education service complements the entire idexx product offering by educating pet owners and building loyalty through engaging the pet owner before, during and after the visit, thereby building client loyalty and driving more patient visits.
placements of imaging systems are important to the growth of revenue streams that are recurring in nature, including extended maintenance agreements and idexx web pacs, which is our cloud-based saas offering for viewing, accessing, storing, and sharing multi-modality diagnostic images. we derive relatively higher margins from our subscription-based products. idexx web pacs is integrated with cornerstone, ezyvet, idexx neo, dvmax, and idexx vetconnect plus to provide centralized access to diagnostic imaging results alongside patient diagnostic results from any internet connected device.
systems and hardware. we differentiate our practice management systems through enhanced functionality, ease of use, and embedded integration with in-clinic idexx vetlab instruments and outside reference laboratory test results. software, hardware, and integrated services that run key functions of veterinary clinics, including managing patient electronic health records, scheduling, client communication, billing, and inventory management. we also provide installation and advisory services associated with our systems and hardware placements.
our diagnostic imaging systems capture radiographic images in digital form, replacing traditional x-ray film and the film development process, which generally requires the use of hazardous chemicals and darkrooms. we market and sell two diagnostic imaging systems primarily used in small animal veterinary applications: the idexx imagevue dr50 and the idexx imagevue dr30.
water our strategy in the water testing business is to develop, manufacture, market and sell products that test primarily for the presence of microbial contamination in water matrices, including drinking water supplies, with superior performance, supported by exceptional customer service. our customers primarily consist of water utilities, government laboratories and private certified laboratories that highly value strong relationships and customer support. we expect that future growth in this business will be partially dependent on our ability to increase international sales. growth also will be dependent on our ability to enhance and broaden our product line. most water microbiological testing is driven by regulation, and, in many countries, a test may not be used for compliance testing unless it has been approved by the applicable regulatory body and integrated into customers' testing protocols. as a result, we maintain an active regulatory program that involves applying for a growing number of regulatory approvals in a number of countries, primarily in europe. further, we seek to receive regulatory approvals from governing agencies as a means to differentiate our products from the competition.
livestock, poultry and dairy we develop, manufacture, market, and sell a broad range of tests and perform services for various livestock diseases and conditions, and have active research and development and in-licensing programs in this area. our strategy is to offer differentiated tests with superior performance characteristics for use in government programs to control or eradicate disease and disease outbreaks and in livestock and poultry producers' disease, reproductive, and herd health and production management programs. our alertys ruminant pregnancy test, rapid visual pregnancy test and alertys on-farm pregnancy test for cattle can detect pregnancy 28 days after breeding. these tests provide a quick and accurate identifier using whole blood samples.
disease outbreaks are episodic and unpredictable, and certain diseases that are prevalent at one time may be substantially contained or eradicated at a later time. in response to outbreaks, testing initiatives may lead to exceptional demand for certain products in certain periods. conversely, successful eradication programs may result in significantly decreased demand for certain products. in addition, increases in government funding may lead to increased demand for certain products and budgetary constraints may lead to decreased demand for certain products. as a result, the performance in certain sectors of this business can fluctuate.
our strategy in the dairy testing business is to develop, manufacture and sell antibiotic residue and contaminant testing products that satisfy applicable regulatory requirements or dairy processor standards for testing of milk and provide reliable field performance. the manufacture of these testing products leverages the snap platform and production assets that also support our rapid assay business, which also leverages the snap platform. the dairy snap products incorporate customized reagents for antibiotic and contaminant detection.
other opti medical. our strategy in the opti medical business for the human market is to develop, manufacture, and sell electrolyte and blood gas analyzers, and related consumable products for the medical point-of-care diagnostics sector worldwide, with a focus on small to mid-sized hospitals. we seek to differentiate our products based on ease of use, convenience, international distribution and service and instrument reliability. similar to our veterinary instruments and consumables strategy, a substantial portion of the revenues from this product line is derived from the sale of consumables for use on the installed base of electrolyte and blood gas analyzers.
beginning in 2020, with the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, we provided human testing solutions for the detection of sars-cov-2, the virus that causes covid-19. during the first quarter of 2023, we discontinued actively marketing our covid-19 testing products and services.
our facility in roswell, georgia develops and manufactures the opti product lines using the same or similar technology to support the electrolyte requirements of certain cag products. we leverage this facility's know-how, intellectual property, and manufacturing capability to continue to expand the menu and instrument capability of the vetstat and catalyst platforms for veterinary applications, while reducing our cost of consumables by leveraging experience and economies of scale.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for a description of the significant accounting policies used in preparation of these consolidated financial statements.
we believe the following critical accounting estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on reported financial condition and operating performance and involve significant levels of judgment to account for highly uncertain matters or are susceptible to significant change.
revenue recognition refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 3. revenue" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2023, included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our revenue recognition policy and criteria for recognizing revenue.
we enter into contracts where customers purchase combinations of idexx products and services. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately requires judgment. we determine the transaction price for a contract based on the total consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the transferred goods or services. to the extent the transaction price includes variable consideration, such as volume rebates or expected price adjustments, we apply judgment in constraining the estimated variable consideration due to factors that may cause reversal of revenue recognized. we evaluate constraints based on our historical and projected experience with similar customer contracts.
we allocate revenue to each performance obligation in proportion to the relative standalone selling prices and recognize revenue when control of the related goods or services is transferred for each obligation. we utilize the observable standalone selling price when available, which represents the price charged for the promised product or service when sold separately. when standalone selling prices for our products or services are not directly observable, we determine the standalone selling prices using relevant information available and apply suitable estimation methods including, but not limited to, the cost plus a margin approach.
our customer commitment arrangements that include free or discounted instruments and systems, such as our idexx 360 program, provide customers with free or discounted instruments or systems upon entering into multi-year arrangements to purchase annual minimum amounts of products and services. we allocate total consideration, including future committed purchases and expected price adjustments, based on relative standalone selling prices, to identified performance obligations and recognize instrument revenue and cost at the time of installation and customer acceptance in advance of billing the customer, which is also when the customer obtains control of the instrument based on legal title transfer. our right to future consideration related to instrument revenue is recorded as a contract asset within other current and long-term assets. the contract asset is transferred to accounts receivable when customers are billed for products and services over the term of the arrangement. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases and expected price adjustments related to these multi-year arrangements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition during the term of the customer arrangement, and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced contract assets and cumulative recognized revenue related to these programs by approximately $5.5 million at december 31, 2023.
our customer commitment arrangements that include up-front consideration paid to customers provide customers with incentives in the form of idexx points or, from time to time, cash, upon entering into multi-year arrangements to purchase annual minimum amounts of future products or services. if a customer breaches their agreement, they are required to refund all or a portion of the up-front consideration, or make other repayments, remedial actions, or both. up-front incentives to customers are not made in exchange for distinct goods or services and are capitalized as consideration paid to customers (previously referred to as "customer acquisition costs") within other current and long-term assets, which are subsequently recognized as a reduction to revenue over the term of the customer arrangement. if these up-front incentives are subsequently utilized to purchase instruments, we allocate total consideration, including future committed purchases less up-front incentives and estimates of expected price adjustments, based on relative standalone selling prices, to identified performance obligations and recognize instrument revenue and cost at the time of installation and customer acceptance. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases and expected price adjustments related to these multi-year arrangements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition during the term of the customer arrangement, and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced cumulative recognized revenue related to these programs by approximately $1.3 million at december 31, 2023.
our rebate arrangements provide customers the opportunity to earn future rebates based on the volume of products and services they purchase over the term of the arrangement. we account for the customer's right to earn rebates on future purchases as a separate performance obligation and determine the standalone selling price based on an estimate of rebates the customer will earn over the term of the program. total consideration allocated to identified performance obligations is limited to goods and services that the customer is presently obligated to purchase and does not include estimates of future purchases that are optional. we allocate total consideration to identified performance obligations, including the customer's right to earn rebates on future purchases, which is deferred and subsequently recognized upon the purchase of products and services, partly offsetting rebates as they are earned. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer rebates related to these multi-year arrangements. differences between estimated and actual customer rebates may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition during the term of the customer arrangement, and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced deferred revenue and cumulative recognized revenue related to these programs by approximately $0.1 million at december 31, 2023.
future market conditions and changes in product offerings may cause us to change marketing strategies to increase or decrease customer incentive offerings, possibly resulting in incremental reductions of revenue in future periods compared to reductions in the current or prior periods. additionally, certain customer arrangements require us to estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases, customer rebates and other incentive payments, and price adjustments related to multi-year arrangements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition as described above.
income taxes the provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. under this approach, deferred taxes represent the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between book and tax treatment of assets and liabilities and carryforwards to the extent they are realizable.
we assess our current and projected earnings by jurisdiction to determine whether or not our earnings during the periods when the temporary differences become deductible will be sufficient to realize the related future tax benefits. should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in a particular jurisdiction in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made.
for those jurisdictions where tax carryforwards are likely to expire unused or the projected operating results indicate that realization is not more likely than not, a valuation allowance is recorded to offset the deferred tax asset within that jurisdiction. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event that we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount, a reduction of the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made. likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future, a reduction to the deferred tax asset would be charged against income in the period such determination was made.
our net taxable temporary differences and tax carryforwards are recorded using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax liability or asset is expected to be settled or realized. should the expected applicable tax rates change in the future, an adjustment to our deferred taxes would be credited or charged, as appropriate, to income in the period such determination was made.
we periodically assess our exposures related to our worldwide provision for income taxes and believe that we have appropriately accrued taxes for contingencies. any reduction of these contingent liabilities or additional assessment would increase or decrease income, respectively, in the period such determination was made.
we record a liability for uncertain tax positions that do not meet the more likely than not standard as prescribed by the authoritative guidance for income tax accounting. we record tax benefits for only those positions that we believe will more likely than not be sustained. for positions that we believe that it is more likely than not that we will prevail, we record a benefit considering the amounts and probabilities that could be realized upon ultimate settlement. if our judgment as to the likely resolution of the uncertainty changes, if the uncertainty is ultimately settled or if the statute of limitation related to the uncertainty expires, the effects of the change would be recognized in the period in which the change, resolution or expiration occurs. our net liability for uncertain tax positions was $25.0 million as of december 31, 2023, and $25.8 million as of december 31, 2022, which includes estimated interest expense and penalties. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 14. income taxes" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 2. summary of significant accounting policies (v) and (w)" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2023, included in this annual report on form 10-k for a complete discussion of recent accounting pronouncements adopted and not adopted.
results of operations and trends effects of certain factors on results of operations cag trends. global trends in companion animal healthcare, including growth in demand for clinical services, continue to support solid growth for companion animal diagnostic products and services across regions. in the u.s., average diagnostics revenue per practice grew approximately 8% on a same-store basis during 2023, faster than approximately 6% growth in overall clinic revenues. u.s. same-store clinical visits at veterinary practices declined approximately 0.5% in 2023, impacted by ongoing veterinary practice productivity and capacity constraints. our products and services include solutions that help improve staff productivity and create additional capacity at veterinary clinics. for example, during january 2024, we announced the launch of our new slide-free cellular analyzer, idexx invue dx, that detects the most common cytologic changes found in ear and blood samples, targeted for late 2024 release.
supply chain and logistics challenges. we believe that building and maintaining a well-managed and disciplined infrastructure have helped minimize impacts of supply chain constraints, including product and component availability issues, logistics challenges, including extended shipping periods and delays, and inflationary pressures. our proactive approach to managing our operational processes, including forward planning with a focus on working closely with our suppliers and logistics partners, enables us to maintain continued high levels of product and service availability and customer service. we believe we are well-positioned to enable sustained high growth in our businesses and to effectively manage the impacts of potentially relatively higher costs in certain areas to support these growth plans. however, there can be no assurance as to the duration or severity of the supply chain and logistics challenges or the effectiveness of our mitigating activities.
effect of geopolitical conflicts. the overall financial performance of our business may be impacted by geopolitical instability and macroeconomic conditions, including the effects of conflicts between russia and ukraine, tensions across the taiwan strait, the israel-hamas conflict, as well as other conflicts in the middle east, and resulting uncertainty in the markets, volatility in exchange rates, and inflationary trends. in june 2022 we decided to liquidate our sole russian subsidiary and suspend our direct russian operations, which consisted of marketing and selling diagnostic products for veterinary clinics in russia. a limited number of our products, which are important for human or animal healthcare, continue to be sold in russia pursuant to ongoing third-party distribution agreements. suspending our direct russian operations and liquidating our russian subsidiary did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
currency impact. for the year ended december 31, 2023, approximately 21% of our consolidated revenue was derived from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars and sold internationally in local currencies, compared to 21% for the year ended december 31, 2022, and 23% for the year ended december 31, 2021. strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies has a negative impact on our revenues derived in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and on profits of products manufactured or purchased in u.s. dollars and sold internationally, and a weakening of the u.s. dollar has the opposite effect. similarly, to the extent that the u.s. dollar is stronger in current or future periods relative to the exchange rates in effect in the corresponding prior periods, our growth rate will be negatively affected. the impact of foreign currency denominated operating expenses and foreign currency denominated supply contracts partly offsets this exposure. additionally, our designated hedges of intercompany inventory purchases and sales help delay the impact of certain exchange rate fluctuations on non-u.s. denominated revenues. refer to "part ii, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding currency impact. our future income tax expense could also be affected by changes in the mix of earnings, including as a result of changes in the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar relative to currencies in countries with differing statutory tax rates. refer to "part i, item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding tax impacts.
effects of economic conditions. demand for our products and services is vulnerable to changes in the economic environment, including slow economic growth, high unemployment, and credit availability. negative or cautious consumer sentiment can lead to reduced or delayed consumer spending, resulting in a decreased number of patient visits to veterinary clinics. unfavorable economic conditions can impact sales of instruments, diagnostic imaging, and practice management systems, which are larger capital purchases for veterinarians. additionally, economic turmoil, fears of a global economic downturn or recession, and inflationary pressure can cause our customers to remain sensitive to the pricing of our products and services. in the u.s., we monitor patient visits and clinic revenue data provided by a subset of our cag customers. although this data is a limited sample, and may be susceptible to short-term impacts, we believe that this data provides a fair and meaningful long-term representation of the trend in patient visit activity in the u.s., providing us insight regarding demand for our products and services.
economic conditions can also affect the purchasing decisions of our water and lpd business customers. water testing volumes may be susceptible to declines in discretionary testing for existing home and commercial sales and in mandated testing as a result of decreases in home and commercial construction. in addition, fiscal difficulties can also reduce government funding for water and herd health screening services.
we believe that the diversity of our products and services and the geographic diversity of our customers partially mitigate the potential effects of the economic environment and negative consumer sentiment on our revenue growth rates.
distributor purchasing and inventories. when selling our products through distributors, changes in distributors' inventory levels can impact our reported sales, and these changes may be affected by many factors, which may not be directly related to underlying demand for our products by veterinary practices, which are the end users. if during a quarter or year, distributors' inventories grew by less than those inventories grew in the comparable period of the prior year, then changes in distributors' inventories would have an unfavorable impact on our reported sales growth in the current period. conversely, if during a quarter or year, distributors' inventories grew by more than those inventories grew in the comparable period of the prior year, then changes in distributors' inventories would have a favorable impact on our reported sales growth in the current period.
in certain countries, we sell our products through third-party distributors and may be unable to obtain data for sales to end users. we do not believe the impact of changes in these distributors' inventories had or would have a material impact on our growth rates. refer to "part i, item 1. business, marketing and distribution" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding distribution channels.
effects of patent expiration. although we have several patents and licenses of patents and technologies from third parties that expired during 2023, and several that are expected to expire in 2024 and beyond, the expiration of these patents or licenses, individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material effect on our financial position or future operations due to a range of factors as described in "part i, item 1. business, patents and licenses."
non-gaap financial measures. the following revenue analysis and discussion focuses on organic revenue growth, and references in this analysis and discussion to "revenue," "revenues" or "revenue growth" are references to "organic revenue growth." organic revenue growth is a non-gaap financial measure and represents the percentage change in revenue during the current year, compared to the same period for the prior year, net of the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, certain business acquisitions, and divestitures. organic revenue growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for, or as a superior measure to, revenues reported in accordance with u.s. gaap, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. management believes that reporting organic revenue growth provides useful information to investors by facilitating easier comparisons of our revenue performance with prior and future periods and to the performance of our peers.
we exclude from organic revenue growth the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates because changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not under management's control, are subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends. we calculate the impact on revenue resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by applying the difference between the weighted average exchange rates during the current year period and the comparable prior year period to foreign currency denominated revenues for the prior year period.
we also exclude from organic revenue growth the effect of certain business acquisitions and divestitures because the nature, size and number of these transactions can vary dramatically from period to period, and because they either require or generate cash as an inherent consequence of the transaction, and therefore can also obscure underlying business and operating trends. we consider acquisitions to be a business when all three elements of inputs, processes and outputs are present, consistent with asu 2017-01, "business combinations: (topic 805) clarifying the definition of a business." in a business combination, if substantially all the fair value of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, we do not consider these assets to be a business. a typical acquisition that we do not consider a business is a customer list asset acquisition, which does not have all elements necessary to operate a business, such as employees or infrastructure. we believe the efforts required to convert and retain these acquired customers are similar in nature to our existing customer base and therefore are included in organic revenue growth.
we also use adjusted ebitda, gross debt, net debt, gross debt to adjusted ebitda ratio and net debt to adjusted ebitda ratio, all of which are non-gaap financial measures that should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for, financial measures presented according to u.s. gaap. management believes that reporting these non-gaap financial measures provides supplemental analysis to help investors further evaluate our business performance and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility.
comparisons to prior periods. our fiscal years end on december 31. unless otherwise stated, the analysis and discussion of our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, including references to growth and organic growth and increases and decreases, are being compared to the equivalent prior year period.
total company the following table presents revenue by operating segment by u.s. and non-u.s., or international geographies:
for the years ended december 31, net revenue (dollars in thousands)        2023                           2022                                         dollar change                  reported revenue growth (1)            percentage change from currency                     percentage change from acquisitions                organic revenue growth (1)
(1)reported revenue growth and organic revenue growth may not recalculate due to rounding.
total company revenue. the increase in organic revenue reflects benefits from higher realized prices and continued demand for companion animal diagnostics globally, supported by increases in cag diagnostics recurring revenues. increases in our veterinary software and diagnostic imaging services recurring revenue also contributed to higher revenue supported by demand for subscription-based software. higher revenue in our water business was primarily due to the benefit of price increases and higher testing volumes in certain international regions, as well as the benefit of an acquisition in the third quarter of 2022. the decline in our lpd business was primarily due to lower herd health screening volume, partially offset by higher realized prices and volume growth in north america, europe, and south america. the decrease in other revenue was primarily due to lower sales of opti covid-19 pcr testing products and services, following the discontinuation of active marketing of such products and services in the first quarter of 2023.the impact of currency movements decreased total revenue growth by 0.2%, while the impact of acquisitions increased total revenue growth by 0.1%.
the following table presents our total company results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                        change total company - results of operations(dollars in thousands)       2023                                           percent of revenue                            2022                     percent of revenue             amount                 percentage revenues                                                                      $3,660,953                                                             $3,367,324                                                 $293,629                       8.7     %
cost of revenue                                                                1,470,983                                                              1,362,986                                                  107,997                       7.9     %
gross profit                                                                   2,189,970                              59.8        %                   2,004,338                              59.5        %       185,632                       9.3     %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                                                              566,066                              15.5        %                     524,505                              15.6        %        41,561                       7.9     %
research and development                                                         190,951                               5.2        %                     254,820                               7.6        %      (63,869)                     (25.1    %)
total operating expenses                                                       1,092,842                              29.9        %                   1,105,573                              32.8        %      (12,731)                      (1.2    %)
gross profit. gross profit increased due to higher pricing and sales volumes, which supported a 30 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. the impact from foreign currency movements decreased the gross profit margin by approximately 60 basis points, primarily from the impact of lower hedge gains in the current year compared to the prior year. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, the increase in the gross profit margin was supported by recurring revenue net price gains, which mitigated the inflationary cost impacts that contributed to higher product and labor costs. sales mix, including effects from high cag diagnostic consumable growth; software services gross margin expansion; and productivity gains in our reference laboratories also contributed to the increase in our gross profit margin.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related and travel costs, including investments in our global commercial capability. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs, partially offset by a $16 million customer contract resolution gain recognized during the first quarter of 2023. research and development expense decreased primarily due to the comparison to the prior year acquisition of rights to use certain technology for $84 million, partially offset by higher personnel-related and project costs. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates was not significant to operating expense growth.
companion animal group the following table presents revenue by product and service category for cag:
for the years ended december 31, net revenue(dollars in thousands)                                                                  2023                                    2022                       dollar change                        reported revenue growth (1)                       percentage change from currency                      percentage change from acquisitions                      organic revenue growth (1)
reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services                                 1,278,617                               1,178,113                            100,504                                           8.5           %                                     (0.1           %)                                          -                                                8.6          %
cag diagnostics services and accessories                                                  124,053                                 111,264                             12,789                                          11.5           %                                     (0.3           %)                                          -                                               11.8          %
cag diagnostics capital - instruments                                                     137,603                                 147,326                            (9,723)                                          (6.6          %)                                     (0.1           %)                                          -                                               (6.5         %)
veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems:                             279,328                                 251,187                             28,141                                          11.2           %                                     (0.2           %)                                          -                                               11.4          %
systems and hardware                                                                       64,731                                  70,214                            (5,483)                                          (7.8          %)                                     (0.2           %)                                          -                                               (7.6         %)
(1) reported revenue growth and organic revenue growth may not recalculate due to rounding.
cag diagnostics recurring revenue. the increase in cag diagnostics recurring revenue was primarily due to higher realized prices and increased volumes across modalities, primarily in the u.s. international growth was constrained by macroeconomic conditions. the impact of foreign currency movements decreased cag diagnostics recurring revenue growth by 0.2%.
the increase in idexx vetlab consumables revenue was primarily due to higher price realization and higher sales volumes, supported by the expansion of our installed base of instruments and our expanded menu of available tests. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 0.3%.
the increase in rapid assay revenue resulted primarily from higher price realization and higher clinic testing levels, primarily from snap 4dx plus. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 0.2%.
the increase in reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services revenue was primarily due to higher realized price and higher testing volumes in our u.s. labs. growth in other regions was primarily due to higher price realization, partially offset by lower international volumes. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 0.1%.
cag diagnostics services and accessories revenue growth was primarily a result of the 11% increase in our active installed base of instruments. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 0.3%.
cag diagnostics capital - instrument revenue. the decrease in instrument revenue was primarily due to instrument sales mix, program pricing effects and the regional mix of instrument placements, partially offset by higher premium instrument placements. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 0.1%.
veterinary software, services, and diagnostic imaging systems revenue. the increase in recurring revenue was primarily due to an expansion of our active installed base, resulting in higher subscription and support revenue, and higher realized prices. the decrease in our systems and hardware revenue imaging systems revenue was primarily due to marketing program price effects, partially offset by higher instrument placements. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 0.2%.
the following table presents the cag segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                        change results of operations            2023                                           percent of revenue                            2022                     percent of revenue             amount                 percentage
cost of revenue                               1,349,930                                                              1,252,216                                                   97,714                       7.8     %
gross profit                                  2,002,426                              59.7        %                   1,806,577                              59.1        %       195,849                      10.8     %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                             517,258                              15.4        %                     480,655                              15.7        %        36,603                       7.6     %
research and development                        172,727                               5.2        %                     236,227                               7.7        %      (63,500)                     (26.9    %)
total operating expenses                        989,686                              29.5        %                   1,005,628                              32.9        %      (15,942)                      (1.6    %)
gross profit. gross profit increased primarily due to higher pricing and sales volumes, which supported a 60 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. the impact from foreign currency movements decreased the gross profit margin by approximately 40 basis points, primarily from the impact of lower hedge gains in the current year compared to the prior year. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, the increase in the gross profit margin was supported by recurring revenue net price gains, which mitigated the inflationary cost impacts that contributed to higher product and labor costs. sales mix, including effects from high cag diagnostic consumable growth; software services gross margin expansion; and productivity gains in our reference laboratories also contributed to the increase in our gross profit margin.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related and travel costs, including investments in our global commercial capability. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs, partially offset by a $16 million customer contract resolution gain recognized during the first quarter of 2023. research and development expense decreased primarily due to the comparison to the prior year acquisition of rights to use certain technology for $84 million, partially offset by higher personnel-related and project costs. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates was not significant to operating expense growth.
water the following table presents the water segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                               change results of operations            2023                                         percent of revenue                          2022                     percent of revenue                    amount                 percentage
cost of revenue                                52,148                                                               45,861                                                           6,287                      13.7     %
gross profit                                  116,001                              69.0        %                   109,859                              70.5        %                6,142                       5.6     %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                            21,249                              12.6        %                    18,564                              11.9        %                2,685                      14.5     %
research and development                        4,757                               2.8        %                     4,423                               2.8        %                  334                       7.6     %
total operating expenses                       41,661                              24.8        %                    37,340                              24.0        %                4,321                      11.6     %
revenue. the increase in our water business revenue was primarily due to higher realized price and, to a lesser extent, higher volumes. the impact of the acquisition completed during the third quarter of 2022 increased revenue growth by 1.1%. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue growth by 0.3%.
gross profit. gross profit for water increased due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by a 150 basis point decrease in the gross profit margin. the impact from foreign currency movements decreased the gross profit margin by approximately 160 basis points, including the impact of lower hedge gains in the current year compared to the prior year. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, the increase in the gross profit margin was primarily due to higher realized prices, partially offset by higher product costs.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related and travel costs. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs. research and development expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs and project costs, offset by lower third-party costs. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates was not significant to operating expense growth.
livestock, poultry and dairy the following table presents the lpd segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                                 change results of operations            2023                                         percent of revenue                          2022                     percent of revenue                      amount                 percentage
cost of revenue                                56,219                                                               49,606                                                             6,613                      13.3     %
gross profit                                   65,440                              53.8        %                    73,001                              59.5        %                (7,561)                     (10.4    %)
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                            25,798                              21.2        %                    23,491                              19.2        %                  2,307                       9.8     %
research and development                       12,493                              10.3        %                    12,582                              10.3        %                   (89)                      (0.7    %)
total operating expenses                       55,465                              45.6        %                    53,192                              43.4        %                  2,273                       4.3     %
revenue. the decline in revenue was primarily due to lower herd health screening revenues related to reduced live animal imports by china, partially offset by higher realized prices and, to a lesser extent, higher volume in swine, poultry, and ruminant testing in north america, europe, and south america. the impact of foreign currency movements was immaterial to revenue.
gross profit. the decrease in lpd gross profit was primarily due to lower sales volumes and a 570 basis point decrease in the gross profit margin. the impact from foreign currency movements decreased the gross profit margin by approximately 460 basis points, including the impact of lower hedge gains in the current year compared to the prior year. the remaining decrease in the gross profit margin is primarily due to higher product costs and unfavorable sales mix, partially offset by higher realized prices.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased primarily due to increases in personnel-related costs. general and administrative and research and development expenses were relatively constant compared to the prior year. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates was not significant to operating expense growth.
other the following table presents the other results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                        change results of operations                              2023                     percent of revenue                        2022                     percent of revenue             amount                 percentage
cost of revenue                              12,686                                                             15,303                                                  (2,617)                     (17.1    %)
gross profit                                  6,103                              32.5        %                  14,901                              49.3        %       (8,798)                     (59.0    %)
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                           1,761                               9.4        %                   1,795                               5.9        %          (34)                      (1.9    %)
research and development                        974                               5.2        %                   1,588                               5.3        %         (614)                     (38.7    %)
total operating expenses                      6,030                              32.1        %                   9,413                              31.2        %       (3,383)                     (35.9    %)
revenue. the decrease in other revenue was primarily due to lower sales of opti covid-19 pcr testing products and services in the u.s., following our discontinuation of active marketing of such products and services in the first quarter of 2023, partially offset by higher realized prices for our opti medical instruments and consumables.
gross profit. gross profit decreased due to lower sales volume and a 1,680 basis point decrease in the gross profit margin. the decrease in the gross profit margin was primarily due to higher product costs and unfavorable sales mix impacts from lower opti covid-19 pcr testing volumes, partially offset by higher realized prices. the overall change in foreign currency exchange rates had an immaterial impact on gross profit.
operating expenses. general and administrative expense decreased primarily due to lower foreign exchange losses on settlements of foreign currency denominated transactions compared to the prior year. foreign exchange losses on settlements for all operating segments are reported within our other segment. research and development expense decreased primarily due to lower product development costs related to human medical diagnostic products.
non-operating items interest expense. interest expense was $41.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $39.9 million for the prior year. the increase in interest expense was primarily the result of higher interest rates, partially offset by lower average debt balances. during the first quarter of 2023, we entered into an interest rate swap to manage the impact of interest rate fluctuations associated with $250.0 million of borrowings under our variable-rate credit facility.
our effective income tax rate was 20.4% for the year ended december 31, 2023, and 21.0% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to the release of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets in certain international and state jurisdictions. our projected effective tax rate for 2024 is approximately 22%. this projected increase in the effective tax rate over the full year 2023 effective tax rate, is primarily due to the non-recurring reductions in our december 31, 2023, effective tax rate associated with the release of valuation allowances.
liquidity and capital resources we fund the capital needs of our business through cash on hand, funds generated from operations, proceeds from long-term senior note financings, and amounts available under our credit facility. we generate cash primarily through the payments made by customers for our companion animal veterinary, livestock, poultry, dairy, and water products and services, consulting services, and other various systems and services. our cash disbursements are primarily related to compensation and benefits for our employees, inventory and supplies, taxes, research and development, capital expenditures, rents, occupancy-related charges, interest expense, and business acquisitions. at december 31, 2023, we had $453.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, compared to $112.5 million on december 31, 2022. working capital totaled $543.7 million at december 31, 2023, compared to negative $134.3 million at december 31, 2022. the change in working capital is primarily due to higher cash and lower outstanding borrowings on our credit facility. as of december 31, 2023, we had a remaining borrowing availability of $998.5 million under our $1.25 billion credit facility with $250.0 million outstanding borrowing under the credit facility. the general availability of funds under our credit facility is reduced by $1.5 million for outstanding letters of credit. we believe that, if necessary, we could obtain additional borrowings to fund our growth objectives. we further believe that current cash and cash equivalents, funds generated from operations, and committed borrowing availability will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital purchase requirements, and anticipated growth needs for the next twelve months. we believe that these resources, coupled with our ability, as needed, to obtain additional financing, will also be sufficient to fund our business as currently conducted for the foreseeable future. we may enter into new financing arrangements or refinance or retire existing debt in the future depending on market conditions. should we require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by our operations, for example to fund significant discretionary activities, we could elect to raise capital in the u.s. through the incurrence of debt or equity issuances, which we may not be able to complete on favorable terms or at all. in addition, these alternatives could result in increased interest expense or other dilution of our earnings.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among all of our subsidiaries. our foreign cash and cash equivalents are generally available without restrictions to fund ordinary business operations outside the u.s.
the following table presents cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held domestically, and by our foreign subsidiaries:
total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held in u.s. dollars by our foreign subsidiaries                     $13,170                                $6,647
of the $453.9 million of cash and cash equivalents held as of december 31, 2023, $163.1 million was held as bank deposits at a diversified group of institutions, primarily systemically important banks, and $290.8 million was held in a u.s. government money market fund. as of december 31, 2022, more than 99% of the cash and cash equivalents held was as bank deposits. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2023, included approximately usd $1.7 million in cash denominated in non-u.s. currencies held in countries with currency control restrictions, which limit our ability to transfer funds outside of the countries in which they are held. the currency control restricted cash is generally available for use within the country where it is held.
the following table presents additional key information concerning working capital:
(1) days sales outstanding represents the average of the accounts receivable balances at the beginning and end of each quarter divided by revenue for that quarter, the result of which is then multiplied by 91.25 days.
(2) inventory turns represent inventory-related cost of product revenue for the 12 months preceding each quarter-end divided by the average inventory balances at the beginning and end of each quarter.
sources and uses of cash the following table presents cash provided (used):
2023                        2022                                                  dollar change net cash provided by operating activities                         $906,510                          $542,984                          $363,526
net effect of changes in exchange rates on cash                      2,126                           (8,606)                            10,732
net change in cash and cash equivalents                           $341,386                         $(31,908)                          $373,294
operating activities. the increase in cash provided by operating activities of $363.5 million during 2023 compared to 2022, was primarily due to comparably less cash used to fund changes in other assets and liabilities, inventories, and higher net income. during the prior year, we entered into two discrete arrangements to license intellectual property for which we paid $65 million which was charged to research and development expense. we also made higher tax payments during 2022, primarily due to changes imposed by the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, including the relevant provision that requires u.s. research and development expenditures incurred after january 1, 2022 to be capitalized and amortized over a five-year period.
the following table presents cash flows from changes in operating assets and liabilities:
2023                        2022                                                    dollar change accounts receivable                                                                      $(53,871)                           $(41,398)                         $(12,473)
total change in cash due to changes in operating assets and liabilities                  $(72,429)                          $(273,530)                          $201,101
cash used due to changes in operating assets and liabilities during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in the prior year, decreased approximately $201.1 million. cash used for inventory in the current period, compared to the prior period, decreased $93.1 million primarily due to planned inventory growth in the prior year to mitigate supply chain risks and support demand. the decrease of cash used for other assets and liabilities was primarily due to higher non-cash operating expenses recorded as accrued liabilities for personnel-related costs and lower annual employee incentive program payments in the current year, and lower tax payments in the current year, compared to the same period in the prior year.
we have historically experienced proportionally lower net cash flows from operating activities during the first quarter and proportionally higher cash flows from operating activities for the remainder of the year and for the annual period driven primarily by payments related to annual employee incentive programs in the first quarter following the year for which the bonuses were earned.
investing activities. cash used by investing activities was $125.3 million during 2023, compared to $195.4 million used during 2022. the decrease in cash used by investing activities during 2023, compared to 2022 was primarily due to discrete uses of cash during the prior year for an equity investment, higher spending for purchases of property and equipment related to our new warehouse and manufacturing site expansion, and for the acquisitions of an international water testing business and intangible assets.
our total capital expenditure plan for 2024 is estimated to be approximately $180.0 million, which includes capital investments in manufacturing and operations facilities to support growth, as well as investments in customer-facing software.
on february 1, 2024, we acquired the assets of a privately owned software and data platform business based in the u.s. that extends our practice management systems cloud-native workflow and delivers strategic data solutions to our customers and their clients for approximately $77 million in cash, and also agreed to make contingent payments of up to $30 million during the subsequent three years, based on the achievement of certain goals.
financing activities. cash used by financing activities was $442.0 million during 2023, compared to $370.9 million used during 2022. the increase in cash used by financing activities was primarily due to $329.0 million cash used for repayments under our credit facility in the current year, compared to borrowings of $505.5 million under our credit facility in the prior year. the increase in cash used by financing activities was partially offset by $71.9 million of cash used to repurchase our common stock in the current year, compared to $819.7 million of cash used to purchase our common stock in the prior year. in december 2023, we paid off our $75.0 million 2023 series a notes. in february 2022, we paid off our $75.0 million 2022 series a notes.
the aggregate principal amounts of our 2024 series b notes will become due and payable on july 21, 2024 and we anticipate paying off our 2024 series b notes for $75.0 million when due in july 2024 with available cash on hand. should we elect to prepay any of our senior notes, such aggregate prepayment will include the applicable make-whole amount(s), as defined within the applicable senior note agreements. additionally, in the event of a change in control of the company or upon the disposition of certain assets of the company, the proceeds of which are not reinvested (as defined in the senior note agreements), we may be required to prepay all or a portion of the senior notes.
repurchases of our common stock vary depending upon the level of other investing and deployment activities, as well as share price and prevailing interest rates. we believe that the repurchase of our common stock is a favorable means of returning value to our stockholders, and we also repurchase our stock to offset the dilutive effect of our share-based compensation programs. we primarily fund our share repurchases with cash generated from operations, as well as from various capital market activities, including the committed available financing through our credit facility. cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock decreased by $747.8 million during 2023, compared to 2022. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 20. repurchases of common stock" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our share repurchases.
under the $1.25 billion credit facility, the $1.0 billion unsecured credit line matures on december 9, 2026 and requires no scheduled prepayments before that date. on october 20, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the credit facility, the term lenders thereunder provided us, as borrower, an incremental term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million (the "term loan"). the term loan matures on october 20, 2025. the net proceeds of the term loan were used to repay previously incurred revolver borrowings under the credit facility. the term loan is subject to the same affirmative and negative covenants and events of default as the borrowings previously incurred pursuant to the credit facility. the applicable interest rate for the term loan is consistent with our line of credit, and is calculated at a per annum rate equal to either (at our option) (1) a prime rate plus a margin ranging from 0.0% to 0.375% based on our consolidated leverage ratio, (2) an adjusted term sofr rate, plus 0.10%, plus a margin ranging from 0.875% to 1.375% based on our consolidated leverage ratio, or (3) an adjusted daily simple sofr rate, plus 0.10%, plus a margin ranging from 0.875% to 1.375% based on our consolidated leverage ratio. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, debt" for additional information about our applicable interest rates on our credit facility. under the credit facility, we also pay quarterly commitment fees ranging from 0.075% to 0.25%, based on our leverage ratio, on any unused commitment.
under the credit facility, the net repayment and borrowing activity resulted in increased cash used of $834.5 million during 2023, compared to 2022. at december 31, 2023, we had $250.0 million outstanding on our line of credit, all of which was on our $250.0 million term loan under the credit facility. at december 31, 2022, we had $329.0 million outstanding on our line of credit and a $250.0 million term loan, for a total of $579.0 million outstanding under the credit facility. the general availability of funds under the credit facility was further reduced by $1.5 million for letters of credit that were issued primarily in connection with our workers' compensation policy at december 31, 2023, and 2022. the credit facility contains affirmative, negative, and financial covenants customary for financings of this type. the negative covenants include restrictions on liens, indebtedness of subsidiaries of the company, fundamental changes, investments, transactions with affiliates, and certain restrictive agreements and violations of laws and regulations. the financial covenant is a consolidated leverage ratio test that requires our ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation not to exceed 3.5-to-1. at december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants of the credit facility. the obligations under the credit facility may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the credit facility, which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under the employee retirement income security act of 1974, ("erisa"), the failure to pay specified indebtedness, cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness and a change of control default.
the obligations under the senior notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the applicable senior note agreements, each of which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency-related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under erisa, the failure to pay specified indebtedness, and cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness.
refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, debt" for additional information about our credit facility, senior notes, and senior note agreements.
effect of currency translation on cash. the net effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates are related to changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. these changes will fluctuate each year as the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the value of the foreign currencies change. the value of a currency depends on many factors, including interest rates, and the issuing governments' debt levels and strength of economy.
off-balance sheet arrangements. we have no off-balance sheet arrangements or variable interest entities except for letters of credit and third-party guarantees, as reflected in "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13 debt" and "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. note 16. commitments, contingencies and guarantees" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2023, included in this annual report on form 10-k, respectively.
financial covenant. the financial covenant is a consolidated leverage ratio test that requires our ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation, as defined in the senior note agreements and credit facility, not to exceed 3.5-to-1. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants of the senior note agreements and credit facility. the following details our consolidated leverage ratio calculation:
line of credit                                                        $250,000
current and long-term portion of long-term debt                        697,880
commitments, contingencies and guarantees for more information regarding our commitments, contingencies and guarantees, refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 16. commitments, contingencies and guarantees."
for more information on our future lease payments, refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 8. leases" for our minimum lease payment schedule. the expected timing of payments of our leases may be different in future years, depending on decisions to extend lease terms and/or enter into additional leases in the preceding years.
as of december 31, 2023, current liabilities include $250.0 million outstanding borrowing on our credit facility and the current portion of long-term debt of $75.0 million recorded as current liabilities. refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13. debt" for more information about our credit facility and for more information on our repayment of our senior notes.
we also have purchase obligations that include agreements and purchase orders to purchase goods or services that are contractually enforceable and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities, pricing, and approximate timing of purchases. as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $196.3 million in purchase obligations due in 2024. our purchase obligations beyond 2024 are approximately $55.2 million. these purchase obligation amounts do not include amounts recorded in accounts payable as of december 31, 2023. the expected timing of payments of our purchase obligations is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the time of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
additionally, we have agreements with third parties that we have entered into in the ordinary course of business under which we are obligated to indemnify such third parties for and against various risks and losses. the precise terms of such indemnities vary with the nature of the agreement. in many cases, we limit the maximum amount of our indemnification obligations, but in some cases those obligations may be theoretically unlimited. we have not incurred material expenses in discharging any of these indemnification obligations and, based on our analysis of the nature of the risks involved, we believe that the fair value of these agreements is minimal. accordingly, we did not record any liabilities for these obligations at december 31, 2023 and 2022, and do not anticipate any future payments for these guarantees.
as of december 31, 2023, our remaining obligation associated with the deemed repatriation tax resulting from the tax cut and jobs act of 2017 is $21.8 million. prior to 2023, our prior overpayments satisfied our installment obligations. in 2023, our installment obligation exceeded our remaining overpayment and payment was remitted for the balance due on the installment. our final installment will be paid in 2025. for information on our unrecognized tax benefits, refer to "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 14. income taxes."