item 1a. risk factors an investment in the company's common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. the company seeks to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and many are outside of the company's control and cannot therefore be eliminated. in addition to the other information in this report and the company's other filings with the sec, investors should consider carefully the factors set forth below. investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way.
risks related to our business, industry and operations the company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings.
the company faces substantial competition in its two operating segments and in all geographic markets. the company's businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. the company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the company. competitors' development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of the company, could negatively impact sales of the company's existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development. the company may also experience operational and financial risk in connection with acquisitions if we are unable to fully identify potential risks and liabilities associated with acquired businesses or products, successfully integrate operations and employees, and successfully identify and realize synergies with existing businesses while containing acquisition-related strain on our management, operations and financial resources.
for the company's innovative medicine businesses, loss of patent exclusivity for a product often is followed by a substantial reduction in sales as competitors gain regulatory approval for generic and other competing products and enter the market. similar competition can be triggered by the loss of exclusivity for a biological product. for the company's medtech businesses, technological innovation, product quality, reputation and customer service are especially important to competitiveness. development by other companies of new or improved products, processes and technologies could threaten to make the company's products or technologies less desirable, less economical or obsolete. the company's business and operations will be negatively impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or technological advances that are safe, more effective, more effectively marketed or otherwise outperform those of our competitors.
interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the company's business, sales and reputation.
the company's manufacturing of products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. the company's subsidiaries operate 61 manufacturing facilities as well as sourcing from thousands of suppliers around the world. the company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, labor shortages, site-specific incidents (such as fires), natural disasters such as hurricanes and other severe weather events, raw material shortages, political unrest, terrorist attacks and epidemics or pandemics. such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales and reputational impact as well as significant remediation and related costs associated with addressing the shortage.
the company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our products. any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer or supplier could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business.
the company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our raw materials, component parts and products. we depend on these third-party manufacturers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. however, we cannot guarantee that these third-party manufacturers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, which could result in lost sales and have an adverse effect on our business.
2023 annual report other risks associated with our reliance on third parties to manufacture these products include reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, misappropriation of the company's intellectual property, limited ability to manage our inventory, possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party and the possible termination or nonrenewal of the manufacturing agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffers any damage to facilities, loses benefits under material agreements, experiences power outages, encounters financial difficulties, is unable to secure necessary raw materials from its suppliers or suffers any other reduction in efficiency, the company may experience significant business disruption. in the event of any such disruption, the company would need to seek and source other qualified third-party manufacturers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs which could affect our business adversely.
counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business.
our industry continues to be challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit products in a growing number of markets and over the internet. third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. to distributors and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. counterfeit medicines pose a risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured - often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites - as well as the lack of regulation of their contents.
the industry's failure to mitigate the threat of counterfeit medicines could adversely impact our business and reputation by impacting patient confidence in our authentic products, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation. in addition, diversion of our products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability.
global health crises, pandemics, epidemics, or other outbreaks could adversely disrupt or impact certain aspects of the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to risks associated with global health crises, epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks (such incident(s), a health crisis or health crises). for example, the covid-19 pandemic adversely impacted certain aspects of the company's business, results of operations and financial condition, including lower sales and reduced customer demand and usage of certain of our products. the spread of any health crises may cause the company to modify its business practices, and take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as the company determines are in the best interests of our patients, customers, employees and business partners under such circumstances. while the company has robust business continuity plans in place across our global supply chain network designed to help mitigate the impact of health crises, these efforts may not completely prevent our business from being adversely affected in the event of a health crisis. health crises could adversely impact the company's operations, including, among other things, our manufacturing operations, supply chain, third-party suppliers, sales and marketing, and clinical trial operations. any of these factors could adversely affect the company's business, financial results, and global economic conditions generally.
risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings global sales in the company's innovative medicine and medtech segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures.
sales of the company's innovative medicine and medtech products are significantly affected by reimbursements by third-party payors such as government healthcare programs, private insurance plans and managed care organizations. as part of various efforts to contain healthcare costs, these payors are putting downward pressure on prices at which products will be reimbursed. in the u.s., increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, in part due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, could result in further pricing pressures. in addition, recent legislation and ongoing political scrutiny on pricing, coverage and reimbursement could result in additional pricing pressures. specifically, the inflation reduction act of 2022 (ira) may subject certain products to government-established pricing, potentially impose rebates, and subject manufacturers who fail to adhere to the government's interpretations of the law to penalties. further, increased third-party utilization of the 340b federal drug discount program from expanded interpretations of the statute may have a negative impact on the company's financial performance. outside the u.s., numerous major markets, including the eu, united kingdom, japan and china, have pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare and, in that regard, directly or indirectly impose price controls, limit access to, or reimbursement for, the company's products, or reduce the value of its intellectual property protection.
we are subject to an increasing number of costly and complex governmental regulations in the countries in which operations are conducted which may materially adversely affect the company's financial condition and business operations.
as described in item 1. business, the company is subject to an increasing number of extensive government laws and regulations, investigations and legal action by national, state and local government agencies in the u.s. and other countries in which it operates. for example, changes to the u.s. fda's timing or requirements for approval or clearance of our products may have a negative impact on our ability to bring new products to market. new laws and regulations may also impose deadlines on the company, or its third-party suppliers, manufacturers or other partners and providers, for which there may be insufficient time to implement changes to comply with such new regulations and may result in manufacturing delays or other supply chain constraints. if the company is unable to identify ways to mitigate these delays or constraints, there may be an adverse effect on sales and access to our products.
in the ordinary course of business, johnson & johnson and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as product liability, patent disputes and claims that their product sales, marketing and pricing practices violate various antitrust, unfair trade practices and/or consumer protection laws. the company's more significant legal proceedings are described in note 19 legal proceedings under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report. litigation, in general, and securities, derivative action, class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. some of these matters may include thousands of plaintiffs, may involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. for example, the company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily johnson's baby powder, and the company's sale, manufacturing and marketing of opioids. while the company believes it has substantial defenses in these matters, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. the company could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments in these matters, potentially in excess of accruals, including matters where the company could be held jointly and severally liable among other defendants. the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows for that period. the company does not purchase third-party product liability insurance; however, the company utilizes a wholly owned captive insurance company subject to certain limits.
product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage.
concerns about product safety, whether raised internally or by litigants, regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence, can result in safety alerts, product recalls, governmental investigations, regulatory action on the part of the u.s. fda (or its counterpart in other countries), private claims and lawsuits, payment of fines and settlements, declining sales and reputational damage. these circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in the company's products. product recalls have in the past, and could in the future, prompt government investigations and inspections, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, continued product shortages and related sales declines, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, possible civil penalties and criminal prosecution.
the rapid increase in new government laws and regulations imposes significant compliance costs to the company and a failure of the company to timely implement changes to comply with these new laws may expose the company to investigations, legal actions or penalties. regulatory issues regarding compliance with current good manufacturing practices (cgmp) (and comparable quality regulations in foreign countries) by manufacturers of drugs and devices can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. in addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of the company's products are subject to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act, the medicaid rebate program, federal and state false claims acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. scrutiny of healthcare industry business practices by government agencies and state attorneys general in the u.s., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil and criminal penalties including, but not limited to, debarment from participation in government healthcare programs. any such debarment could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. the most significant current investigations and litigation brought by government agencies are described in note 19 legal proceedings-government proceedings under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
2023 annual report changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the company's operating results.
changes in tax laws or regulations around the world, including in the u.s. and as led by the organization for economic cooperation and development, such as the recent enactment by certain eu and non-eu countries, and the anticipated enactment by additional countries, of a global minimum tax, could negatively impact the company's effective tax rate and results of operations. a change in statutory tax rate or certain international tax provisions in any country would result in the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. this change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the company's consolidated statement of earnings. the company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
see note 8 income taxes under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for additional information.
the company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities. in connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. the company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. however, any tax authority could take a position on tax treatment that is contrary to the company's expectations, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves.
risks related to our intellectual property the company faces increased challenges to intellectual property rights central to its business.
the company owns or licenses a significant number of patents and other proprietary rights relating to its products and manufacturing processes. these rights are essential to the company's businesses and materially important to the company's results of operations. public policy, both within and outside the u.s., has become increasingly unfavorable toward intellectual property rights. the company cannot be certain that it will obtain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in the united states and other important markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated.
competitors routinely challenge the validity or extent of the company's owned or licensed patents and proprietary rights through litigation, interferences, oppositions and other proceedings, such as inter partes review (ipr) proceedings before the united states patent & trademark office (uspto). these proceedings absorb resources and can be protracted as well as unpredictable. in addition, challenges that the company's products infringe the patents of third parties could result in an injunction and/or the need to pay past damages and future royalties and adversely affect the competitive position and sales of the products in question.
the company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. in the u.s., manufacturers of generic versions of innovative human pharmaceutical products may challenge the validity, or claim non-infringement, of innovator products through the abbreviated new drug application, or anda, process with the u.s. fda and related anda litigation. the biologics price competition and innovation act (bpcia), enacted in 2010, which created a new regulatory pathway for the approval by the u.s. fda of biosimilar alternatives to innovator-developed biological products, also created mechanisms for biosimilar applicants to challenge the patents on the innovator biologics. the ipr process with the uspto is also being used by competitors to challenge patents asserted in litigation.
in the event the company is not successful in defending its patents against such challenges, or upon the "at-risk" launch by the generic or biosimilar firm of its product, the company can lose a major portion of revenues for the referenced product in a very short period of time. current legal proceedings involving the company's patents and other intellectual property rights are described in note 19 legal proceedings-intellectual property under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
risks related to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization significant challenges or delays in the company's innovation, development and implementation of new products, technologies and indications could have an adverse impact on the company's long-term success.
the company's continued growth and success depends on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers and consumers. development of successful products and technologies is also necessary to offset revenue losses when the company's existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. new products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2023 sales. the company cannot be certain when or whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire companies, products and technologies, whether particular product candidates will be granted regulatory approval, and, if approved, whether the products will be commercially successful.
the company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. in all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. only a very few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. the process depends on many factors including the ability to: discern patients' and healthcare providers' future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the company's products from competing products and approaches to treatment. new products or enhancements to existing products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace due to product and price competition, changes in customer preferences or healthcare purchasing patterns, resistance by healthcare providers or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. even following initial regulatory approval, the success of a product can be adversely impacted by safety and efficacy findings in larger real-world patient populations, as well as market entry of competitive products.
the company leverages the use of data science, machine learning and other forms of ai and emerging technologies across varying parts of its business and operations, and the introduction and incorporation of ai may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. ai technology is continuously evolving, and the ai technologies we develop and adopt may become obsolete earlier than planned. our investments in these technologies may not result in the benefits we anticipate or enable us to obtain or maintain a competitive advantage. the application of machine learning and ai in our business is emerging and evolving alongside new laws and regulations that may entail significant costs or ultimately limit our ability to continue the use of these technologies. these technologies also carry inherent risks related to data privacy and security further described below.
risks related to financial and economic market conditions the company faces a variety of financial, economic, legal, social and political risks associated with conducting business internationally.
the company's extensive operations and business activity throughout the world are accompanied by certain financial, economic, legal, social and political risks, including those listed below.
foreign currency exchange: in fiscal 2023, approximately 45% of the company's sales occurred outside of the u.s., with approximately 24% in europe, 5% in the western hemisphere, excluding the u.s., and 16% in the asia-pacific and africa region. changes in non-u.s. currencies relative to the u.s. dollar impact the company's revenues and expenses. while the company uses financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its cash flows, unhedged exposures continue to be subject to currency fluctuations. in addition, the weakening or strengthening of the u.s. dollar may result in significant favorable or unfavorable translation effects when the operating results of the company's non-u.s. business activity are translated into u.s. dollars.
inflation and currency devaluation risks: the company faces challenges in maintaining profitability of operations in economies experiencing high inflation rates. specifically, the company has accounted for operations in argentina, turkey and venezuela as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. while the company strives to maintain profit margins in these areas through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases, it might experience operating losses as a result of continued inflation. in addition, the impact of currency devaluations in
2023 annual report countries experiencing high inflation rates or significant currency exchange fluctuations could negatively impact the company's operating results.
illegal importation of pharmaceutical products: the illegal importation of pharmaceutical products from countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the company's sales and profitability in the u.s. and other countries in which the company operates. with the exception of limited quantities of prescription drugs for personal use, foreign imports of pharmaceutical products are illegal under current u.s. law. however, the volume of illegal imports continues to rise as the ability of patients and other customers to obtain the lower-priced imports has grown significantly.
anti-bribery and other regulations: the company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices with respect to payments to government officials. those laws include the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), which prohibits u.s. publicly traded companies from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. the company's business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with foreign officials. also, in many countries outside the u.s., the healthcare providers who prescribe human pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of human pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, the company's interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the fcpa. in addition to the u.s. application and enforcement of the fcpa, various jurisdictions in which the company operates have laws and regulations, including the u.k. bribery act 2010, aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior. enforcement activities under these laws could subject the company to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from healthcare programs.
other financial, economic, legal, social and political risks. other risks inherent in conducting business globally include:
•local and regional economic environments and policies in the markets that we serve, including interest rates, monetary policy, inflation, economic growth, recession, commodity prices, and currency controls or other limitations on the ability to expatriate cash;
•protective economic policies taken by governments, such as trade protection measures, increased antitrust reporting requirements and enforcement activity, and import/export licensing requirements;
•compliance with local regulations and laws including, in some countries, regulatory requirements restricting the company's ability to manufacture or sell its products in the relevant market;
•diminished protection of intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions;
•potential nationalization or expropriation of the company's foreign assets;
•political or social upheavals, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; and
•geopolitical events, including natural disasters, disruptions to markets due to war, armed conflict, terrorism, epidemics or pandemics.
due to the international nature of the company's business, geopolitical or economic changes or events, including global tensions and war, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
as described above, the company has extensive operations and business activity throughout the world. global tensions, conflict and/or war among any of the countries in which we conduct business or distribute our products may result in foreign currency volatility, decreased demand for our products in affected countries, and challenges to our global supply chain related to increased costs of materials and other inputs for our products and suppliers. most recently, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, impacts to the company's business resulting from the russia-ukraine war, rising conflict in the middle east as well as increasing tensions between the u.s. and china. in response to heightened conflict, such as the russia-ukraine war, governments may impose export controls and broad financial and economic sanctions. our business and operations may be further impacted by the imposition of trade protection measures or other policies adopted by any country that favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors. additional sanctions or other measures may be imposed by the global community, including but not limited to limitations on our ability to file, prosecute and maintain patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. furthermore, in some countries, such as in russia, action may be taken that allows companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patent holders from the united states and many other countries without consent or compensation and we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing the company's inventions in russia or from selling or importing products in and into russia.
weak financial performance, failure to maintain a satisfactory credit rating or disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets.
we currently maintain investment grade credit ratings with moody's investors service and standard & poor's ratings services. rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors. any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, whether as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, can increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper or require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to capital markets.
other risks our business depends on our ability to recruit and retain talented, highly skilled employees and a diverse workforce.
our continued growth requires us to recruit and retain talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive and our ability to compete depends on our ability to hire, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel in all areas of our organization. maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment enables us to attract top talent. if we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. in addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. any unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans or failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect our business and results of operations.
climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations, including an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake, wildfire or flooding, may pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. the impacts of the changing climate on water resources may result in water scarcity, limiting our ability to access sufficient high-quality water in certain locations, which may increase operational costs.
concern over climate change may also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. if such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. further, the impacts of climate change have an influence on customer preferences, and failure to provide climate-friendly products could potentially result in loss of market share.
an information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the company's business or reputation.
to meet business objectives, the company relies on both internal information technology (it) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain and operations. the extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, including customer products that are connected to or rely on such systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. the company assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the company to be adversely impacted. this impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. also, increasing use of ai could increase these risks. the company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business or reputational losses.
2023 annual report as a result of increased global tensions, the company expects there will continue to be, an increased risk of information security or cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks perpetrated by adversaries of countries where the company maintains operations. given the potential sophistication of these attacks, the company may not be able to address the threat of information security or cybersecurity incidents proactively or implement adequate preventative measures and we may not be able to detect and address any such disruption or security breach promptly, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. moreover, these threats could also impact our third-party partners resulting in compromise of the company's it systems, networks and data which could negatively affect the company.
a breach of privacy laws or unauthorized access, loss or misuse of personal data could have a negative impact on the company's business or reputation.
the company is subject to privacy and data protection laws across the globe that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, use, storage, access, transfer and protection of personal data. breach of such requirements could result in substantial fines, penalties, private right of actions, claims and damage to our reputation and business. new privacy laws are expected in other territories, together with greater privacy enforcement by governmental authorities globally, particularly on data localization requirements and international data flows. the company has established privacy compliance programs and controls that our businesses worldwide are required to comply with, but with many technology and data-driven initiatives being prioritized across the company and involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are potential risks of controls imposed on cross border data flows, unauthorized access, and loss of personal data through internal and external threats that could impact our business operations and research activities.
the company may be unable to achieve some or all of the anticipated strategic and financial benefits following the separation of kenvue inc. (kenvue), including with respect to the company's remaining ownership interest.
the company incurred significant expenses in connection with the kenvue separation (the separation). in addition, the company may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that are expected to result from the separation. the anticipated benefits of the separation were based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect. the company holds a 9.5% ownership interest in kenvue. the company cannot predict the trading price of shares of kenvue's common stock and the market value of the kenvue shares are subject to market volatility and other factors outside of the company's control. the company intends to divest its ownership interest in kenvue, but there can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of such divestiture. unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the divestiture, including but not limited to financial market conditions.
the company received a private letter ruling from the irs as to the tax-free nature of the separation under the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions of tax advisors, if the irs determines that certain steps of the transaction did not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the resulting tax liability to the company and its shareholders could be substantial. the separation may also not qualify for tax-free treatment in other countries around the world, and as a result may trigger substantial tax liability to the company.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition organization and business segments description of the company and business segments johnson & johnson and its subsidiaries (the company) have approximately 131,900 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. the company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world with the primary focus on products related to human health and well-being.
the company is organized into two business segments: innovative medicine and medtech. the innovative medicine segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas, including immunology, infectious diseases, neuroscience, oncology, pulmonary hypertension, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. the medtech segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the orthopaedic, surgery, interventional solutions and vision fields. these products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics.
the executive committee of johnson & johnson is the principal management group responsible for the strategic operations and allocation of the resources of the company. this committee oversees and coordinates the activities of the innovative medicine and medtech business segments.
in all of its product lines, the company competes with other companies both locally and globally, throughout the world. competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. competition in research, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. the development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success in all areas of its business. the competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research.
management's objectives with "our credo" as the foundation, the company's purpose is to blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly impact health for humanity. the company, believes health is everything. the company's strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. through the company's expertise in innovative medicine and medtech, the company is uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity.
new products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2023 sales. in 2023, $15.1 billion was invested in research and development reflecting management's commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly impact of health for humanity.
a critical driver of the company's success is the diversity of its 131,900 employees worldwide. employees are empowered and inspired to lead with our credo and purpose as guides. this allows every employee to use the company's reach and size to advance the company's purpose, and to also lead with agility and urgency. leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the company to innovate and execute with excellence. this ensures the company can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invest for an enduring impact, ultimately delivering value to its patients, consumers and healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders.
research & development acquisitions* (net of cash acquired)
*includes acquisitions of in process research and development assets that were not accounted for as a business combination dividends paid per share results of operations analysis of consolidated sales for discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to the fiscal years 2022 and 2021 see the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 1, 2023, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition. prior periods disclosed herein were recast to reflect the continuing operations of the company.
in 2023, worldwide sales increased 6.5% to $85.2 billion as compared to an increase of 1.6% in 2022. these sales changes consisted of the following:
the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the worldwide sales growth was a positive impact of 1.5% in 2023 and no impact in 2022.
sales by u.s. companies were $46.4 billion in 2023 and $42.0 billion in 2022. this represents increases of 10.6% in 2023 and 3.3% in 2022. sales by international companies were $38.7 billion in 2023 and $38.0 billion in 2022. this represents an increase of 1.9% in 2023 and a decrease of 0.2% in 2022.
the five-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, u.s. and international sales were 4.7%, 5.2% and 4.1%, respectively. the ten-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, u.s. and international sales were 4.2%, 5.7% and 2.6%, respectively.
in 2023, sales by companies in europe experienced a decline of 1.2% as compared to the prior year, which included an operational decline of 2.2% and a positive currency impact of 1.0%. in fiscal 2023, the net impact of the covid-19 vaccine and the loss of exclusivity of zytiga on the european regions change in operational sales was a negative 9.8%. sales by companies in the western hemisphere, excluding the u.s., achieved growth of 10.7% as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 15.8%, and a negative currency impact of 5.1%. sales by companies in the asia-pacific, africa region achieved growth of 3.9% as compared to the prior year, including operational growth of 9.5% and a negative currency impact of 5.6%.
2023 annual report in 2023, the company utilized three wholesalers distributing products for both segments that represented approximately 18.2%, 15.1% and 14.2% of the total consolidated revenues. in 2022, the company had three wholesalers distributing products for both segments that represented approximately 18.9%, 15.0% and 13.8% of the total consolidated revenues.
note: values may have been rounded analysis of sales by business segments innovative medicine segment(1)
innovative medicine segment sales in 2023 were $54.8 billion, an increase of 4.2% from 2022, which included operational growth of 4.8% and a negative currency impact of 0.6%. u.s. sales were $31.2 billion, an increase of 9.0%. international sales were $23.6 billion, a decrease of 1.5%, which included an operational decline of 0.2% and a negative currency impact of 1.3%. in 2023, acquisitions and divestitures had a net negative impact of 0.1% on the operational sales growth of the worldwide innovative medicine segment.
major innovative medicine therapeutic area sales:
(dollars in millions)                                                  2023                    2022                     total                 operations                currency change                     change                  change total immunology                                                    $18,052                 $16,935                  6.6    %                  7.1     %              (0.5)    %
(2)inclusive of risperdal consta which was previously disclosed separately
(3)inclusive of invokana which was previously disclosed separately
2023 annual report immunology products achieved sales of $18.1 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 6.6% as compared to the prior year. increased sales of stelara (ustekinumab) were primarily driven by patient mix, market growth, and continued strength in inflammatory bowel disease. growth of tremfya (guselkumab) was due to market growth, continued strength in pso/psa (psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis) and patient mix. additionally, simponi/simponi aria growth was driven by growth outside the u.s. lower sales of remicade (infliximab) were due to biosimilar competition.
biosimilar versions of remicade have been introduced in the united states and certain markets outside the united states and additional competitors continue to enter the market. continued infliximab biosimilar competition will result in a further reduction in sales of remicade.
sales of stelara in the united states were approximately $7.0 billion in fiscal 2023. third parties have filed abbreviated biologics license applications with the fda seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of stelara. the company has settled certain litigation under the biosimilar price competition and innovation act of 2009. as a result of these settlements and other agreements with separate third parties, the company does not anticipate the launch of a biosimilar version of stelara until january 1, 2025 in the united states.
infectious disease products sales were $4.4 billion in 2023, a decline of 18.9% as compared to the prior year primarily driven by a decline in covid-19 vaccine revenue and loss of exclusivity of prezista .
neuroscience products sales were $7.1 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 3.6% as compared to the prior year. the growth of spravato (esketamine) was driven by ongoing launches as well as increased physician confidence and patient demand. growth was partially offset by declines in risperdal/risperdal consta and the paliperidone long-acting injectables outside the u.s. due to the xeplion loss of exclusivity in the european union.
oncology products achieved sales of $17.7 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 10.5% as compared to the prior year. sales of darzalex (daratumumab) were driven by continued share gains in all regions and market growth. growth of erleada (apalutamide) was due to continued share gains and market growth in metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer. sales of carvykti (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by the ongoing launch, share gains and capacity improvement. additionally, sales from the launch of tecvayli (teclistamab-cqyv) and talvey (talquetamab-tgvs), included in other oncology, contributed to the growth. growth was partially offset by zytiga (abiraterone acetate) due to loss of exclusivity and imbruvica (ibrutinib) due to global competitive pressures.
pulmonary hypertension products sales were $3.8 billion, representing an increase of 11.6% as compared to the prior year. sales growth was due to favorable patient mix, share gains and market growth from uptravi (selexipag) and opsumit (macitentan) partially offset by declines in other pulmonary hypertension.
cardiovascular/metabolism/other products sales were $3.7 billion, a decline of 5.5% as compared to the prior year. the decline of xarelto (rivaroxaban) sales was primarily driven by unfavorable patient mix and access changes.
the company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location other than the billing location. this policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340b covered entities for most of the company's drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. both grantee and non-grantee covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. the company has been and will continue to offer 340b discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited by the 340b statute. the 340b drug pricing program is a u.s. federal government program requiring drug manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities. this policy had discount implications which positively impacted sales to customers in 2023.
(chemical name)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 approval       approval       filing         filing akeega (niraparib and abiraterone acetate)         first-and-only dual action tablet for the treatment of patients with brca-positive metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (magnitude)                                               •              •
balversa (erdafitinib)                             treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma and selected fibroblast growth factor receptor gene alterations (thor)                                                                      •              •
carvykti (ciltacabtagene autoleucel)               treatment for relapsed and refactor multiple myeloma with 1-3 pl (cartitude-4)                                                                                                                                             •              •
rybrevant (amivantamab)                            in combination with chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of adult patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer with activating egfr exon 20 insertion mutations (papillon)                                       •              •
tecvayli (teclistamab)                             treatment of patients with relapsed refractory multiple myeloma biweekly dosing                                                                                                                             •
talvey (talquetamab)                               treatment of patients with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma                                                                                                                          •              •
2023 annual report medtech segment the medtech segment sales in 2023 were $30.4 billion, an increase of 10.8% from 2022, which included operational growth of 12.4% and a negative currency impact of 1.6%. u.s. sales were $15.3 billion, an increase of 14.2% as compared to the prior year. international sales were $15.1 billion, an increase of 7.7% as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 10.6% and a negative currency impact of 2.9%. in 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the medtech segment worldwide operational sales growth was a positive 4.6% primarily related to the abiomed acquisition.
major medtech franchise sales:
(dollars in millions)                                   2023                    2022                   total                 operations       currency change                     change         change surgery                                           $10,037                   9,690                   3.6    %                  5.5     %     (1.9)    %
*    percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful the surgery franchise sales were $10.0 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 3.6% from 2022. the growth in advanced surgery was primarily driven by biosurgery global procedure growth and strength of the portfolio as well as uptake of new products in endocutters and energy. the growth was partially offset by competitive pressures and volume-based procurement impacts in endocutters and energy. the growth in general surgery was primarily driven by increased procedures coupled with technology penetration and benefits from the differentiated wound closure portfolio.
the orthopaedics franchise sales were $8.9 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 4.1% from 2022. the growth in hips reflects global procedure growth and continued strength of the portfolio partially offset by volume-based procurement impacts and russia sanctions. the growth in knees was primarily driven by procedures, benefits from recent product additions to the attune portfolio and pull through related to the velys robotic assisted solution. this was partially offset by stocking dynamics, primarily outside the u.s. the growth in trauma was driven by global procedures and the adoption of recently launched products. this was partially offset by volume-based procurement impacts. the growth in spine, sports & other was primarily driven by digital solutions, shoulders, sports and craniomaxillofacial products partially offset by russia sanctions and supply constraints, primarily outside the u.s.
the interventional solutions franchise achieved sales of $6.4 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 47.7% from 2022, which includes sales from abiomed acquired on december 22, 2022. electrophysiology grew by double digits due to global procedure growth, new product performance and commercial execution. this was partially offset by the impacts of volume-based procurement in china. abiomed sales reflect the strength of all commercialized regions and continued adoption of impella 5.5 and impella rp.
the vision franchise achieved sales of $5.1 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 4.6% from 2022. the contact lenses/other growth was primarily driven by the continued strong performance in the acuvue oasys 1-day family including recent launches and commercial execution. this was partially offset by impacts of u.s. stocking dynamics, russia sanctions, impacts from strategic portfolio decisions and supply challenges. the surgical operational growth was primarily driven by cataract procedure growth, continued strength of recent innovations and reduction of prior year stocking outside the u.s. this was partially offset by softer refractive and premium iol markets and russia sanctions.
analysis of consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income was $15.1 billion and $19.4 billion for the years 2023 and 2022, respectively. as a percent to sales, consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income was 17.7% and 24.2%, in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
cost of products sold and selling, marketing and administrative expenses:
cost of products sold selling, marketing & administrative
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales driven by:
•commodity inflation, unfavorable product mix, restructuring related excess inventory costs and abiomed amortization in the medtech business partially offset by
•favorable patient mix and lower one-time covid-19 vaccine manufacturing related exit costs in 2023 in the innovative medicine business the intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold was $4.5 billion and $3.9 billion for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively.
2023 annual report selling, marketing and administrative expense:
selling, marketing and administrative expenses decreased slightly as a percent to sales driven by:
•leveraging in selling and marketing expenses both the innovative medicine and medtech businesses partially offset by
•an increase in administrative costs research and development expense:
research and development expense by segment of business was as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                         amount       % of sales*                    amount       % of sales*
total research and development expense                  $15,085             17.7     %              $14,135             17.7     %
*as a percent to segment sales research and development activities represent a significant part of the company's business. these expenditures relate to the processes of discovering, testing and developing new products, upfront payments and developmental milestones, improving existing products, as well as ensuring product efficacy and regulatory compliance prior to launch. the company remains committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high quality and innovative products.
research and development was flat as a percent to sales primarily driven by:
•higher milestone payments in the innovative medicine business
•acquired in-process research & development asset from the laminar acquisition in the medtech business in the fiscal year 2023
offset by
•portfolio prioritization in the innovative medicine business in-process research and development impairments (ipr&d): in the fiscal year 2023, the company recorded a charge of approximately $0.3 billion which included $0.2 billion related to market dynamics associated with a non-strategic asset (m710) acquired as part of the acquisition of momenta pharmaceuticals in 2020, in the fiscal year 2022, the company recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of approximately $0.8 billion related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab (jnj-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of atopic dermatitis (ad) and hidradenitis suppurativa (hs). additional information regarding efficacy of the ad indication and hs indication became available which led the company to the decision to terminate the development of bermekimab for both ad and hs. the company acquired all rights to bermekimab from xbiotech, inc. in the fiscal year 2020.
other (income) expense, net: other (income) expense, net is the account where the company records gains and losses related to the sale and write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by johnson & johnson innovation - jjdc, inc. (jjdc), changes in the fair value of securities, investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit programs, gains and losses on divestitures, certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition and divestiture related costs, litigation accruals and settlements, as well as royalty income.
(dollars in billions)(income)/expense                            2023        2022         change litigation related(1)                                            $6.9         0.9            6.0
changes in the fair value of securities(2)                        0.6         0.7          (0.1)
employee benefit plan related                                   (1.4)       (1.2)          (0.2)
(1)2023 was primarily related to the approximately $7.0 billion charge for talc (see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for more details) and favorable intellectual property related litigation settlements of approximately $0.3 billion. 2022 was primarily related to pelvic mesh.
(2)the fiscal 2023 includes $0.4 billion related to the unfavorable change in the fair value of the remaining stake in kenvue and $0.4 billion related to the partial impairment of idorsia convertible debt and the change in the fair value of the idorsia equity securities held.
(3)2023 primarily related to the impairment of ponvory and one-time integration costs related to the acquisition of abiomed. 2022 was primarily costs related to the acquisition of abiomed.
interest (income) expense: interest income in the fiscal year 2023 was $1.3 billion as compared to interest income of $0.5 billion in the fiscal year 2022 primarily due to higher rates of interest earned on cash balances. interest expense in the fiscal year 2023 was $0.8 billion as compared to interest expense of $0.3 billion in the fiscal year 2022 primarily due to higher interest rates on debt balances. cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $22.9 billion at the end of 2023, and averaged $22.6 billion as compared to the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities total of $22.3 billion and $26.9 billion average balance in 2022. the total debt balance at the end of 2023 was $29.3 billion with an average debt balance of $34.5 billion as compared to $39.6 billion at the end of 2022 and an average debt balance of $36.7 billion. the lower average cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was primarily due to the acquisition of abiomed in late december of 2022. the lower average debt balance was primarily due to the repayment of commercial paper.
income before tax by segment income (loss) before tax by segment of business were as follows:
income before tax                          segment sales                           percent of segment sales
(1)see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for more details.
(2)amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense and general corporate (income) expense. fiscal 2023 includes an approximately $7.0 billion charge related to talc matters and the approximately $0.4 billion unfavorable change in the fair value of the retained stake in kenvue.
in 2023, the innovative medicine segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 33.3% versus 29.8% in 2022. the increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales was primarily driven by the following:
•lower one-time covid-19 vaccine related exit costs of $0.7 billion in 2023 versus $1.5 billion in 2022
•lower in-process research & development impairments of $0.2 billion in 2023 versus $0.8 billion in 2022
•unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities in 2023 of $0.4 billion as compared to $0.7 billion in 2022
•lower litigation related expense of $0.2 billion
•leveraging in selling and marketing expenses
•r&d portfolio prioritization partially offset by
•restructuring charges of $0.5 billion in 2023 versus $0.1 billion in 2022
•impairment of ponvory in 2023
•higher amortization expense of $0.5 billion in 2023 related to abiomed
•expense of $0.4 billion for an acquired in process research and development asset from the laminar acquisition in 2023
partially offset by
•income from litigation settlements of $0.1 billion in 2023 versus expense of $0.6 billion in 2022
•lower integration/acquisition costs related to abiomed of $0.2 billion in 2023 versus $0.3 billion in 2022
•leveraging in selling and marketing expenses in 2023
restructuring: in the fiscal year 2023, the company completed a prioritization of its research and development (r&d) investment within the innovative medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to patients. this resulted in the exit of certain programs within therapeutic areas. the r&d program exits are primarily in infectious diseases and vaccines including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial virus (rsv) adult vaccine program, hepatitis and hiv development. the pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $0.5 billion in the fiscal year 2023, of which $449 million was recorded in restructuring and $30 million was recorded in cost of products sold on the consolidated statement of earnings, included the termination of partnered and non-partnered program costs and asset impairments.
in the fiscal year 2023, the company initiated a restructuring program of its orthopaedics franchise within the medtech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network arrangements. the pre-tax restructuring expense of $0.3 billion in the fiscal year 2023, of which $40 million was recorded in restructuring and $279 million was recorded in cost of products sold on the consolidated statement of earnings, primarily included inventory and instrument charges related to market and product exits.
in 2022, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $0.4 billion related to a restructuring program of its global supply chain. the global supply chain program was announced in the second quarter of 2018 and was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022.
see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details related to the restructuring programs.
on december 15, 2022, the european union (eu) member states formally adopted the eu's pillar two directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd) pillar two framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. as of december 31, 2023, several eu and non-eu countries have enacted pillar 2 legislation with an initial effective date of january 1, 2024, with other aspects of the law effective in 2025 or later. the company is estimating that as result of this legislation the 2024 effective tax rate will increase by approximately 1.5% or 150 basis points compared to fiscal 2023. further legislation, guidance and regulations that may be issued in fiscal 2024, as well as other business events, may impact this estimate.
for discussion related to the fiscal 2023 provision for taxes refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity & cash flows cash and cash equivalents were $21.9 billion at the end of 2023 as compared to $14.1 billion at the end of 2022.
the primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the $7.8 billion increase were:
22.8        cash generated from operating activities
(0.1)            effect of exchange rate and rounding
$21.9       q4 2023 cash and cash equivalents balance in addition, the company had $1.1 billion in marketable securities at the end of fiscal year 2023 and $9.4 billion at the end of fiscal year 2022. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
cash flow from operations of $22.8 billion was the result of:
(14.9)         gain on the kenvue separation, net gain on sale of assets/businesses and the deferred tax provision partially offset by non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, asset write-downs and charge for purchase of in process research and development assets
2023 annual report cash flow from investing activities of $0.9 billion was primarily due to:
0.4           proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net
(0.5)        purchases of in-process research and development assets
8.5                                       net sales of investments
(3.0)                        credit support agreements activity, net
$0.9                             net cash from investing activities cash flow used for financing activities of $15.8 billion was primarily due to:
(5.1)                                                                                                       repurchase of common stock
(0.2)                                                                                          credit support agreements activity, net
8.0         proceeds of short and long-term debt, net of issuance cost, related to the debt that transferred to kenvue at separation
4.2                                                                                     proceeds from kenvue initial public offering
$(15.8)                                                                                           net cash used for financing activities as of december 31, 2023, the company's notes payable and long-term debt was in excess of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. as of december 31, 2023, the net debt position was $6.4 billion as compared to the prior year of $17.4 billion. the debt balance at the end of 2023 was $29.3 billion as compared to $39.6 billion in 2022. considering recent market conditions, the company has re-evaluated its operating cash flows and liquidity profile and does not foresee any significant incremental risk. the company anticipates that operating cash flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed credit facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund operating needs, including the company's remaining balance to be paid on the agreement to settle opioid litigation for approximately $2.1 billion and the establishment of the approximately $9 billion reserve for talc matters (see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details). in addition, the company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise capital when market conditions are favorable.
on may 8, 2023, kenvue, completed an initial public offering (the ipo) resulting in the issuance of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the kenvue common stock), at an initial public offering of $22.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.2 billion. the excess of the net proceeds from the ipo over the net book value of the johnson & johnson divested interest was $2.5 billion and was recorded to additional paid-in capital. as of the closing of the ipo, johnson & johnson owned approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of kenvue common stock and at july 2, 2023, the non-controlling interest of $1.3 billion associated with kenvue was reflected in equity attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet.
on august 23, 2023, johnson & johnson completed the disposition of an additional 80.1% ownership of kenvue common stock through an exchange offer, which resulted in johnson & johnson acquiring 190,955,436 shares of the company's common stock in exchange for 1,533,830,450 shares of kenvue common stock. the $31.4 billion of johnson & johnson common stock received in the exchange offer is recorded in treasury stock. following the exchange offer, the company owns 9.5% of the total outstanding shares of kenvue common stock that was recorded in other assets within continuing operations at the fair market value of $4.3 billion as of august 23, 2023 and $3.9 billion as of december 31, 2023.
johnson & johnson divested net assets of $11.6 billion as of august 23, 2023, and the accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to the consumer health business at that date was $4.3 billion. additionally, at the date of the exchange offer, johnson & johnson decreased the non-controlling interest by $1.2 billion to record the deconsolidation of kenvue. this resulted in a gain on the exchange offer of $21.0 billion that was recorded in net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes in the consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal third quarter of 2023. this one-time gain includes a gain of $2.8 billion on the kenvue common stock retained by johnson & johnson. the gain on the exchange offer qualifies as a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
on september 14, 2022, the company announced that its board of directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the company's common stock. in the fiscal year 2022, approximately $2.5 billion was repurchased under the program. in the fiscal year 2023, $2.5 billion has been repurchased and the repurchase program was completed.
the following table summarizes the company's material contractual obligations and their aggregate maturities as of december 31, 2023: to satisfy these obligations, the company intends to use cash from operations.
for tax matters, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
2023 annual report financing and market risk the company uses financial instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate changes on cash flows. accordingly, the company enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect the value of certain foreign currency assets and liabilities and to hedge future foreign currency transactions primarily related to product costs. gains or losses on these contracts are offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions. a 10% appreciation of the u.s. dollar from the december 31, 2023 market rates would increase the unrealized value of the company's forward contracts by $0.1 billion. conversely, a 10% depreciation of the u.s. dollar from the december 31, 2023 market rates would decrease the unrealized value of the company's forward contracts by $0.1 billion. in either scenario, the gain or loss on the forward contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated earnings and cash flows.
the company hedges the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and the effect on certain assets and liabilities in foreign currency, by entering into currency swap contracts. a 1% change in the spread between u.s. and foreign interest rates on the company's interest rate sensitive financial instruments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of the company's swap contracts by approximately $1.6 billion. in either scenario, at maturity, the gain or loss on the swap contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated cash flows.
the company does not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. further, the company has a policy of only entering into contracts with parties that have at least an investment grade credit rating. the counterparties to these contracts are major financial institutions and there is no significant concentration of exposure with any one counterparty. management believes the risk of loss is remote. the company entered into credit support agreements (csa) with certain derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting agreements. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on credit support agreements.
the company invests in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities which carry a degree of interest rate risk. the fair market value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. a 1% (100 basis points) change in spread on the company's interest rate sensitive investments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of cash equivalents and current marketable securities by less than $0.8 billion.
the company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. in september 2023, the company secured a new 364-day credit facility of $10 billion, which expires on september 5, 2024. the company early terminated the additional 364-day revolving credit facility of $10 billion, which had an expiration of november 21, 2023. interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either secured overnight financing rate (sofr) reference rate or other applicable market rate as allowed plus applicable margins. commitment fees under the agreement are not material.
total borrowings at the end of 2023 and 2022 were $29.3 billion and $39.6 billion, respectively. the decrease in the debt balance was due to the repayment of commercial paper. in 2023, net debt (cash and current marketable securities, net of debt) was $6.4 billion compared to net debt of $17.4 billion in 2022. total debt represented 30.0% of total capital (shareholders' equity and total debt) in 2023 and 34.0% of total capital in 2022. shareholders' equity per share at the end of 2023 was $28.57 compared to $29.39 at year-end 2022.
a summary of borrowings can be found in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
on january 2, 2024, the board of directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.19 per share, payable on march 5, 2024 to shareholders of record as of february 20, 2024.
other information critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are based on the company's consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap). the preparation of these financial statements requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported for revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and other related disclosures. actual results may or may not differ from these estimates. the company believes that the understanding of certain key accounting policies and estimates are essential in achieving more insight into the company's operating results and financial condition. these key accounting policies include revenue recognition, income taxes, legal and self-insurance contingencies, valuation of long-lived assets, assumptions used to determine the amounts recorded for pensions and other employee benefit plans and accounting for stock based awards.
revenue recognition: the company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers. the company's global payment terms are typically between 30 to 90 days. provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, trade promotions, coupons, product returns, discounts to customers and governmental clawback provisions are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales.
product discounts granted are based on the terms of arrangements with direct, indirect and other market participants, as well as market conditions, including consideration of competitor pricing. rebates are estimated based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis and projected market conditions in the various markets served. the company evaluates market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information.
sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical sales and returns information. products that exhibit unusual sales or return patterns due to dating, competition or other marketing matters are specifically investigated and analyzed as part of the accounting for sales return accruals.
sales returns allowances represent a reserve for products that may be returned due to expiration, destruction in the field, or in specific areas, product recall. the sales returns reserve is based on historical return trends by product and by market as a percent to gross sales. in accordance with the company's accounting policies, the company generally issues credit to customers for returned goods. the company's sales returns reserves are accounted for in accordance with the u.s. gaap guidance for revenue recognition when right of return exists. sales returns reserves are recorded at full sales value. sales returns in the innovative medicine segments are almost exclusively not resalable. sales returns for certain franchises in the medtech segment are typically resalable but are not material. the company infrequently exchanges products from inventory for returned products. the sales returns reserve for the total company has been less than 1.0% of annual net trade sales during the fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021.
promotional programs, such as product listing allowances are recorded in the same period as related sales and include volume-based sales incentive programs. volume-based incentive programs are based on the estimated sales volumes for the incentive period and are recorded as products are sold. these arrangements are evaluated to determine the appropriate amounts to be deferred or recorded as a reduction of revenue. the company also earns profit-share payments through collaborative arrangements of certain products, which are included in sales to customers. profit-share payments were less than 2.0% of the total revenues in fiscal year 2023 and less than 3.0% of the total revenues in fiscal year 2022 and 2021 are included in sales to customers.
in addition, the company enters into collaboration arrangements that contain multiple revenue generating activities. amounts due from collaborative partners for these arrangements are recognized as each activity is performed or delivered, based on the relative selling price. upfront fees received as part of these arrangements are deferred and recognized over the performance period. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional disclosures on collaborations.
reasonably likely changes to assumptions used to calculate the accruals for rebates, returns and promotions are not anticipated to have a material effect on the financial statements. the company currently discloses the impact of changes to assumptions in the quarterly or annual filing in which there is a material financial statement impact.
2023 annual report below are tables that show the progression of accrued rebates, returns, promotions, reserve for doubtful accounts and reserve for cash discounts by segment of business for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2023 and january 1, 2023.
(dollars in millions)                    balance atbeginningof period       accruals        payments/credits(2)        balance atend ofperiod
(1)includes reserve for customer rebates of $165 million at december 31, 2023 and $203 million at january 1, 2023, recorded as a contra asset.
(2)includes prior period adjustments
(dollars in millions)                       balance at       accruals         payments/        balance at beginning of                          credits            end of period                                             period
(1)includes reserve for customer rebates of $740 million at december 31, 2023 and $802 million at january 1, 2023, recorded as a contra asset.
income taxes: income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current year and include the results of any difference between u.s. gaap accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. the company estimates deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities.
the company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. the company follows u.s. gaap, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. management believes that changes in these estimates would not have a material effect on the company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
the company has recorded deferred tax liabilities on all undistributed earnings prior to december 31, 2017 from its international subsidiaries. the company has not provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings subsequent to january 1, 2018 from certain international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. the company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in those international operations. if the company decides at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the u.s., the company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. the company estimates that the tax effect of this repatriation would be approximately $0.5 billion under currently enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. this amount does not include the possible benefit of u.s. foreign tax credits, which may substantially offset this cost.
see note 1 and note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
legal and self insurance contingencies: the company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings and product liability claims as these arise in the normal course of business. the accruals are based on management's judgment as to the probability of losses and, where applicable, actuarially determined estimates. the company has self insurance through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. in addition to accruals in the self insurance program, claims that exceed the insurance coverage are accrued when losses are probable and amounts can be reasonably estimated.
the company follows the provisions of u.s. gaap when recording litigation related contingencies. a liability is recorded when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
2023 annual report see notes 1 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding product liability and legal proceedings.
long-lived and intangible assets: the company assesses changes, both qualitatively and quantitatively, in economic conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows in evaluating the value of the company's property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. as these assumptions and estimates may change over time, it may or may not be necessary for the company to record impairment charges.
employee benefit plans: the company sponsors various retirement and pension plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which cover most employees worldwide. these plans are based on assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, expected salary increases, healthcare cost trend rates and attrition rates. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on these rates.
stock based compensation: the company recognizes compensation expense associated with the issuance of equity instruments to employees for their services. based on the type of equity instrument, the fair value is estimated on the date of grant using either the black-scholes option valuation model or a combination of both the black-scholes option valuation model and monte carlo valuation model, and is expensed in the financial statements over the service period. the input assumptions used in determining fair value are the expected life, expected volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. for performance share units, the fair market value is calculated for the two component goals at the date of grant: adjusted operational earnings per share and relative total shareholder return. the fair values for the earnings per share goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the fair market value of the shares at the time of the award, discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the performance share units during the vesting period. the fair value for the relative total shareholder return goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the monte carlo valuation model. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2023.
economic and market factors the company is aware that its products are used in an environment where, for more than a decade, policymakers, consumers and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of healthcare. in response to these concerns, the company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly. for the period 2013 - 2023, in the u.s., the weighted average compound annual growth rate of the company's net price increases for healthcare products (prescription and over-the-counter drugs, hospital and professional products) was below the u.s. consumer price index (cpi).
the company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges. the company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. inflation rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way companies operate. the company has accounted for operations in argentina, venezuela and turkey (beginning in the fiscal second quarter of 2022) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. this did not have a material impact to the company's results in the period. in the face of increasing costs, the company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.
in december 2023, the argentine government devalued the peso by approximately 50%. during 2023, the company recorded a charge of approximately $130 million related to operations in argentina due to the application of highly inflationary accounting. as of december 31, 2023, the company's argentine subsidiaries represented less than 1.0% of the company's consolidated assets, liabilities, revenues and profits from continuing operations; therefore, the effect of a change in the exchange rate is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company's 2024 full-year results.
in july 2023, janssen pharmaceuticals, inc. (janssen) filed litigation against the u.s. department of health and human services as well as the centers for medicare and medicaid services challenging the constitutionality of the inflation reduction act's (ira) medicare drug price negotiation program. the litigation requests a declaration that the ira violates janssen's rights under the first amendment and the fifth amendment to the constitution and therefore that janssen is not subject to the ira's mandatory pricing scheme.
russia-ukraine war although the long-term implications of russia's invasion of ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal year 2023, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. as of and for each of the fiscal years ending december 31, 2023 and january 1, 2023, the business of the company's russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the company's consolidated assets and represented 1% of revenues. the company does not maintain ukraine subsidiaries subsequent to the kenvue separation.
in early march of 2022, the company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any additional investment in russia. the company continues to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare purposes.
conflict in the middle east although the long-term implications of israel's conflict are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal year 2023, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. as of and for the fiscal year ending december 31, 2023, the business of the company's israel subsidiaries represented 1% of the company's consolidated assets and represented less than 1% of revenues.
the company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. a 1% change in the value of the u.s. dollar as compared to all foreign currencies in which the company had sales, income or expense in 2023 would have increased or decreased the translation of foreign sales by approximately $0.4 billion and net income by approximately $0.2 billion.
governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. in connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. a change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. this change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the company's consolidated statement of earnings. the company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
the company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that include healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, pricing and reimbursement of healthcare products.
changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing healthcare insurance coverage may continue to impact the company's businesses.
2023 annual report the company also operates in an environment increasingly hostile to intellectual property rights. firms have filed abbreviated new drug applications or biosimilar biological product applications with the u.s. fda or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the company's patents, seeking to market generic or biosimilar forms of many of the company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. in the event the company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue will be introduced to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. there is also a risk that one or more competitors could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents are in place.
legal proceedings johnson & johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, employment, indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business.
the company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. as of december 31, 2023, the company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated. the company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with asc 450-20-25, contingencies. for these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. the ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. to the extent adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the company, the company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.
in the company's opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the company's balance sheet, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position. however, the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows for that period.
see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for further information regarding legal proceedings.
common stock the company's common stock is listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol jnj. as of february 9, 2024, there were 118,772 record holders of common stock of the company.