our non-u.s. business is subject to regulatory oversight in all the countries in which we operate regulated businesses, such as exchanges, clearinghouses or central securities depositories. in these countries, we have received authorization from the relevant authorities to conduct our regulated business activities. the authorities may issue regulatory fines or may ultimately revoke our authorizations if we do not suitably carry out our regulated business activities. the authorities are also entitled to request that we adopt measures in order to ensure that we continue to fulfill the authorities' requirements. we are also subject to current and forthcoming regulations applicable to the financial services sector generally including, but not limited to, the digital operational resilience act, or dora, which will become effective in 2025. such regulations may impact our operational, contracting and compliance costs by requiring the implementation of new risk management procedures, requirements for procuring information and communication technology services, and ongoing processes to monitor compliance; failure to maintain compliance may cause us to be subject to regulatory actions and fines. additionally, we are subject to the obligations under the benchmark regulation ((eu) 2016/1011), compliance with which could be costly or cause a change in our business practices.
regulatory changes adopted by the sec or other regulators of our markets, and regulatory changes that our markets may adopt in fulfillment of their regulatory obligations, could materially affect our business operations. in recent years, there has been increased regulatory and governmental focus on issues affecting the securities markets, including market structure, technological oversight and fees for proprietary market data, connectivity and transactions. the sec, finra and the national securities exchanges have introduced several initiatives to ensure the oversight, integrity and resilience of markets. in december 2022, the sec proposed significant rule changes that, if adopted in their current form, would substantially alter how stocks are traded in the united states. in october 2023, the sec proposed to require exchanges to modify their pricing practices for certain types of transactions. while we and other market participants have the opportunity to submit comments on these proposals, and we will adjust our business model in accordance with any new sec regulations implemented, the adoption of these proposals regarding trading may negatively impact our business and revenue.
our organizational documents place restrictions on the voting rights of certain stockholders. the holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders except that no person may exercise voting rights in respect of any shares in excess of 5% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. any change to the 5% voting limitation would require sec approval.
our organizational documents contain provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control of us, such as a tender offer or takeover proposal that might result in a premium over the market price for our common stock. additionally, certain of these provisions make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of our board of directors, which could result in entrenchment of current management.
business segments our organizational structure aligns our businesses with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. following the acquisition of adenza, we further refined the divisional structure into capital access platforms, financial technology and market services reportable segments. all prior periods have been restated to conform to the current period presentation. see note 1, "organization and nature of operations," and note 19, "business segments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our reportable segments and geographic data, as well as how management allocates resources, assesses performance and manages these businesses as three separate segments. see "part i, item 1. business" for additional discussion on recent developments and highlights.
we perform our goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level. for 2023, we performed the goodwill impairment test under our previous organizational structure which included three reporting units: market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime segments and under our current organization structure, which includes the following three reporting units: capital access platforms, financial technology and market services segments.