item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. each of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, as well as, in certain cases, the value of an investment in our securities. although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated.
risks related to our business, industry, and operations our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the price of feedstocks and the market price at which we can sell our products.
our financial results are affected by the relationship, or margin, between our product prices and the prices for crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks that we purchase, which can vary based on global, regional, and local market conditions, as well as by type and class of product. historically, product margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. our cost to acquire feedstocks and the price at which we can ultimately sell products depend upon several factors beyond our control, including regional and global supplies of and demand for feedstocks (such as crude oil, waste and renewable feedstocks, and corn), liquid transportation fuels (such as gasoline, diesel, renewable diesel, and ethanol), and other products. these in turn depend on, among other things, the availability and quantity of feedstocks and liquid transportation fuels imported into the countries in which we operate, the production levels of suppliers, levels of product inventories, productivity and growth (or the lack thereof) of the u.s. and global economies, the u.s. government's relationships with foreign governments, political affairs, the extent of government regulation, and the events described in many of the other risk factors below. the ability of the members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries (opec) to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls has also had, and is likely to continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of crude oil and certain of our products. additionally, the regulations, policies, and standards discussed under "items 1. and 2. business and properties-our comprehensive liquid fuels strategy-regulations, policies, and standards driving low-carbon fuel demand" have had, and are likely to continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of the feedstocks for, and products produced by, our low-carbon fuels businesses. any adverse change in these regulations, policies, and standards (including, for example, changes in the price of carbon or other inputs that affect the value of our low-carbon fuels, such as approved fuel pathways, credits, or incentives) could have a material adverse effect on the margins we receive for our low-carbon fuels.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on product margins are uncertain. we do not produce crude oil, waste, renewable feedstocks (except inedible distillers corn oils), corn, or other primary feedstocks, and must purchase nearly all of the feedstocks we process. we generally purchase our feedstocks long before we process them and sell the resulting products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the resulting products has had, and could continue to have, a significant effect on our financial results. a decline in market prices for our products and feedstocks has had, and could again have, a negative impact to the carrying value of our inventories. factors outside of our control, such as economic uncertainty, inflation (and the potential for increased prices to create demand destruction), persistently high interest rates, public health crises (such as the covid-19 pandemic), and political unrest or hostilities, have affected, and could continue to affect, economic activity and growth levels of the u.s. and other countries. a decrease in the demand for and consumption of our products due to lower economic activity and growth table of contents levels has caused, and could again cause, declines in our revenues and margins and could negatively impact our growth prospects and capital allocation decisions.
additionally, a significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils. these crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on many factors, including overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude oil and refined petroleum products. previous declines in such differentials have had, and any future declines will likely again have, a negative impact on our results of operations.
we are subject to risks arising from industry and market developments that could decrease the demand for our products.
a reduction in the demand for our products could result from a transition by consumers to alternative fuel vehicles, such as electric vehicles (evs) and hybrid vehicles, whether as a result of government mandates or incentives, industry developments, or consumer or investor sentiment towards fossil fuels and ghg emissions. new developments may make alternative fuel vehicles more affordable or desirable, including improvements in battery and storage technology, increases in driving ranges, increased availability of charging stations and other infrastructure, expanded and more reliable supply chains, and improvements in hydrogen fuel cell technology. any such developments could increase consumer acceptance and result in greater market penetration of alternative fuel vehicles.
there may be new entrants into the low-carbon fuels industry that could meet demand for lower-carbon transportation fuels and modes of transportation in a more efficient or less costly manner than our technologies and products. for example, several other companies have made, or announced interest in making, investments in renewable diesel, saf, and other low-carbon projects. as these projects develop, we will face increased competition, including for feedstocks and customers, which could reduce our product margins and limit the growth and profitability of our low-carbon fuels businesses. while it is not currently possible to predict the ultimate form, timing, or extent of any such developments, any such event could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are subject to risks arising from sentiment towards climate change, fossil fuels, ghg emissions, environmental justice, and other environmental, social, and governance (esg) matters.
in recent years, a number of advocacy groups, both in the u.s. and internationally, have campaigned for government and private action to promote climate and other esg-related changes, particularly at public companies, through activities including investment, engagement, and voting practices. these activities have included promoting the divestment of securities of fossil fuel companies, pressuring fossil fuel companies to commit to future output reductions, and pressuring lenders, insurers, and other market participants to limit or curtail activities with fossil fuel companies. as a result, we believe some parties have reduced or ceased lending to, investing in, or insuring fossil fuel companies. if these or similar efforts are continued, our ability to access capital markets, obtain new investment or financing, or to fully insure our operations may be negatively impacted.
these activities have also aimed to increase the attention on and demand for action related to various esg matters, which has contributed to increasing societal, investor, and legislative focus and pressure on esg practices and disclosures, including those related to climate change, ghg emissions targets, business resilience under the assumptions of demand-constrained scenarios, net-zero ambitions, ghg reduction table of contents plans, actions related to human capital management, political activities, environmental justice, racial equity audits, and governance standards. for example, esg-focused activism has increased in the fossil fuel industry and has resulted in more frequent attempts to effect business or governance changes through mechanisms such as stockholder proposals, vote-no campaigns, and exempt proxy solicitations. as a result, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, increasing pressure regarding our esg and climate-related disclosures, including our ghg emissions targets and ambition (including our methodologies and timelines with respect thereto), negative publicity, prescriptive stockholder requests, and demands for esg-focused engagement. esg has also become an increasingly politically charged issue, and "anti-esg" sentiment and increased scrutiny and skepticism of esg policies and practices have resulted in, and could continue to result in, additional demands and strains on companies.
responding to such esg-focused activism has been, and will likely continue to be, costly and time-consuming. such response efforts have resulted in, and could continue to result in, the implementation of certain practices and disclosures that may present a heightened level of legal and regulatory risk, or that threaten our credibility with other investors and stakeholders. the methodologies and standards for tracking and reporting on esg matters are relatively new, have not been standardized, and continue to evolve. as a result, our esg-related metrics, targets, ambitions, and other disclosures, may not necessarily be calculated or presented in the same manner or be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by us in other contexts, or by other companies or third-party estimates or disclosures, and our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others. while we believe that our esg disclosures and methodologies reflect our business strategy and are reasonable at the time made or used, as our business or applicable methodologies, standards, or regulations develop and evolve, we may revise or cease reporting or using certain disclosures and methodologies if we determine that they are no longer advisable or appropriate, or are otherwise required to do so.
our operations depend on the reliable supply of natural gas and electricity, which exposes us to various risks.
our operations depend on the reliable supply of natural gas and electricity. we consume significant amounts of natural gas and electricity to operate our refineries and plants, and natural gas and electricity prices have a measurable effect on the total cost of our operations. we also purchase other commodities whose prices may vary depending on the prices of natural gas or electricity. the volatility of prices for both natural gas and electricity represent an ongoing challenge to our operating results. additionally, the availability and cost of natural gas and electricity have been, and could continue to be, affected by numerous events, such as government regulations, weather (e.g., hurricanes and periods of considerable heat or cold, such as winter storm uri in 2021), logistics interruptions, electric grid outages, cybersecurity incidents, intermittent electricity generation (particularly from wind and solar), hostilities, sanctions, human error, and supply and demand imbalances for natural gas and electricity. for example, the real-time market structure of the primary grid provider in texas exposes many of our refineries and operations located in texas to "scarcity pricing" during periods of supply and demand imbalance. as electrification continues to grow, or if there are increased restrictions or costs imposed on the ability of utilities or power suppliers to utilize certain energy sources (such as through restrictions on fossil fuel or nuclear-generated electricity or esg pressure not to use such sources of electricity generation), there will likely be increased strains on and risks to the integrity, reliability, and resilience of electrical grids, and increased volatility and tightness in natural gas and electricity supplies across the world. these events could negatively affect the cost, reliability, and availability of our natural gas and electricity supplies and may cause sporadic outages disrupting our operations. growing electrification and rapidly developing and increasing technology use (such as artificial intelligence, computer processing, cryptocurrency mining, and cloud storage, and the data centers and power supplies required to support these activities) will also table of contents likely increase the intermittency and decrease the reliability of electricity supplies, particularly for grids highly dependent upon wind and solar power, which would exacerbate the foregoing challenges. additionally, increased government regulations and public opposition to pipeline construction and electricity generation and transmission projects have resulted in, and could continue to result in, the underinvestment in, or unavailability of, the infrastructure and logistics assets needed to obtain natural gas feedstocks and electricity in a reliable and cost-efficient manner. although we actively manage these risks through contracting and hedging our exposure to price volatility as appropriate, and by pursuing projects that reduce our reliance on third parties and fortify the resilience of our assets, increases in prices for natural gas and electricity, or disruptions to our supply thereof, have in the past, and could again, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are subject to risks arising from the potential disruption of our ability to obtain feedstocks.
we source our petroleum-based and low-carbon fuels feedstocks from suppliers throughout the world. we are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, different areas across the world, including global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions that may impact trade flows and increase transportation costs. if one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if political or other events were to disrupt our traditional feedstock supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to find adequate or optimal alternative sources of supply. our refineries and plants without access to waterborne deliveries or offtake must rely on rail, pipeline, or ground transportation and thus may be more susceptible to such risks. if we are unable to obtain adequate or optimal volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected, including from reduced sales volumes of products or higher operating costs. the u.s. government can also prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries. for example, u.s. sanctions targeting russia, iran, and venezuela limit, but do not necessarily ban, the ability of most u.s. companies to engage in petroleum-related transactions involving these countries. u.s. and other government sanctions and actions by governments and private market participants to refrain from purchasing or transporting crude oil and petroleum-based products from particular countries (such as in response to the russia-ukraine conflict) have impacted, and may continue to impact, trade flows, and have limited, and may continue to limit, our access to business opportunities in various countries.
although darling, the other joint venture member in dgd, supplies some of dgd's waste feedstock at competitive pricing, dgd must still secure a significant amount of its waste and renewable feedstock requirements from other sources. if darling's supply is disrupted or if supply from other sources becomes limited or only available on unfavorable terms, dgd could be required to develop alternate sources of supply, and it could be required to increase its utilization of waste and renewable feedstocks that produce lower-margin products. as the volume of renewable diesel and other low-carbon fuels produced continues to increase, the competition for feedstocks will likely increase, and dgd will also likely be required to source a greater amount of its waste and renewable feedstocks from international sources, which would increase its exposure to the political, geographic, regulatory, and economic risks associated with international sourcing of supplies. a disruption to dgd's feedstock supply could adversely impact its and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
our ethanol segment relies on corn sourced from local farmers and commercial elevators in the mid-continent region of the u.s. the corn supply for our ethanol segment is acutely exposed to the effects that weather and other environmental events occurring in that region can have on the amount or timing of crop production. crop production is also affected by government policies (such as farming subsidies) and table of contents by market events (such as changes in fertilizer prices and rail disruptions). reductions or delays in crop production from these or similar events could reduce and disrupt the supply of, or otherwise increase our costs to obtain, corn for our ethanol segment, and such events have occurred periodically.
we are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the u.s. and generally to worldwide political and economic developments.
we operate and sell some of our products outside of the u.s., particularly in canada, the u.k., ireland, mexico, and peru, and are subject to disruptions in any of these markets, including due to actual or alleged violations of law; expropriation or impoundment of assets; failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor their contracts; property disputes; economic instability; restrictions on the transfer of funds; duties and tariffs; profits, windfall, or other taxes or penalties; transportation delays; import and export controls; labor unrest; security issues involving key personnel; government decisions, orders, mandates, investigations, regulations, and issuances or revocations of permits and authorizations; the effects of military conflicts; and changing regulatory and political environments, including changes to u.s. and international laws and treaties governing foreign trade and related matters. the occurrence of any such event could result in the halting, curtailing, or cessation of operations at impacted facilities; commercial restrictions; delay, denial, or cancellation of projects, permits, and authorizations; and increased costs, fines, penalties, and burdens; any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced some of these events in the past and could experience additional events in the future.
we are subject to interruptions and increased costs as a result of logistical disruptions and our reliance on third-party transportation of our feedstocks and products.
in addition to our own logistics assets, we use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our refineries and plants and to transport our products to market. if we experience prolonged interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver our products to market, or if the ability of the logistics assets used to transport our feedstocks or products is disrupted because of labor issues, weather events, dock availability, water levels of key waterways for trade, rail disruptions, cybersecurity incidents, accidents, derailments, collisions, fires, explosions, spills, public health crises, hostilities, or other government or third-party actions (including protests), it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced some of these events in the past and could experience additional events in the future.
competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and for third-party retail outlets for our petroleum-based products. we do not produce any of our primary feedstocks (except inedible distillers corn oils) and we do not have a company-owned retail network. some of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and some have extensive networks of retail sites. such competitors are at times able to offset losses from liquid transportation fuels production operations with such other operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed product margins or feedstock disruptions. some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources table of contents than we have and may have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our industry.
we are subject to risks arising from an interruption in any of our refineries or plants.
our refineries, dgd plants, and ethanol plants are our principal operating assets and are subject to planned and unplanned downtime and interruptions. our operations could also be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our refineries or plants were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or natural disasters (such as hurricanes) or man-made disasters (such as cybersecurity incidents or acts of terrorism), or otherwise be forced to shut down or curtail operations. if any refinery or plant, or related logistics assets, were to experience an interruption in operations, our earnings could be materially and adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost productivity and repair and other costs. significant interruptions in our operations could also lead to increased volatility in the price of our feedstocks and many of our products. we have experienced some of these events in the past, and although we focus on maintaining safe, stable, and reliable operations, we may experience additional events in the future.
large capital and other strategic projects can take many years to complete, and the political and regulatory environments or other market conditions may change or deteriorate over time.
we engage in capital and other strategic projects based on many factors, including the forecasted project economics, political and regulatory environments, and the expected return on the capital to be employed. large-scale projects take many years to complete, during which time the political and regulatory environment or other market conditions may change from our forecast. supply chain disruptions may also delay projects or increase the costs associated therewith. as a result, such projects may not be completed on schedule or budget, or at all, and we may not fully realize our expected returns, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
in addition, challenges to or opposition of fossil fuel infrastructure projects continue to make the approval and completion of such projects more difficult and costly. despite government support for and acknowledgement of the importance of certain low-carbon fuels and technologies, such as carbon capture and sequestration, there has also been growing regional political and environmental opposition among various groups in certain geographies to many such projects. such opposition may be taken into account by government or judicial officials in granting the relevant permits or authorizations, and has previously resulted in, and could again result in, permits and authorizations being challenged, delayed, denied, revoked, appealed, or conditionally granted. in certain instances, this has resulted in, and could again result in, the cancellation or restructuring of projects.
our investments in joint ventures and other entities decrease our ability to manage risk.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic, legal, and business interests with other joint venture members. we also conduct some of our operations through entities in which we have a minority or no equity ownership interest, such as the variable interest entities (vies) described in note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements. the other joint venture members and the third-party equity holders of the vies have certain economic, business, or legal interests, opportunities, or goals that are inconsistent with or different from our interests, opportunities, and goals, have different liquidity needs or financial condition characteristics than our own, are subject to different legal or contractual obligations than we are, and may be unable to meet their obligations. for example, while we operate the dgd plants and perform certain day-to-day table of contents operating and management functions for dgd, we do not have full control of every aspect of dgd's business and certain significant decisions concerning dgd, including acquiring or disposing of assets above a certain value threshold, making certain changes to its business plan, raising debt or equity capital, altering its distribution policy, and making certain other transactions, require approval from darling. while we consolidate certain vies, we do not have full control of every aspect of these vies, or the actions taken by their third-party equity holders, some of which have affected, and could continue to affect, our business, legal position, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. failure by us, an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, or the vies to adequately manage the risks associated with such entities, and any differences in views among us and other joint venture members or the third-party equity holders in the vies, could prevent or delay actions that are in the best interest of us, the joint venture, or the vie, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our hedging transactions.
we currently use derivative instruments as described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective or increase our exposure to unexpected events or risks, we may incur losses, and have experienced certain losses in the past. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with any future regulation of derivative instruments applicable to us.
legal, government, and regulatory risks we are subject to risks arising from legal, political, and regulatory developments regarding climate, ghg emissions, and the environment.
many government authorities across the world have imposed, and may impose in the future, policies or regulations designed to facilitate less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation (e.g., increases in fuel economy or efficiency standards, low-carbon fuel standards, restrictions and bans on vehicles using liquid fuels, tariffs, tax incentives, and ev subsidies), which could reduce demand for our petroleum-based products and/or all liquid transportation fuels. for example, carb has approved a series of regulations designed to phase out sales of internal combustion engine vehicles in california. carb's current scoping plan identifies strategies to reduce liquid petroleum consumption in california by 94 percent, and carb is actively engaged in a series of rulemaking efforts intended to fulfill these objectives. the european union (eu), u.k., canada, and quebec have each adopted what they refer to as "zero-emissions vehicle" mandates and other government authorities across the world, such as mexico, and other u.s. states have also announced, or are considering, plans and/or restrictions regarding the sale of new internal combustion engine vehicles, stricter tailpipe emissions standards, and limitations on or penalties for the use of petroleum-based products and certain biofuel feedstocks.
the u.s. federal government under the current presidential administration has also been aggressive in the scope, magnitude, and number of actions it has taken to address ghg emissions and other environmental matters, including efforts to limit or eliminate petroleum-dependent modes of transportation. for example, the current administration utilizes a "whole of government" approach to climate change and environmental justice that seeks to organize and deploy the full capacity of the u.s. federal government in novel and coordinated ways to limit or eliminate the use of most petroleum-based products. the current administration has also issued a number of related executive orders, including orders requiring agencies to review environmental actions taken by the previous administration and directing the u.s. federal government to use its scale and procurement power to achieve a number of aspirational net-zero table of contents emissions goals, including seeking to limit or eliminate petroleum-based fuels by imposing mandates of so-called 100 percent zero-emission vehicle acquisitions, such as evs and other alternative fuel vehicles, by 2035 and 100 percent zero-emission light-duty vehicle acquisitions by 2027.
these actions have contributed to, and may continue to spur, a number of u.s. federal rulemakings and other actions that disfavor petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, many of which ignore or downplay the full life cycle carbon footprint of evs, and thereby seek to inappropriately advantage them over internal combustion engine vehicles. for example, the epa issued its "revised 2023 and later model year light-duty vehicle greenhouse gas emission standards," revising the ghg emissions standards for light-duty vehicles for 2023 and later model years at a level that cannot be achieved by internal combustion engine vehicles through improvements in combustion efficiency. the national highway traffic safety administration (nhtsa) also similarly issued its "cafe standards for my 2024-26 passenger cars and light trucks," increasing the corporate average fuel economy and carbon dioxide standards for certain passenger cars and light-duty trucks such that automakers cannot demonstrate compliance without increasing the sales of evs. together, these federal regulations seek to increase the market penetration of evs and other alternative fuel vehicles, such that these vehicles would be expected to comprise 17 percent of model year 2026 passenger vehicle sales. the epa states that its rule is projected to reduce gasoline consumption by more than 360 billion gallons by 2050, reaching a 15 percent reduction in annual u.s. gasoline consumption in 2050. moreover, in april 2023, the epa announced new, more ambitious proposed standards for model years 2027 to 2032 that the agency expects will drive 67 percent of new light- and medium-duty vehicles, 50 percent of heavy-duty vocational vehicles, 35 percent of short-haul tractors, and 25 percent of long-haul tractors sold in the u.s. to be evs or other alternative fuel vehicles by 2032. in july 2023, nhtsa also proposed increasing both the fuel economy standard for passenger cars and light trucks for model years 2027 to 2032 and the fuel efficiency standards for heavy-duty pickup trucks and vans for model years 2030 to 2035. additionally, in november 2023, the federal highway administration finalized rules that require certain u.s. state departments of transportation and metropolitan planning organizations to establish declining tailpipe carbon dioxide emissions targets for motor vehicles. most recently, in december 2023, the epa announced final rules intended to sharply reduce emissions of methane and other air pollution from oil and gas operations. within such rules, the epa nearly quadrupled its estimate of the "social cost" of carbon dioxide, a measure that is often used by certain u.s. federal agencies as part of their analyses of the costs and benefits of more stringent climate regulation, which could result in stricter climate rules and regulations that disfavor internal combustion engine vehicles and liquid transportation fuels. the ira, which was passed in august 2022, also includes substantial subsidies to promote evs and other alternative fuel vehicles.
in addition to these u.s. federal measures, in march 2022, the epa reinstated a waiver of preemption under federal law authorizing california to implement its "advanced clean cars i" rule requiring sales of increasing percentages of alternative fuel vehicles, thereby also reviving other u.s. states' ability to adopt standards identical to california's. in november 2022, california approved its "advanced clean cars ii" rulemaking, which similarly requires an increasing percentage of "zero-emission" light-duty vehicle sales through 2035, at which time 100 percent of light-duty vehicle sales in california must be zero-emission vehicles. in may 2023, carb requested the epa grant a waiver of preemption for advanced clean cars ii, and the epa opened carb's request for public hearing and comment in december 2023. several other states have already adopted, or are expected to adopt, similar regulations or mandates. california is also pursuing similar zero-emission vehicle mandates for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles via its "advanced clean trucks" rulemaking, which received a preemption waiver from the epa in march 2023, and its "advanced clean fleets" rulemaking, for which carb applied to the epa for a preemption waiver in november 2023, and it is foreseeable that the epa may waive preemption to allow advanced table of contents clean fleets to take effect in california and in those states that elect to follow the california program. additionally, in july 2023, carb announced a "clean truck partnership" with various u.s. truck and engine manufacturers and the truck and engine manufacturers association that is aimed at advancing the development of evs or other alternative fuel vehicles for the commercial trucking industry regardless of whether the regulatory mandate survives legal challenge. while these measures are being litigated, we face a risk that automakers will move forward with changing their manufacturing and marketing based on their expectations that they will be forced to transition to electrification in the transportation sector.
moreover, there have been various international climate accords and multilateral agreements aimed at reducing ghg emissions, including the kyoto protocol in 2005, the paris agreement in 2015, and the united nations climate summit in dubai, united arab emirates (cop 28) in 2023, which, although not legally binding, have in certain instances resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, additional government, regulatory, and private industry actions that are adverse to our industry. incentives to conserve energy or use renewable energy sources in many locations where we currently operate, or may operate in the future, could also negatively impact our industry. government authorities across the world have also announced, or are considering, profits or windfall taxes or penalties on fossil fuel companies, or have announced or imposed ghg emissions fees and other regulations that are adverse to refinery operations, could increase costs, and limit profitability. for example, in september 2022, the eu passed legislation imposing a profits tax and penalty on certain fossil fuel companies. similar taxes and penalties have been proposed or adopted in california, such as senate bill no. 2 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, sbx 1-2), which authorizes california to set a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and a penalty for refiners that exceed it.
these legal, political, and regulatory developments, as well as other similarly focused laws and regulations, such as, among others, the california and quebec cap-and-trade programs, the u.k. emissions trading scheme, the u.k. renewable transport fuel obligation, the south coast air quality management district's rule 1109.1 - emissions of oxides of nitrogen from petroleum refineries and related operations, carb's control measure for ocean-going vessels at berth rule, reductions in the national ambient air quality standards, bans or restrictions on certain chemicals, feedstocks, products, or processes, and other laws related to climate, ghg emissions, or environmental, health, or safety matters, have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased costs and capital expenditures, among other impacts, to (i) operate and maintain our facilities (including restrictions on certain refinery operations and requirements to modify our operations), (ii) install new emission controls or other equipment at our facilities, and (iii) administer and manage any emissions or blending programs, including obtaining emission credits, allowances, or allotments. such risks are particularly acute in california due to the pace and scope of anti-fossil fuel developments there.
many of these legal, political, regulatory, and international accord matters and developments are subject to considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors, including technological and economic feasibility, pending or anticipated legal challenges, and potential changes in law, regulation, or policy, and it is not currently possible to predict the ultimate effects of many of these matters and developments on us. however, such events could adversely restrict or affect our refinery operations and limit our profitability; cause us to make changes with respect to our business plan, strategy, operations, and assets, including our current financial and accounting estimates and assumptions; cause a reduction in demand for our products; and result in negative publicity and litigation; each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
table of contents we are subject to risks arising from the renewable and low-carbon fuel programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting the demand for and traceability of low-carbon fuels.
as described under "items 1. and 2. business and properties-our comprehensive liquid fuels strategy-regulations, policies, and standards driving low-carbon fuel demand," government authorities across the world have issued, or are considering issuing, low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards to help reduce ghg emissions and increase the percentage of low-carbon fuels in the transportation fuel mix. we strategically market our low-carbon fuels based on regional policies, regulations, feedstock preferences, ci scores, and our ability to obtain fuel pathways, credits, certifications, and incentives. a significant portion of our low-carbon fuels are sold in california, canada, and the u.k. regarding the rfs, in june 2023, the epa announced final rules that increase rvos for 2023, 2024, and 2025. while the final rules did not adopt the "erin" provisions included in its december 2022 proposal, which would have allocated rins from renewable electricity used to power evs and other alternative fuel vehicles to the vehicle manufacturer, the epa noted that it will continue to work on potential paths forward for an erin program.
we are exposed to the volatility in the market price of rins, lcfs credits, and other credits, as described in note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we cannot predict the future prices of rins, lcfs credits, or other credits. prices for rins, lcfs credits, and other credits are dependent upon a variety of factors, including, as applicable, epa and state regulations, regulations of other countries and jurisdictions, the availability of rins, lcfs credits, and other credits for purchase, transportation fuel production levels (which can vary significantly each quarter), approved ci pathways, and ci scores. future rvos, rfs changes, and small refinery exemption petition denials may also affect rin prices. for example, if the rvos for cellulosic biofuel are high relative to d3 rin generation, rin prices may rise, and the epa may or may not issue cellulosic waiver credits in time to moderate price spikes, if at all. if an insufficient number of rins, lcfs credits, or other credits are available for purchase (or available only at increased prices), or if we are otherwise unable to meet the epa's rfs mandates or our other obligations under the renewable and low-carbon fuel programs (for example, if there were to be demand destruction for gasoline, diesel, and renewable fuels resulting from displacement of internal combustion engine vehicles with evs that results in production falling short of established rvos, an acceleration of the blendwall, or other significant deviations from projected volumes), our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected. the adoption of an erin program could also increase rin price volatility and result in other adverse impacts that cannot be fully predicted at this time.
in addition to the rfs and lcfs, we operate in multiple jurisdictions that have issued, or are considering issuing, similar low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards, such as the cfr. the rfs, lcfs, and similar u.s. state and international low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards are extremely complex, often have different or conflicting requirements or methodologies, and are frequently evolving, requiring us to periodically update our systems and controls to maintain compliance and monitoring, which impose substantial administrative burdens. in addition to regulation, demand is growing for renewable fuels certified through voluntary certification bodies such as the international sustainability and carbon certification system, which presents business opportunities, but also entails additional administrative burdens. our low-carbon fuels businesses could be materially and adversely affected if (i) these regulations, policies, and standards are adversely changed, not enforced, or discontinued, (ii) the benefits therefrom (such as section 45q, section 45z, and the blender's tax credits) are reduced or discontinued, (iii) any of the products we produce are deemed not to qualify for compliance therewith or are not in sufficient demand, or (iv) we are unable to satisfy or maintain the conditions of any approved table of contents pathways or certifications. such changes could also negatively impact the plans, expectations, assumptions, and projections with respect to our low-carbon projects and our ghg emissions targets and ambition, and could have a material adverse impact on the timing of completion, project returns, and other outcomes with respect to such projects.
applicable environmental, health, and safety laws expose us to various risks.
our operations are subject to extensive environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels. certain of these laws and regulations have in the past imposed, and could again impose, obligations on us to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our refineries and plants, as well as at formerly owned properties or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes may have migrated. the principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air, handling of waste, and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. such laws have imposed, and may again impose, liability on us for the conduct of third parties or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault.
because environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, and are being interpreted and applied in new and controversial ways, the level of costs required for environmental matters has increased and is expected to continue to increase in the future. additionally, u.s. and state regulatory agencies have become increasingly aggressive in the scope and frequency of, and the magnitude and type of the relief sought by, the enforcement and investigative actions they have pursued under applicable environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, particularly with respect to fossil fuel companies. this has been particularly acute in california. such enforcement and investigative actions have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased costs, expenses, and negative publicity. despite our efforts to maintain safe and environmentally responsible operations, in certain instances we have faced, and may continue to face, changing regulatory interpretations, regulatory fines or penalties, and liability for personal injury, property, and natural resource damage, environmental justice impacts, and assessment and remediation costs due to actual or alleged emissions, pollution, and/or contamination. we are also exposed to potential liability and costs related to regulated chemicals and other regulated materials, such as various perfluorinated compounds, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, benzene, mtbe, and petroleum hydrocarbons, at or from our current and formerly owned facilities (and new or additional regulations with respect to such materials may arise in the near future). such liabilities and costs could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are subject to risks arising from litigation, regulatory proceedings, and mandatory disclosure requirements related to climate change and other esg matters, or aimed at the fossil fuel industry.
we could face increased climate‐related litigation with respect to our operations, disclosures, or products. governments and private parties across the world have filed lawsuits or initiated regulatory action against fossil fuel companies. such lawsuits and actions often allege non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or damages as a result of climate change, and seek damages and/or abatement under various tort and other theories, including under human rights or constitutional provisions. we have been named as a co-defendant in a lawsuit in state court by a county in oregon seeking significant damages and abatement under various tort theories (including deceptive disclosures). we intend to vigorously defend against the allegations. however, the ultimate outcome and impact to us of such litigation cannot be table of contents predicted with certainty at this time, and we could incur substantial legal costs and reputational damage associated with defending such matter, and an adverse ruling could require us to pay significant damages. similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions.
governments and private parties are also increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements and disclosures by companies regarding climate change and other esg matters are false or misleading "greenwashing" that violate deceptive trade practices, consumer protection statutes, or other similar laws and regulations, or are fraudulent or misleading under applicable corporate, securities, stock exchange, or other similar laws and regulations. similar issues can also arise relating to aspirational statements, such as net-zero or carbon neutrality targets, or alignment with certain third-party frameworks or standards that are made without an adequate basis to support such statements. governments, such as the states of new york and vermont, have also sought to establish various climate change adaptation cost recovery programs, under which "responsible parties" could bear the costs of climate mitigation investments. these lawsuits and actions present a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which fossil fuel companies face an increased risk of liability and reputational damage stemming from climate change or other esg matters.
in addition to voluntary disclosures in response to investor and stakeholder requests, many governments have also proposed or adopted regulations that impose disclosure obligations with respect to various climate change and other esg matters. for example, in march 2022, the sec proposed sweeping and novel disclosure obligations with respect to climate change and ghg emissions reporting for u.s. publicly-traded companies. also, in november 2022, various u.s. federal agencies jointly proposed an amendment to the federal acquisition regulation that would require government contractors to publicly disclose their ghg emissions, respond to a climate disclosure questionnaire, and set and disclose ghg emissions reduction goals, in each case based on or utilizing specified private third-party frameworks or standards that have not been widely adopted. in addition, in october 2023, california adopted the (i) climate corporate data accountability act (sb 253), (ii) climate-related financial risk act (sb 261), and (iii) voluntary carbon market disclosures business regulation act (ab 1305), which impose a host of different broad and far-reaching climate disclosure obligations, including with respect to ghg emissions, climate financial-risk reporting, and statements regarding ghg emissions reductions. other u.s. states have announced or proposed similar regulations. other countries where we operate or do business, such as the u.k., have also passed laws requiring, or announced their intention to mandate, various climate disclosures and targets by companies. some governments have also adopted regulations, or are launching investigations and requesting information, based on pricing practices in the fossil fuel industry. for example, in september 2022, california adopted the oil refinery cost disclosure act (sb 1322), which requires refineries in california to report monthly on the volume and cost of the crude oil they buy, the quantity and price of the wholesale gasoline they sell, and the gross gasoline margin per barrel, among other information, some or all of which data could become publicly available. some customers and third parties we do business with have begun requesting product-specific ghg emissions disclosures from us in connection with their own ghg emissions reporting. our efforts to comply with these and other requests and regulations expose us to risk by requiring disclosure of information that (i) may be protected trade secrets and/or competitively sensitive information, (ii) exposes us to litigation and government regulatory actions and investigations, (iii) is inconsistent with other government regulations or our current disclosures that may utilize different methodologies or standards, (iv) is subject to many assumptions and inherent calculation difficulties, such as accuracy and completeness, and (v) may impact our business relationships, credibility, and reputation.
as described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements, in march 2023, california adopted sbx 1-2, which imposes increased and substantial reporting requirements on our business, including table of contents daily, weekly, monthly, and annual reporting of detailed operational and financial data on all aspects of our operations in california, much of it at the transaction level. in october 2023, in response to governor newsom's direction, the california energy commission (cec) voted to start both a proceeding to evaluate whether to establish a maximum margin and associated penalty and a rulemaking process focused on rules relating to the timing of refinery turnarounds and maintenance, among other things. while the cec has not yet established a maximum margin, imposed a financial penalty for profits above a maximum margin, or imposed restrictions on turnaround and maintenance activities, the potential implementation of a financial penalty, maximum margin, or any restrictions or delays on our ability to undertake turnaround or maintenance activities, could adversely restrict or affect our refinery operations and limit our profitability, cause us to make changes with respect to our business plan, strategy, operations, and assets (including our current financial and accounting estimates and assumptions), and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are subject to risks arising from compliance with and changes in tax laws.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes; indirect taxes (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes); and payroll, franchise, withholding, and ad valorem taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. for example, the ira contains significant changes to u.s. tax law including, but not limited to, a corporate minimum tax and a one percent excise tax on the purchase by companies of their own stock.
many of these tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authorities. although we believe we have used reasonable interpretations and assumptions in calculating our tax liabilities, the final determination of these tax audits and any related proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. any adverse outcome of any of such tax audits or related proceedings could result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities that may, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect our cash tax liabilities, or create issues with respect to certain of our business permits, authorizations, and registrations, and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may change significantly as a result of political or economic factors beyond our control. it is also possible that future changes to tax laws or tax treaties, or interpretations thereof, could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date and adversely affect our future effective tax rates.
cybersecurity and privacy related risks we are subject to risks arising from a significant breach of our information systems.
our information systems and network infrastructure may be subject to unauthorized access or attack (and we are frequently subject to such attempts), including ransom-related incidents that could result in increased costs to prevent, and be prepared to respond to or mitigate such events, such as deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and consultants. such unauthorized events could also result in (i) a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information, or employee, customer, supplier, or vendor data, (ii) public disclosure of sensitive information, (iii) systems interruption, (iv) disruption of our business operations, (v) remediation costs and repairs of system damage, (vi) reputational damage that adversely affects customer, supplier, or investor confidence, and (vii) damage to our business and competitiveness. a breach could also originate from or compromise our customers', vendors', suppliers', or other third-party networks outside of our table of contents control that could impact our business and operations, as occurred with the colonial pipeline cybersecurity incident in may 2021. although we implement internal controls on the connectivity of third parties to our systems that attempt to prevent or mitigate the impact from incidents affecting third-party systems, we have limited control over ensuring that third parties themselves are consistently enforcing strong cybersecurity controls over their systems. increased risks of such attacks and disruptions also exist because of global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions. a breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our stockholders, employees, customers, vendors, and government authorities. there can be no assurance that our current or future infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent or mitigate such breaches, cyber, and ransom-related incidents, or systems failures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. the continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity incidents has also resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention and disclosure, such as the directive issued by the u.s. transportation security administration following the colonial pipeline cybersecurity incident, the obligations imposed by the u.s. cyber incident reporting for critical infrastructure act adopted in march 2022, and the sec's cybersecurity and governance disclosure rules issued in 2023. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to comply with such laws and regulations, incur fines for noncompliance, and otherwise be exposed to litigation and regulatory action as a result thereof.
increasing legal and regulatory focus on data privacy and security issues could expose us to increased liability and operational changes and costs.
along with our own data and information in the normal course of our business, we collect and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. the compliant processing of this data domestically and transferring of this data across international borders continues to increase in complexity. this data is subject to regulation at various levels of government in many areas of our business and in jurisdictions across the world, including data privacy and security laws such as the california consumer privacy act, the california privacy rights act, the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr), the u.k. and general data protection regulation (u.k. gdpr), the standard contractual clauses adopted by the european commission and the u.k. parliament for the processing and transfer of personal data in compliance with the gdpr and/or the u.k. gdpr, and quebec's bill 64. we also operate in other jurisdictions (such as mexico and peru) that have issued, or are considering issuing, data privacy laws and regulations. the u.s. federal trade commission recently adopted rules requiring the reporting of certain data breaches. as the number and complexities of such laws and regulations continue to increase, we will face increasingly complex compliance, monitoring, and control obligations. as the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of such laws continues to progress and evolve, there may also be developments that amplify such risks. any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach, or otherwise, could expose us to litigation and enforcement, and result in significant penalties, fines, and other liabilities.
general risk factors uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets, or changes in our credit profile or ratings, can adversely affect our ability to obtain credit and capital, increase our costs, and limit our flexibility.
our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. in addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity financing may be adversely impacted by persistently high interest rates, inflation, unstable or illiquid table of contents market conditions, or adverse changes in our credit profile or to our credit ratings. these factors could adversely impact and limit our ability to obtain favorable credit and debt financing, raise our cost of capital, or require us to provide collateral or other forms of security, which would increase our costs and restrict operational and financial flexibility. unstable or illiquid market conditions could also negatively impact our pension plans' assets and funding requirements.
from time to time, we may need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities or obtain letters of credit in certain commercial transactions. in addition, we rely on the counterparties to our commodity hedging and derivative instruments to fund their obligations under such arrangements. uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets could have an adverse impact on the costs or availability of the financial, commercial, and other services provided by such parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are subject to risks arising from severe weather events.
severe weather events, such as storms, hurricanes, droughts, or floods, could have an adverse effect on our operations and could increase our costs. for example, severe weather events can have an impact on crop production and reduce the supply of, or increase our costs to obtain, feedstocks for our ethanol and renewable diesel segments. we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, costs and expenses associated with severe weather, such as to keep our facilities performing and to mitigate and reduce the risk of severe weather to our operations. if more intense or frequent severe weather events occur, the physical and disruptive effects could have a material adverse impact on our operations and assets.
our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns, or strikes, as well as by new legislation or an inability to attract and retain sufficient labor, and increased costs related thereto.
certain employees at five of our u.s. refineries, as well as at each of our canada and u.k. refineries, are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements, which generally have unique and independent expiration dates. to the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements expiring in the future, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action. any prolonged strike, work stoppage, or other labor action at our facilities or at facilities owned or operated by third parties that support our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. future u.s. federal, state, or international labor legislation could result in labor shortages and higher costs. an inability to recruit, train, and retain adequate personnel, or the loss or departure of personnel with key skills or deep institutional knowledge, may negatively impact our business. inflation has also caused, and may in the future cause, increases in employee-related costs.
our ability to fully insure losses arising from our operating hazards exposes us to various risks.
our operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards, and natural catastrophes. as protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities. we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we need, or at acceptable rates. premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies could increase substantially based on market conditions. in some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. for example, coverage for hurricane damage is limited, and coverage for terrorism and cyber risks have broad exclusions. if we incur a significant loss or liability for which we are not adequately insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is management's perspective of our current financial condition and results of operations, and should be read in conjunction with "item 1a. risk factors" and "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" included in this report. this discussion and analysis includes the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 and comparison between such years. the discussion for the year ended december 31, 2021 and comparison between the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 have been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2023, as such information can be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was filed on february 23, 2023.
cautionary statement for the purpose of safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report, including without limitation our disclosures below under "overview and outlook," includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. you can identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "scheduled," "estimate," "project," "projection," "predict," "budget," "forecast," "goal," "guidance," "target," "ambition," "could," "would," "should," "may," "strive," "seek," "potential," "opportunity," "aimed," "considering," "continue," and similar expressions.
•the effect, impact, potential duration or timing, or other implications of global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions;
•future refining segment margins, including gasoline and distillate margins, and discounts;
•future renewable diesel segment margins;
•future ethanol segment margins;
•expectations regarding feedstock costs, including crude oil differentials, product prices for each of our segments, transportation costs, and operating expenses;
•anticipated levels of crude oil and liquid transportation fuel inventories and storage capacity;
•expectations regarding the levels of, costs and timing with respect to, the production and operations at our existing refineries and plants, projects under evaluation, construction, or development, and former projects;
•our anticipated level of capital investments, including deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, our expected allocation between, and/or within, growth capital expenditures and sustaining capital expenditures, capital expenditures for environmental and other purposes, and joint venture investments, the expected costs and timing applicable to such capital investments and any related projects, and the effect of those capital investments on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity;
•our anticipated level of cash distributions or contributions, such as our dividend payment rate and contributions to our pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans;
•our ability to meet future cash and credit requirements, whether from funds generated from our operations or our ability to access financial markets effectively, and expectations regarding our liquidity;
•our evaluation of, and expectations regarding, any future activity under our share purchase program or transactions involving our debt securities;
•anticipated trends in the supply of, and demand for, crude oil and other feedstocks and refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, and ethanol and corn related co-products in the regions where we operate, as well as globally;
•expectations regarding environmental, tax, and other regulatory matters, including sbx 1-2 and the matters discussed under "item 3. legal proceedings" above, the anticipated amounts and timing of payment with respect to our deferred tax liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, matters impacting our ability to repatriate cash held by our foreign subsidiaries, and the anticipated effect thereof on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity;
•the effect of general economic and other conditions, including inflation and economic activity levels, on refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol industry fundamentals;
•expectations regarding our risk management activities, including the anticipated effects of our hedge transactions;
•expectations regarding our counterparties, including our ability to pass on increased compliance costs and timely collect receivables, and the credit risk within our accounts receivable or accounts payable;
•expectations regarding adoptions of new, or changes to existing renewable and low-carbon fuel programs, blending and tax credits, or efficiency standards that impact demand for renewable fuels; and
•expectations regarding our low-carbon fuels strategy, publicly announced ghg emissions reduction/displacement targets and ambitions, and our current, former, and any future low-carbon projects.
we based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about ourselves, our industry, and the global economy and financial markets generally. we caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the ultimate outcomes of which we cannot predict with certainty. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events, the ultimate outcomes of which we cannot predict with certainty and which may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, actual performance or results may differ materially from the future performance or results that we have expressed, suggested, or forecast in the forward-looking statements. differences between actual performance or results and any future performance or results expressed, suggested, or forecast in these forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following:
•the effects arising out of global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions, including with respect to changes in trade flows and impacts to crude oil and other markets;
•demand for, and supplies of, refined petroleum products (such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and petrochemicals), renewable diesel, and ethanol and corn related co-products;
•demand for, and supplies of, crude oil and other feedstocks;
•the effects of public health threats, pandemics, and epidemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic and variants of the virus, governmental and societal responses thereto, and the adverse impacts of the foregoing on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity, and the global economy and financial markets generally;
•acts of terrorism aimed at either our refineries and plants or third-party facilities that could impair our ability to produce or transport refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol, or corn related co-products, to receive feedstocks, or otherwise operate efficiently;
•the effects of war or hostilities, and political and economic conditions, in countries that produce crude oil or other feedstocks or consume refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol or corn related co-products;
•the ability of the members of opec, and other petroleum-producing nations that collectively make up opec+, to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls;
•the level of consumer demand, consumption, and overall economic activity, including the effects from seasonal fluctuations and market prices;
•refinery, renewable diesel plant, or ethanol plant overcapacity or undercapacity;
•the risk that any transactions may not provide the anticipated benefits or may result in unforeseen detriments;
•the actions taken by competitors, including both pricing and adjustments to refining capacity or renewable fuels production in response to market conditions;
•the level of competitors' imports into markets that we supply;
•accidents, unscheduled shutdowns, weather events, civil unrest, expropriation of assets, and other economic, diplomatic, legislative, societal, or political events or developments, terrorism, cyberattacks, or other catastrophes or disruptions affecting our operations, production facilities, machinery, pipelines and other logistics assets, equipment, or information systems, or any of the foregoing of our suppliers, customers, or third-party service providers;
•changes in the cost or availability of transportation or storage capacity for feedstocks and our products;
•pressure and influence of environmental groups and other stakeholders upon policies and decisions related to the production, transportation, storage, refining, processing, marketing, and sales of crude oil or other feedstocks, refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol, or corn related co-products;
•the price, availability, technology related to, and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles, as well as sentiment and perceptions with respect to low-carbon projects and ghg emissions more generally;
•the levels of government subsidies for, and executive orders, mandates, or other policies with respect to, alternative fuels, alternative-fuel vehicles, and other low-carbon technologies or initiatives, including those related to carbon capture, carbon sequestration, and low-carbon fuels, or affecting the price of natural gas and/or electricity;
•the volatility in the market price of compliance credits (primarily rins needed to comply with the rfs) under the renewable and low-carbon fuel programs and emission credits needed under other environmental emissions programs;
•delay of, cancellation of, or failure to implement planned capital or other strategic projects and realize the various assumptions and benefits projected for such projects or cost overruns in constructing such planned projects;
•earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, winter storms, droughts, floods, wildfires, and other weather events, which can unforeseeably affect the price or availability of electricity, natural gas, crude oil, waste and renewable feedstocks, corn, and other feedstocks, critical supplies, refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, and ethanol;
•rulings, judgments, or settlements in litigation or other legal or regulatory matters, such as unexpected environmental remediation or enforcement costs, including those in excess of any reserves or insurance coverage;
•legislative or regulatory action, including the introduction or enactment of legislation or rulemakings by government authorities, environmental regulations, changes to income tax rates, introduction of a global minimum tax, windfall taxes or penalties, tax changes or restrictions impacting the foreign repatriation of cash, actions implemented under sbx 1-2, actions implemented under the renewable and low-carbon fuel programs and other environmental emissions programs, including changes to volume requirements or other obligations or exemptions under the rfs, and actions arising from the epa's or other government agencies' regulations, policies, or initiatives concerning ghgs, including mandates for or bans of specific technology, which may adversely affect our business or operations;
•changing economic, regulatory, and political environments and related events in the various countries in which we operate or otherwise do business, including trade restrictions, expropriation or impoundment of assets, failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor their contracts, property disputes, economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, import and export controls, labor unrest, security issues involving key personnel, and decisions, investigations, regulations, issuances or revocations of permits and other authorizations, and other actions, policies, and initiatives by the states, counties, cities, and other jurisdictions in the countries in which we operate or otherwise do business;
•changes in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities and trade credit;
•the operating, financing, and distribution decisions of our joint ventures or other joint venture members that we do not control;
•changes in currency exchange rates, including the value of the canadian dollar, the pound sterling, the euro, the mexican peso, and the peruvian sol relative to the u.s. dollar;
•the adequacy of capital resources and liquidity, including availability, timing, and amounts of cash flow or our ability to borrow or access financial markets;
•the costs, disruption, and diversion of resources associated with lawsuits, demands, or investigations, or campaigns and negative publicity commenced by government authorities, investors, stakeholders, or other interested parties;
•overall economic conditions, including the stability and liquidity of financial markets, and the effect thereof on consumer demand; and
•other factors generally described in the "risk factors" section included in "item 1a. risk factors" in this report.
any one of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future results of operations and whether any forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be accurate. our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results and future performance may differ materially from those expressed, suggested, or forecast in any forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k and we do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by applicable securities laws to do so.
all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing, as it may be updated or modified by our future filings with the sec. we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events unless we are required by applicable securities laws to do so.
non-gaap financial measures the discussions in "overview and outlook," "results of operations," and "liquidity and capital resources" below include references to financial measures that are not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these non-gaap financial measures include adjusted operating income (including adjusted operating income for each of our reportable segments, as applicable); refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol segment margin; and capital investments attributable to valero. we have included these non-gaap financial measures to help facilitate the comparison of operating results between years, to help assess our cash flows, and because we believe they provide useful information as discussed further below. see the tables in note (h) beginning on page 54 for reconciliations of adjusted operating income (including adjusted operating income for each of our reportable segments, as applicable) and refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol segment margin to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures. also in note (h), we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of such non-gaap financial measures provides useful information. see the table on page 61 for a reconciliation of capital investments attributable to valero to its most directly comparable gaap financial measure. also on page 61, we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of this non-gaap financial measure provides useful information.
overview and outlook overview business operations update our results for the year ended december 31, 2023 were favorably impacted by the continued strong worldwide demand for petroleum-based transportation fuels, while the worldwide supply of those products remained constrained. this global supply and demand imbalance contributed to strong refining margins for 2023.
the strong demand for our products and continued strength in refining margins were the primary contributors to us reporting $8.8 billion of net income attributable to valero stockholders for the year ended december 31, 2023. our operating results for 2023, including operating results by segment, are described in the summary on the following page, and detailed descriptions can be found below under "results of operations" beginning on page 46.
our operations generated $9.2 billion of cash in 2023. this cash was used to make $1.9 billion of capital investments in our business and return $6.6 billion to our stockholders through purchases of common stock for treasury and dividend payments. in addition, we reduced our outstanding debt through the purchase of $199 million of our public debt in 2023. as a result of this and other activity, our cash and cash equivalents increased by $562 million during 2023 to $5.4 billion as of december 31, 2023. we had $10.5 billion in liquidity as of december 31, 2023. the components of our liquidity and descriptions of our cash flows, capital investments, and other matters impacting our liquidity and capital resources can be found below under "liquidity and capital resources" beginning on page 57.
for 2023, we reported net income attributable to valero stockholders of $8.8 billion compared to $11.5 billion for 2022. the decrease of $2.7 billion was primarily due to a decrease in operating income of $3.8 billion, partially offset by an increase in "other income, net" of $323 million and a decrease in income tax expense of $809 million. the details of our operating income and adjusted operating income by segment, where applicable, and in total are reflected in the following table (in millions). adjusted operating income excludes the adjustments reflected in the tables in note (h) beginning on page 54.
2023                        2022                         change refining segment:
operating income                            $11,511                     $15,803                      $(4,292)
adjusted operating income                    11,528                      15,762                       (4,234)
operating income                                852                         774                            78
operating income                                553                         110                           443
adjusted operating income                       569                         151                           418
operating income                             11,858                      15,690                       (3,832)
adjusted operating income                    11,891                      15,710                       (3,819)
while our operating income decreased by $3.8 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, adjusted operating income also decreased by $3.8 billion primarily due to the following:
•refining segment. refining segment adjusted operating income decreased by $4.2 billion primarily due to lower gasoline and distillate (primarily diesel) margins, partially offset by higher discounts on crude oils and other feedstocks and lower operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense).
•renewable diesel segment. renewable diesel segment operating income increased by $78 million primarily due to lower feedstock costs and higher sales volumes, partially offset by lower product prices (primarily renewable diesel), higher operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), and higher depreciation and amortization expense.
•ethanol segment. ethanol segment adjusted operating income increased by $418 million primarily due to lower corn prices, higher production volumes, and lower operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), partially offset by lower ethanol and corn related co-product prices.
outlook many uncertainties remain with respect to the supply and demand imbalance in the petroleum-based products market worldwide. while it is difficult to predict future worldwide economic activity and its impact on product supply and demand, as well as any effect that the uncertainty described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements or other political or regulatory developments may have on us, we have noted several factors below that have impacted or may impact our results of operations during the first quarter of 2024.
•gasoline and diesel demand have returned to pre-pandemic levels and are expected to follow typical seasonal patterns. jet fuel demand continues to improve and is approaching pre-pandemic levels in the u.s.
•combined light product (gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel) inventories in the u.s. and europe remain below historical levels reflecting tight global petroleum product balances, which should support continued high utilization of refining capacity.
•crude oil discounts have widened, consistent with typical seasonal patterns and expected industry-wide refinery maintenance activity in the first quarter of 2024; however, continued sour crude oil production cuts by opec+ suppliers and the pending start-up of the trans mountain pipeline expansion may dampen some of the seasonal effect. in addition, conflict in the middle east, including impacts on shipping routes and freight costs, could result in increased volatility in the crude oil market and potentially impact crude oil discounts.
•renewable diesel demand is expected to remain consistent with current levels.
results of operations the following tables, including the reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures in note (h) beginning on page 54, highlight our results of operations, our operating performance, and market reference prices that directly impact our operations. note references in this section can be found on pages 53 through 56.
financial highlights by segment and total company
(millions of dollars)
revenues from external customers                                                                                        $136,470                       $3,823                        $4,473                             $-                         $144,766
cost of sales:
cost of materials and other                                                                                              117,401                        5,550                         4,395                        (4,259)                          123,087
operating expenses (excluding depreciation andamortization expense reflected below)                                        5,208                          358                           515                              8                            6,089
total cost of sales                                                                                                      124,960                        6,139                         4,990                        (4,255)                          131,834
other operating expenses                                                                                                      17                            -                            16                              -                               33
operating income by segment                                                                                              $11,511                         $852                          $553                       $(1,058)                           11,858
interest and debt expense, net of capitalizedinterest                                                                                                                                                                                                 (592)
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
(millions of dollars)
revenues from external customers                                                                                              $168,154                       $3,483                        $4,746                             $-                         $176,383
cost of sales:
cost of materials and other (a)                                                                                                144,588                        4,350                         4,628                        (2,796)                          150,770
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense reflected below)                                             5,509                          255                           625                              -                            6,389
total cost of sales                                                                                                            152,344                        4,727                         5,312                        (2,796)                          159,587
asset impairment loss (c)                                                                                                            -                            -                            61                              -                               61
other operating expenses                                                                                                            63                            -                             3                              -                               66
operating income by segment                                                                                                    $15,803                         $774                          $110                         $(997)                           15,690
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                                                                                      (562)
average market reference prices and differentials year ended december 31,
average market reference prices and differentials (continued)
renewable diesel new york mercantile exchange uls diesel (dollars per gallon)           $2.81                         $3.54
ethanol chicago board of trade corn (dollars per bushel)                        5.65                          6.94
total company, corporate, and other the following table includes selected financial data for the total company, corporate, and other for 2023 and 2022. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2023                          2022                         change revenues                                                    $144,766                      $176,383                     $(31,617)
cost of sales (see notes (a) and (b))                        131,834                       159,587                      (27,753)
operating income                                              11,858                        15,690                       (3,832)
adjusted operating income (see note (h))                      11,891                        15,710                       (3,819)
revenues decreased by $31.6 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to decreases in product prices for the petroleum-based transportation fuels associated with sales made by our refining segment. this decrease in revenues was partially offset by a decrease in cost of sales of $27.8 billion primarily due to decreases in crude oil and other feedstock costs. these changes resulted in a $3.8 billion decrease in operating income, from $15.7 billion in 2022 to $11.9 billion in 2023.
adjusted operating income also decreased by $3.8 billion, from $15.7 billion in 2022 to $11.9 billion in 2023. the components of this $3.8 billion decrease in adjusted operating income are discussed by segment in the segment analyses that follow.
2023                      2022                     change interest income on cash                                                 $293                      $105                      $188
net gain from early retirement of debt (see note (e))                     11                        14                       (3)
income tax expense decreased by $809 million in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily as a result of a decrease in income before income tax expense.
refining segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our refining segment for 2023 and 2022. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2023                     2022                                              change operating income                                                                                     $11,511                     $15,803                      $(4,292)
adjusted operating income (see note (h))                                                              11,528                      15,762                       (4,234)
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortizationexpense reflected below)                    5,208                       5,509                         (301)
refining segment operating income decreased by $4.3 billion in 2023 compared to 2022; however, refining segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustments in the table in note (h), decreased by $4.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022. the components of this decrease in the adjusted results, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are outlined below.
refining segment margin is primarily affected by the prices for the petroleum-based transportation fuels that we sell and the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks that we process. the table on page 48 reflects market reference prices and differentials that we believe impacted our refining segment margin in 2023 compared to 2022.
◦a decrease in distillate (primarily diesel) margins had an unfavorable impact of approximately $5.6 billion.
◦a decrease in gasoline margins had an unfavorable impact of approximately $529 million.
◦higher discounts on crude oils had a favorable impact of approximately $1.1 billion.
◦higher discounts on other feedstocks had a favorable impact of approximately $438 million.
•refining segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) decreased by $301 million primarily due to lower natural gas costs of $438 million, partially offset by increases in chemicals and catalyst costs of $96 million and certain employee compensation expenses of $39 million.
renewable diesel segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our renewable diesel segment for 2023 and 2022. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2023                      2022                     change operating income                                                                                      $852                      $774                       $78
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortizationexpense reflected below)                    358                       255                       103
renewable diesel segment operating income increased by $78 million in 2023 compared to 2022. the components of this increase, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are outlined below.
renewable diesel segment margin is primarily affected by the price for the renewable diesel that we sell and the cost of the feedstocks that we process. the table on page 49 reflects market reference prices that we believe impacted our renewable diesel segment margin in 2023 compared to 2022.
◦a decrease in the cost of the feedstocks that we process had a favorable impact of approximately $1.9 billion.
◦an increase in sales volumes of 1.4 million gallons per day had a favorable impact of approximately $724 million. the increase in sales volumes was primarily due to additional production resulting from the completion of the new dgd port arthur plant that commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2022.
◦a decrease in product prices, primarily renewable diesel, had an unfavorable impact of approximately $2.3 billion.
•renewable diesel segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased by $103 million primarily due to increased costs resulting from the new dgd port arthur plant that commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2022.
•renewable diesel segment depreciation and amortization expense increased by $109 million primarily due to depreciation expense associated with the new dgd port arthur plant that commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2022.
ethanol segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our ethanol segment for 2023 and 2022. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2023                      2022                     change operating income                                                                                      $553                      $110                      $443
adjusted operating income (see note (h))                                                               569                       151                       418
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortizationexpense reflected below)                    515                       625                     (110)
asset impairment loss (see note (c))                                                                     -                        61                      (61)
ethanol segment operating income increased by $443 million in 2023 compared to 2022; however, ethanol segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustments in the table in note (h), increased by $418 million in 2023 compared to 2022. the components of this increase in the adjusted results, along with the reasons for the changes in these components, are outlined below.
ethanol segment margin is primarily affected by prices for the ethanol and corn related co-products that we sell and the cost of corn that we process. the table on page 49 reflects market reference prices that we believe impacted our ethanol segment margin in 2023 compared to 2022.
◦lower corn prices had a favorable impact of approximately $618 million.
◦an increase in production volumes of 501,000 gallons per day had a favorable impact of approximately $150 million.
◦lower ethanol prices had an unfavorable impact of approximately $337 million.
◦lower prices for the corn related co-products that we produce, primarily ddgs and inedible distillers corn oils, had an unfavorable impact of approximately $129 million.
•ethanol segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) decreased by $110 million primarily due to lower natural gas costs.
(a)under the rfs program, the epa is required to set annual quotas for the volume of renewable fuels that obligated parties, such as us, must blend into petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the u.s. the quotas are used to determine an obligated party's rvo. the epa released a final rule on june 3, 2022 that, among other things, modified the volume standards for 2020 and, for the first time, established volume standards for 2021 and 2022.
in 2020, we recognized the cost of the rvo using the 2020 quotas set by the epa at that time, and in 2021 and the three months ended march 31, 2022, we recognized the cost of the rvo using our estimates of the quotas. as a result of the final rule released by the epa as noted above, we recognized a benefit of $104 million in the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily related to the modification of the 2020 quotas.
(b)depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes a gain of $23 million on the sale of our ethanol plant located in jefferson, wisconsin (jefferson ethanol plant).
(c)our ethanol plant located in lakota, iowa (lakota ethanol plant) was previously configured to produce usp-grade ethanol, a higher grade ethanol suitable for hand sanitizer blending that has a higher market value than fuel-grade ethanol. during 2022, demand for usp-grade ethanol declined and had a negative impact on the profitability of the plant. as a result, we tested the recoverability of the carrying value of the lakota ethanol plant and concluded that it was impaired. therefore, we reduced the carrying value of the plant to its estimated fair value and recognized an asset impairment loss of $61 million in the year ended december 31, 2022.
(d)general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes a charge of $20 million for an environmental reserve adjustment associated with a non-operating site.
◦a net gain of $11 million in the year ended december 31, 2023 related to the early retirement of $199 million aggregate principal amount of various series of our senior notes;
◦a net gain of $14 million in the year ended december 31, 2022 related to the early retirement of approximately $3.1 billion aggregate principal amount of various series of our senior notes; and
◦a pension settlement charge of $58 million in the year ended december 31, 2022 resulting from a greater number of employees that retired in 2022 who elected lump sum benefit payments from our defined benefit pension plans than estimated.
(f)income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes deferred income tax expense of $51 million associated with the recognition of a deferred tax liability for foreign withholding tax on the repatriation of cash held by one of our international subsidiaries that we considered no longer permanently reinvested in our operations in that country.
(g)the rvo cost represents the average market cost on a per barrel basis to comply with the rfs program. the rvo cost is calculated by multiplying (i) the average market price during the applicable period for the rins associated with each class of renewable fuel (i.e., biomass-based diesel, cellulosic biofuel, advanced biofuel, and total renewable fuel) by (ii) the quotas for the volume of each class of renewable fuel that must be blended into petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the u.s., as set or proposed by the epa, on a percentage basis for each class of renewable fuel and adding together the results of each calculation.
(h)we use certain financial measures (as noted below) that are not defined under gaap and are considered to be non-gaap financial measures.
we have defined these non-gaap measures and believe they are useful to the external users of our financial statements, including industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies. we believe these measures are useful to assess our ongoing financial performance because, when reconciled to their most comparable gaap measures, they provide improved comparability between periods after adjusting for certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance and that may obscure our underlying business results and trends. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as alternatives to their most comparable gaap measures nor should they be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results of operations as reported under gaap. in addition, these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define them differently, which diminishes their utility.
non-gaap financial measures are as follows (in millions):
•refining margin is defined as refining segment operating income excluding the modification of rvo adjustment, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of refining operating incometo refining margin refining operating income                                                             $11,511                                                 $15,803
adjustments:
modification of rvo (see note (a))                                                          -                                                   (104)
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)                    5,208                                                   5,509
other operating expenses                                                                   17                                                      63
•renewable diesel margin is defined as renewable diesel segment operating income excluding operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) and depreciation and amortization expense, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of renewable diesel operating incometo renewable diesel margin renewable diesel operating income                                                                 $852                            $774
adjustments:
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)                               358                             255
•ethanol margin is defined as ethanol segment operating income excluding operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), depreciation and amortization expense, the asset impairment loss, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of ethanol operating income to ethanol margin ethanol operating income                                                                 $553                                                  $110
adjustments:
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)                      515                                                   625
asset impairment loss (see note (c))                                                        -                                                    61
other operating expenses                                                                   16                                                     3
•adjusted refining operating income is defined as refining segment operating income excluding the modification of rvo adjustment and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of refining operating incometo adjusted refining operating income refining operating income                                                                         $11,511                         $15,803
adjustments:
modification of rvo (see note (a))                                                                      -                           (104)
other operating expenses                                                                               17                              63
adjusted refining operating income                                                                $11,528                         $15,762
•adjusted ethanol operating income is defined as ethanol segment operating income excluding the gain on sale of ethanol plant, the asset impairment loss, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of ethanol operating income to adjusted ethanol operating income ethanol operating income                                                                           $553                          $110
adjustments:
gain on sale of ethanol plant (see note (b))                                                          -                          (23)
asset impairment loss (see note (c))                                                                  -                            61
other operating expenses                                                                             16                             3
adjusted ethanol operating income                                                                  $569                          $151
•adjusted operating income is defined as total company operating income excluding the modification of rvo adjustment, the gain on sale of ethanol plant, the asset impairment loss, the environmental reserve adjustment, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of total company operating income to adjusted operating income total company operating income                                                                 $11,858                         $15,690
adjustments:
modification of rvo (see note (a))                                                                   -                           (104)
gain on sale of ethanol plant (see note (b))                                                         -                            (23)
asset impairment loss (see note (c))                                                                 -                              61
environmental reserve adjustment (see note (d))                                                      -                              20
other operating expenses                                                                            33                              66
adjusted operating income                                                                      $11,891                         $15,710
liquidity and capital resources our liquidity our liquidity consisted of the following as of december 31, 2023 (in millions):
available capacity from our committed facilities (a):
total available capacity                                        5,296
(a)excludes the committed facilities of the consolidated vies.
(b)excludes $260 million of cash and cash equivalents related to the consolidated vies that is for their use only.
information about our outstanding borrowings, letters of credit issued, and availability under our credit facilities is reflected in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our debt and financing agreements do not have rating agency triggers that would automatically require us to post additional collateral. however, in the event of certain downgrades of our senior unsecured debt by the ratings agencies, the cost of borrowings under some of our bank credit facilities and other arrangements may increase. as of december 31, 2023, all of our ratings on our senior unsecured debt, including debt guaranteed by us, were at or above investment grade level as follows:
rating agency                                rating moody's investors service                    baa2 (stable outlook)
standard &amp; poor's ratings services       bbb (stable outlook)
we cannot provide assurance that these ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction below investment grade or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing and the cost of such financings.
we believe we have sufficient funds from operations and from available capacity under our credit facilities to fund our ongoing operating requirements and other commitments over the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. we expect that, to the extent necessary, we can raise additional cash through equity or debt financings in the public and private capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities. however, there can be no assurances regarding the availability of any future financings or additional credit facilities or whether such financings or additional credit facilities can be made available on terms that are acceptable to us.
cash flows components of our cash flows are set forth below (in millions):
operating activities                                                                                           $9,229                         $12,574
repayments of debt and finance lease obligations(including premiums paid on early retirement of debt)         (2,687)                         (6,019)
purchases of common stock for treasury                                                                        (5,136)                         (4,577)
effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash                                                                   139                           (180)
in 2023, we used the $9.2 billion of cash generated by our operations and the $2.4 billion in debt borrowings to make $1.9 billion of investments in our business, repay $2.7 billion of debt and finance lease obligations (including premiums paid on the early retirement of debt), return $6.6 billion to our stockholders through purchases of our common stock for treasury and dividend payments, and increase our available cash on hand by $562 million. the debt borrowings and repayments are described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as previously noted, our operations generated $9.2 billion of cash in 2023, driven primarily by net income of $9.1 billion and noncash charges to income of $2.4 billion, partially offset by an unfavorable change in working capital of $2.3 billion. noncash charges primarily included $2.7 billion of depreciation and amortization expense and $103 million of deferred income tax expense. details regarding the components of the change in working capital, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are described in note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, see "results of operations" for an analysis of the significant components of our net income.
our investing activities primarily consisted of $1.9 billion in capital investments, as defined below under "capital investments," of which $294 million related to capital investments made by dgd.
in 2022, we used the $12.6 billion of cash generated by our operations and the $3.2 billion from the debt issuance and borrowings to make $2.8 billion of investments in our business, repay $6.0 billion of debt and finance lease obligations (including premiums paid on the early retirement of debt), return $6.1 billion to our stockholders through purchases of our common stock for treasury and dividend payments, and increase our available cash on hand by $740 million. the debt issuance, borrowings, and repayments are described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as previously noted, our operations generated $12.6 billion of cash in 2022, driven primarily by net income of $11.9 billion and noncash charges to income of $2.3 billion, partially offset by an unfavorable change in working capital of $1.6 billion. noncash charges primarily included $2.5 billion of depreciation and amortization expense, $50 million of deferred income tax expense, and a $61 million asset impairment loss associated with our lakota ethanol plant, as described in note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements. details regarding the components of the change in working capital, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are described in note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, see "results of operations" for an analysis of the significant components of our net income.
our investing activities of $2.8 billion primarily consisted of $2.7 billion in capital investments, of which $879 million related to capital investments made by dgd.
our capital resources our material cash requirements as of december 31, 2023 primarily consist of working capital requirements, capital investments, contractual obligations, and other matters, as described below. our operations have historically generated positive cash flows to fulfill our working capital requirements and other uses of cash as discussed below.
capital investments capital investments are comprised of our capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, and investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures, as reflected in our statements of cash flows as shown on page 76. capital investments exclude acquisitions, if any.
we also identify our capital investments by the nature of the project with which the expenditure is associated as follows:
•sustaining capital investments are generally associated with projects that are expected to extend the lives of our property assets, sustain their operating capabilities and safety (including deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures), or comply with regulatory requirements. regulatory compliance capital investments are generally associated with projects that are incurred to comply with government regulatory requirements, such as requirements to reduce emissions and prohibited elements from our products.
•growth capital investments, including low-carbon growth capital investments that support the development and growth of our low-carbon renewable diesel and ethanol businesses, are generally associated with projects for the construction of new property assets that are expected to enhance our profitability and cash-generating capabilities, including investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures.
we have developed an extensive multi-year capital investment program, which we update and revise based on changing internal and external factors. the following table reflects our expected capital investments for the year ending december 31, 2024 by nature of the project and reportable segment, along with historical amounts for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (in millions). the following table also reflects capital investments attributable to valero, which is a non-gaap measure that we define and reconcile to capital investments below under "capital investments attributable to valero."
capital investments by nature of the project (b):
sustaining capital investments                                                                       $1,620                      $1,486                      $1,368
growth capital investments:
low-carbon growth capital investments                                                                   345                         237                         836
other growth capital investments                                                                        200                         193                         534
total growth capital investments                                                                        545                         430                       1,370
total capital investments                                                                            $2,165                      $1,916                      $2,738
capital investments by segment:
total capital investments                                                                             2,165                       1,916                       2,738
adjustments:
renewable diesel capital investments attributableto the other joint venture member in dgd             (215)                       (147)                       (439)
capital expenditures of other vies                                                                        -                        (11)                        (40)
capital investments attributable to valero                                                           $1,950                      $1,758                      $2,259
(a)all expected amounts for the year ending december 31, 2024 exclude capital expenditures that the consolidated vies (other than dgd) may incur because we do not operate those vies.
(b)capital investments attributable to valero by nature of the project are as follows (in millions):
sustaining capital investments                          $1,565                      $1,449                      $1,340
growth capital investments:
low-carbon growth capital investments                      185                         126                         422
other growth capital investments                           200                         183                         497
total growth capital investments                           385                         309                         919
capital investments attributable to valero              $1,950                      $1,758                      $2,259
we have publicly announced ghg emissions reduction/displacement targets and a long-term ambition. we believe that our allocation of growth capital into low-carbon projects to date has been consistent with such targets and ambition. certain low-carbon projects have been completed or are already in execution and the associated capital investments are included in our expected capital investments for 2024. our capital investments in future years to achieve these targets and ambition are expected to include investments associated with certain low-carbon projects currently at various stages of progress, evaluation, or approval. see "items 1. and 2. business and properties-our comprehensive liquid fuels strategy-our low-carbon projects" for a description of our low-carbon projects.
capital investments attributable to valero capital investments attributable to valero is a non-gaap financial measure that reflects our net share of capital investments and is defined as all capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, and investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures, excluding the portion of dgd's capital investments attributable to the other joint venture member and all of the capital expenditures of other consolidated vies.
we are a 50 percent joint venture member in dgd and consolidate its financial statements, and dgd's operations compose our renewable diesel segment. as a result, all of dgd's net cash provided by operating activities (or operating cash flow) is included in our consolidated net cash provided by operating activities. dgd's members use dgd's operating cash flow (excluding changes in its current assets and current liabilities) to fund its capital investments rather than distribute all of that cash to themselves. because dgd's operating cash flow is effectively attributable to each member, only 50 percent of dgd's capital investments should be attributed to our net share of capital investments. we also exclude all of the capital expenditures of other vies that we consolidate because we do not operate those vies. see note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for more information about the vies that we consolidate. we believe capital investments attributable to valero is an important measure because it more accurately reflects our capital investments.
capital investments attributable to valero should not be considered as an alternative to capital investments, which is the most comparable gaap measure, nor should it be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our cash flows as reported under gaap. in addition, this non-gaap measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define it differently, which may diminish its utility.
the following table (in millions) reconciles our capital investments to capital investments attributable to valero for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
reconciliation of capital investmentsto capital investments attributable to valero capital expenditures (excluding vies)                                                          $665                            $788
capital expenditures of vies:
deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expendituresof dgd                                         59                              26
capital investments                                                                           1,916                           2,738
adjustments:
dgd's capital investments attributable to our jointventure member                             (147)                           (439)
capital expenditures of other vies                                                             (11)                            (40)
capital investments attributable to valero                                                   $1,758                          $2,259
contractual obligations below is a summary of our contractual obligations (in millions) as of december 31, 2023 that are expected to be paid within the next year and thereafter. these obligations are reflected in our balance sheets, except (i) the interest payments related to debt obligations, operating lease liabilities, and finance lease obligations and (ii) purchase obligations.
operating lease liabilities (c)                                398                         1,002                         1,400
(a)debt obligations and a maturity analysis of our debt are described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements. debt obligations exclude amounts related to net unamortized debt issuance costs and other.
(b)interest payments related to debt obligations are the expected payments based on information available as of december 31, 2023.
(c)operating lease liabilities, finance lease obligations, and maturity analyses of remaining minimum lease payments are described in note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements. operating lease liabilities and finance lease obligations reflected in this table include related interest expense.
(d)other long-term liabilities are described in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements. other long-term liabilities exclude amounts related to the long-term portion of operating lease liabilities that are separately presented above.
(e)purchase obligations are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements. purchase obligations are based on (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and (ii) fixed or estimated prices to be paid based on current market conditions.
the amount outstanding associated with the ienova revolver, as defined and described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements, is reflected in current portion of debt and finance lease obligations in our balance sheet as of december 31, 2023, and also included in the table above in debt obligations - short-term. the ienova revolver is subject to repayment on demand; however, we do not expect the lender to demand repayment during the next 12 months. thus, the final cash flows for this instrument cannot be predicted with certainty at this time.
in 2023, we used cash on hand to purchase and retire $199 million of our public debt. we will continue to evaluate further deleveraging opportunities.
we previously announced our participation in navigator's proposed large-scale carbon capture and sequestration pipeline system in the mid-continent region of the u.s. in october 2023, navigator announced that it decided to cancel this project. under the terms of agreements associated with the project, we may have some rights from and obligations to navigator, including a portion of the aggregate project costs to date, but we do not expect such obligation will be material.
we have not entered into any transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements that would result in off-balance sheet liabilities.
other matters impacting liquidity and capital resources stock purchase programs during the year ended december 31, 2023, we purchased for treasury 39,717,265 of our shares for a total cost of $5.2 billion. as of december 31, 2023, we had $2.2 billion remaining available for purchase under the september 2023 program. on february 22, 2024, our board authorized us to purchase shares of our outstanding common stock for a total cost of up to $2.5 billion with no expiration date, which is in addition to the amount remaining under the september 2023 program. we will continue to evaluate the timing of purchases when appropriate. we have no obligation to make purchases under these programs.
pension plan funding we plan to contribute $113 million to our pension plans and $22 million to our other postretirement benefit plans during 2024. see note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our employee benefit plans.
cash held by our foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2023, $4.3 billion of our cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. cash held by our foreign subsidiaries can be repatriated to us through dividends without any u.s. federal income tax consequences, but certain other taxes may apply, including, but not limited to, withholding taxes imposed by certain foreign jurisdictions, u.s. state income taxes, and u.s. federal income tax on foreign exchange gains. therefore, there is a cost to repatriate cash held by certain of our foreign subsidiaries to us.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by government authorities relating to, among other matters, the discharge of materials into the environment, climate, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg and other emissions, our facilities and operations, and characteristics and composition of many of our products. because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more complex and stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, the level of future costs and expenditures required for environmental matters could increase. see note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements for disclosure of our environmental liabilities. in addition, see note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements regarding our accounting for these liabilities under "environmental matters." see also "items 1. and 2. business and properties-government regulations" and the items incorporated by reference therein.
concentration of customers our operations have a concentration of customers in the refining industry and customers who are refined petroleum product wholesalers and retailers. these concentrations of customers may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that these customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions, including the uncertainties concerning worldwide events causing volatility in the global crude oil markets. however, we believe that our portfolio of accounts receivable is sufficiently diversified to the extent necessary to minimize potential credit risk. historically, we have not had any significant problems collecting our accounts receivable. see also "item 1a. risk factors-legal, government, and regulatory risks-we are subject to risks arising from legal, political, and regulatory developments regarding climate, ghg emissions, and the environment."
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following summary provides further information about our critical accounting policies that involve critical accounting estimates, and should be read in conjunction with note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which summarizes our significant accounting policies. the following accounting policies involve estimates that are considered critical due to the level of subjectivity and judgment involved, as well as the impact on our financial position and results of operations. we believe that all of our estimates are reasonable. unless otherwise noted, estimates of the sensitivity to earnings that would result from changes in the assumptions used in determining our estimates is not practicable due to the number of assumptions and contingencies involved, and the wide range of possible outcomes.
unrecognized tax benefits we take tax positions in our tax returns from time to time that ultimately may not be allowed by the relevant taxing authorities. when we take such positions, we evaluate the likelihood of sustaining those positions and determine the amount of tax benefit arising from such positions, if any, that should be recognized in our financial statements. tax benefits not recognized by us are recorded as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which represents our potential future obligation to various taxing authorities if the tax positions are not sustained.
the evaluation of tax positions and the determination of the benefit arising from such positions that are recognized in our financial statements requires us to make significant judgments and estimates based on an analysis of complex tax laws and regulations and related interpretations. these judgments and estimates are subject to change due to many factors, including the progress of ongoing tax audits, case law, and changes in legislation.
details of our changes in unrecognized tax benefits, along with other information about our unrecognized tax benefits, are included in note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets (primarily property, plant, and equipment) are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. a long-lived asset is not recoverable if its carrying amount exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. if a long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value, with fair value determined based on discounted estimated net cash flows or other appropriate methods.
in order to test for recoverability, we must make estimates of projected cash flows related to the asset being evaluated. such estimates include, but are not limited to, assumptions about future sales volumes, commodity prices, operating costs, margins, the use or disposition of the asset, the asset's estimated remaining useful life, and future expenditures necessary to maintain the asset's existing service potential in light of existing and expected regulations. due to the significant subjectivity of the assumptions used to test for recoverability, changes in market conditions could result in significant impairment charges in the future, thus affecting our earnings.
new environmental and tax laws and regulations, as well as changes to existing laws and regulations, are continuously being enacted or proposed. the implementation of future legislative and regulatory initiatives (such as those discussed in item 1a. risk factors) that may adversely affect our operations could indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable and result in an impairment loss that could be material. if the circumstances that trigger an impairment also result in a reduction in the estimated useful life of the asset, then we may also be required to recognize an asset retirement obligation for that asset.