item 1a. risk factors we are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control, that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information included in this report and other documents filed by us with the sec from time to time, when making an investment decision.
risks related to legislation and regulation our business is significantly impacted by governmental regulation and oversight.
we are subject to significant state, local, and federal governmental regulations, including regulations by the various utility commissions in the states where we serve customers. these regulations significantly influence our operating environment, may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers, affect our ability to implement our corporate strategy, and cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs. changes in regulations, interpretations of regulations, or the imposition of new regulations could also significantly impact us, including requiring us to change our business operations. many aspects of our operations are regulated and impacted by government regulation, including, but not limited to: the rates we charge our retail electric, natural gas, and steam customers; the authorized rates of return of our utilities; construction and operation of electric generating facilities and electric and natural gas distribution systems, including the ability to recover such costs; decommissioning generating facilities, the ability to recover the related costs, and continuing to recover the return on the net book value of these facilities; wholesale power service practices; electric reliability requirements and accounting; participation in the interstate natural gas pipeline capacity market; standards of service; issuance of securities; short-term debt obligations; transactions with affiliates; and billing practices. failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations may lead to customer refunds, penalties, and other payments, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the rates, including adjustments determined under riders, we are allowed to charge our customers for retail and wholesale services have the most significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. rate regulation provides us an opportunity to recover prudently incurred costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. however, our ability to obtain rate adjustments in the future is dependent upon regulatory action, the outcome of which can be influenced by the level of opposition by intervening parties; potential rate impacts; increasing levels of regulatory review; and changes in the political, regulatory, or legislative environments. there is no assurance that our regulators will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred. in addition, our rate proceedings may not always result in rates that fully recover our costs or provide for a reasonable roe. we defer certain costs and revenues as regulatory assets and liabilities for future recovery from or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. future recovery of regulatory assets is not assured and is subject to review and approval by our regulators. if recovery of regulatory assets is not approved or is no longer deemed probable, these costs would be recognized in current period expense and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
changes in the local and national political, regulatory, and economic environment have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on regulatory decisions, which could impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs historically collected from customers. these decisions, which may come from any level of government, may cause us to cancel or delay current or planned projects, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures, or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that our utilities may not be able to recover through rates or otherwise. in november 2023, the icc issued final rate orders for pgl and nsg, with pgl rates effective december 1, 2023. in the rate order, the icc disallowed certain previously incurred capital costs in illinois, which resulted in pgl and nsg recording an impairment loss in the fourth quarter of 2023. in addition, the icc paused spending on pgl's smp for at least one year, causing uncertainty of recovery of costs for existing and future projects. due to the expiration of the qip rider in december 2023, pgl had included the costs of necessary infrastructure improvements related to the smp in its rate case. in january 2024, the icc granted a rehearing to pgl and nsg with a limited scope. disallowance of pgl's and nsg's capital costs will not be part of the rehearing. subsequent to the rehearing, we anticipate appealing the icc's disallowance of these capital costs to the illinois circuit court, which may result in extended uncertainty related to the recovery of existing and future investments in capital expenditures and our natural gas infrastructure in illinois, and may impact future capital plans.
prior to its expiration, the qip rider provided pgl with recovery of, and a return on, qualifying natural gas infrastructure investments that are placed in service between regulatory rate reviews. this rider continues to be subject to an annual reconciliation whereby costs are reviewed for accuracy and prudency. there can be no assurance that all costs incurred under the qip rider during the open reconciliation years, which include 2016 through 2023, will be deemed recoverable by the icc. regulatory lag, as well as the risk of costs being deemed unrecoverable during the review of the outstanding reconciliations, could have a material adverse impact on pgl's, and correspondingly our, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
we believe we have obtained the necessary permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses for our existing operations, have complied in all material respects with all of their associated terms, and that our businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. these permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses may be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued. in addition, permits and other approvals and licenses are often granted for a term that is less than the expected life of the associated facility. licenses and permits may require periodic renewal, which may result in additional requirements being imposed by the granting agency. in addition, existing regulations may be revised or reinterpreted by federal, state, and local agencies, or these agencies may adopt new laws and regulations that apply to us. we cannot predict the impact on our business and operating results of any such actions by these agencies.
if we are unable to recover costs of complying with regulations or other associated costs in customer rates in a timely manner, or if we are unable to obtain, renew, or comply with these governmental permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, or licenses, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
we face significant costs to comply with existing and future environmental laws and regulations.
our operations are subject to extensive and evolving federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations, and permit requirements related to, among other things, air emissions (including, but not limited to: co2, methane, mercury, so2, and nox), protection of natural resources, water quality, wastewater discharges, and management of hazardous and toxic substances and solid wastes and soils. the epa has recently adopted and implemented (or is in the process of implementing) new environmental regulations, with more in the proposal process. these include regulations that govern the emission of nox, ozone, fine particulates, and other air pollutants under the caa through the naaqs, climate change, nsps for ghg emissions from new, modified, and reconstructed fossil-fueled power plants, other air quality regulations, and water quality regulations. for example, the epa finalized regulations under the cwa that govern cooling water intake structures at our power plants, revised again the effluent guidelines for steam electric generating plants, and along with the army corps, released a final rule revising the definition of wotus that may impact projects requiring federal permits. several of these rules were challenged or reviewed by agencies under the biden administration's executive order 13990, which creates additional uncertainty. as a result of these challenges and reviews, existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws or regulations may be adopted at the federal, state, or local level.
we incur significant capital and operating resources to comply with environmental laws, regulations, and requirements, including costs associated with the installation of pollution control equipment; operating restrictions on our facilities; and environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at our facilities. the operation of emission control equipment and compliance with rules regulating our intake and discharge of water could also increase our operating costs and reduce the generating capacity of our power plants. these regulations may create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission allowances and could affect the availability and/or cost of fossil fuels and our ability to continue operating certain generating units. failure to comply with these laws, regulations, and requirements, even if caused by factors beyond our control, may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines. we continue to assess the potential cost of complying, and to explore different alternatives in order to comply, with these and other environmental regulations.
as a result of these compliance costs and other factors, certain of our coal-fired electric generating facilities have become uneconomical to maintain and operate, which has resulted in these units being retired or converted to an alternative type of fuel. as part of our commitment to a cleaner energy future, we have already retired more than 1,900 mws of coal-fired generation since the beginning of 2018. we expect to retire approximately 1,800 mws of additional fossil-fueled generation by the end of 2031, and plan to replace a portion of the retired capacity by building and owning zero-carbon-emitting renewable generation facilities. we continue to evaluate the conversion of certain coal units to natural gas.
our electric and natural gas utilities are also subject to significant liabilities related to the investigation and remediation of environmental impacts at certain of our current and former facilities and at third-party owned sites. we accrue liabilities and defer costs (recorded as regulatory assets) incurred in connection with our former manufactured gas plant sites. these costs include all costs incurred to date that we expect to recover, management's best estimates of future costs for investigation and remediation and related legal expenses, and are net of amounts recovered (or that may be recovered) from insurance or other third parties. due to the potential for the imposition of stricter standards and greater regulation in the future, the possibility that other potentially responsible parties may not be willing or financially able to contribute to cleanup costs, a change in conditions or the discovery of additional contamination, our remediation costs could increase, and the timing of our capital and/or operating expenditures in the future may accelerate or could vary from the amounts currently accrued.
litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental laws and regulations, occurs frequently throughout the united states. this litigation has included claims for damages alleged to have been caused by ghg and other emissions and exposure to regulated substances and/or requests for injunctive relief in connection with such matters. in addition to claims relating to our current facilities, we may also be subject to potential liability in connection with the environmental condition of facilities that we previously owned and operated, regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during, or after the time we owned or operated these facilities. if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or cause (or caused) harm to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil penalties and damages against us. the incurrence of a material environmental liability or a material judgment in any action for personal injury or property damage related to environmental matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
in the event we are not able to recover all of our environmental expenditures and related costs from our customers in the future, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. further, increased costs recovered through rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity and natural gas, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
our operations, capital expenditures, and financial results may be affected by the impact of greenhouse gas legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals.
there is significant attention to issues concerning climate change. management expects this attention to continue since climate change is one of president biden's primary initiatives, with significant actions being taken by his administration. as a result, we expect the epa and states to finalize and implement additional regulations to restrict emissions of ghgs. there have also been increasing efforts to introduce and adopt electrification initiatives and/or mandates and other efforts to reduce or eliminate reliance on natural gas as an energy source. in addition, there is increasing activism from other stakeholders, including institutional investors and other sources of financing, to accelerate the transition to lower ghg emissions.
costs associated with such legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals could be significant within our electric and natural gas operations. ghg regulations that may be finalized in the future, at either the federal or state level, may cause our environmental compliance spending to differ materially from the amounts currently estimated. there is no guarantee that we will be allowed to fully recover costs incurred to comply with these and other federal and state regulations or that cost recovery will not be delayed or otherwise conditioned. these regulations, as well as changes in the fuel markets and advances in technology, could make additional electric generating units uneconomic to maintain or operate, may impact how we operate our existing fossil-fueled power plants and biomass facility, and could cause us to retire and replace units earlier than planned under the esg progress plan, which could lead to a possible loss on abandonment and reduced revenues. in addition, our natural gas delivery systems and natural gas storage fields may generate fugitive gas as a result of normal operations and as a result of excavation, construction, and repair. fugitive gas typically vents to the atmosphere and consists primarily of methane. co2 is also a byproduct of natural gas consumption.
in a movement toward electrification, certain states and municipalities near or in our service territories have passed legislation or are considering ordinances banning natural gas used in new construction in order to limit ghg emissions. for example, the city of chicago is considering an ordinance that would ban the use of natural gas in most new buildings, and the icc is exploring the role of natural gas in the future and issues related to decarbonization of the natural gas distribution system in illinois. there have also been efforts to restrict residential natural gas-fired appliances. future local, statewide, or nationwide actions like these to regulate ghg emissions could increase the price of natural gas, reduce the demand for natural gas, cause us to accelerate the replacement and/or updating of our natural gas delivery systems, and adversely affect our ability to operate our natural gas facilities. a significant increase in the price of natural gas may increase rates for our natural gas customers, which could also reduce natural gas demand and revenues. the adoption of electrification initiatives and/or mandates could also result in an increase in electrical demand and increased investment costs for existing or new electrical systems. these types of initiatives and/or mandates could result in increased costs associated with permitting and siting of new technologies and delayed installation and start-up timelines. in addition, financial investments in older carbon intensive technologies may not be fully realized.
we have set goals to achieve reductions in carbon emissions from our electric generation fleet by 60% by the end of 2025 and by 80% by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. over the longer term, the target for our generation fleet is to be net carbon neutral by 2050. we also believe we will be in a position to eliminate coal as an energy source by the end of 2032.
we continue to monitor the financial and operational feasibility of taking more aggressive action to further reduce ghg emissions in order to limit future global temperature increases. we continue to reduce methane emissions by improving our natural gas
distribution systems. we set a target across our natural gas distribution operations to achieve net-zero methane emissions by the end of 2030.
the ability to achieve these reductions in co2 and methane emissions depends on many external factors, including the ability to make operating refinements, the retirement of less efficient generating units, the development of relevant energy technologies, the use of rng throughout our natural gas utility systems, and the ability to execute our capital plan. these efforts could impact how we operate our electric generating units and natural gas facilities and lead to increased competition and regulation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.
changes in tax legislation, irs audits, or our inability to use certain tax benefits and carryforwards, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our credit ratings.
tax legislation and regulations can adversely affect, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, and credit ratings. future changes to corporate tax rates or policies, including under treasury regulations and guidance issued in connection with the ira, could require us to take material charges against earnings. such changes include, among other things, increasing the federal corporate income tax rate, disallowing or limiting the use of certain tax benefits and carryforwards, limiting interest deductions, and altering the expensing of capital expenditures. our inability to manage these changes, an adverse determination by one of the applicable taxing jurisdictions, or additional interpretations, implementing regulations, amendments, or technical corrections by the treasury department, the irs, or state income tax authorities, could significantly impact our financial results and cash flows.
we have significantly reduced our consolidated federal and state income tax liabilities in the past through tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions. a reduction in or disallowance of these tax benefits could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. we have not fully used these allowed tax benefits in our previous tax filings and have carried them forward to use against future taxable income. our inability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully use these tax carryforwards before they expire, or to transfer future tax credits as discussed below, could significantly affect our tax obligations and financial results.
in addition, we have invested, and plan to continue to invest, in renewable energy generating facilities. these facilities generate ptcs or itcs that we can use to reduce our federal tax obligations. under the ira, a transferability option also allows us to sell these tax credits to third parties. this is a new market that may require additional regulations and guidance from taxing authorities. the amount of tax credits we earn depends on available government incentives and policies, the amount of electricity produced, the applicable tax credit rate, or the amount of the investment in qualifying property. in addition, a variety of operating and economic factors, including transmission constraints, adverse weather conditions, and breakdown or failure of equipment, could significantly reduce the ptcs generated by the renewable projects we have invested in, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, or other assessments related to renewable energy projects or the equipment necessary to generate or deliver it, as well as any reductions or eliminations of tax credits or other governmental incentives that promote renewable energy generating facilities, may limit our ability to make further investments in renewable energy generating facilities or reduce the returns on our existing investments.
we are also uncertain as to how credit rating agencies, capital markets, the ferc, or state public utility commissions will treat any future changes to federal or state tax legislation. these impacts could subject us to credit rating downgrades. in addition, certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted by changes in federal or state income tax legislation.
our electric utilities could be subject to higher costs and penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.
our electric utilities are subject to mandatory reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards established by the north american electric reliability corporation and enforced by the ferc. the critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cybersecurity assets. compliance with the mandatory reliability standards could subject our electric utilities to higher operating costs. if our electric utilities are found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, or damage to our reputation.
provisions of the wisconsin utility holding company act limit our ability to invest in non-utility businesses and could deter takeover attempts by a potential purchaser of our common stock that would be willing to pay a premium for our common stock.
under the holding company act, we remain subject to certain restrictions that have the potential of limiting our diversification into non-utility businesses. under the holding company act, the sum of certain assets of all non-utility affiliates in a holding company system generally may not exceed 25% of the assets of all public utility affiliates in the system, subject to certain exemptions for energy-related assets.
in addition, the holding company act precludes the acquisition of 10% or more of the voting shares of a holding company of a wisconsin public utility unless the pscw has first determined that the acquisition is in the best interests of utility customers, investors, and the public. this provision and other requirements of the holding company act may delay or reduce the likelihood of a sale or change of control of wec energy group. as a result, shareholders may be deprived of opportunities to sell some or all of their shares of our common stock at prices that represent a premium over market prices.
risks related to the operation of our business public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, could adversely affect our business functions, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, and any related government responses may adversely impact the economy and financial markets and could have a variety of adverse impacts on us, including a decrease in revenues; increased bad debt expense; increases in past due accounts receivable balances; and access to the capital markets at unreasonable terms or rates.
public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, and any related government responses could also impair our ability to develop, construct, and operate facilities. risks include extended disruptions to supply chains and inflation, resulting in increased costs for labor, materials, and services, which could adversely impact our ability to implement our corporate strategy. we may also be adversely impacted by labor disruptions and productivity as a result of infections, employee attrition, and a reduced ability to replace departing employees as a result of employees who leave or forego employment to avoid any required precautionary measures.
despite our efforts to manage the impacts of public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, that may occur in the future, the extent to which they may affect us depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control. as a result, we are unable to determine the potential impact any such public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, may have on our business plans and operations, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.
our operations are subject to risks arising from the reliability of our electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas infrastructure facilities, natural gas storage fields, renewable energy facilities, and other facilities, as well as the reliability of third-party transmission providers.
our financial performance depends on the successful operation of our electric generation, natural gas and electric distribution facilities, natural gas storage fields, and renewable energy facilities. the operation of these facilities involves many risks, including operator error and the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes.
potential breakdown or failure may occur due to severe weather (i.e., storms, tornadoes, floods, droughts, etc.); catastrophic events (i.e., fires, earthquakes, and explosions); public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics; significant changes in water levels in waterways; fuel supply or transportation disruptions; accidents; employee labor disputes; construction delays or cost overruns; delays in the replacement of aging infrastructure; shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material, and/or labor; performance below expected levels; operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; terrorist or other physical attacks; or cybersecurity intrusions. any of these events could lead to substantial financial losses, including increased maintenance costs, unanticipated capital expenditures, and a reduction of revenues related to our non-utility renewable energy facilities. because our electric generation and renewable energy facilities are interconnected with third-party transmission facilities, the operation of our facilities could also be adversely affected by events impacting their systems. unplanned outages at our power plants may reduce our revenues, cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses.
insurance, warranties, performance guarantees, or recovery through the regulatory process may not cover any or all of these lost revenues or increased expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
the operations of our natural gas utilities depend upon the availability of adequate interstate pipeline transportation capacity and natural gas.
our natural gas utilities purchase almost all of their natural gas supply from interstate sources that must be transported to the applicable service territories. interstate pipeline companies transport the natural gas to our natural gas utilities' systems under firm service agreements that are designed to meet the requirements of their core markets. a significant disruption to interstate pipelines capacity or reduction in natural gas supply due to events including, but not limited to, operational failures or disruptions, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, freeze-off of natural gas wells, terrorist or physical attacks, cyberattacks, other acts of war, or legislative or regulatory actions or requirements, including remediation related to integrity inspections or regulations and laws enacted to address climate change or other environmental matters, could reduce the normal interstate supply of natural gas and thereby significantly disrupt our operations and/or reduce earnings.
our operations are subject to various conditions that can result in fluctuations in energy sales to customers, including customer growth and general economic conditions in our service areas, varying weather conditions, and energy conservation efforts.
our results of operations and cash flows are affected by the demand for electricity and natural gas, which can vary greatly based upon:
•fluctuations in customer growth and general economic conditions in our service areas. customer growth and energy use can be negatively impacted by population declines as well as economic factors in our service territories, including workforce reductions, stagnant wage growth, changing levels of support from state and local government for economic development, business closings, and reductions in the level of business investment. our electric and natural gas utilities are impacted by economic cycles and the competitiveness of the commercial and industrial customers we serve. any economic downturn, disruption of financial markets, or reduced incentives by state government for economic development could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products or services. these risks could directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas as well as the need for additional power generation and generating facilities. we could also be exposed to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs if customers are unable to pay their bills.
•weather conditions. demand for electricity is greater in the summer and winter months when cooling and heating is necessary. in addition, demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. as a result, our overall results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. in addition, milder temperatures during the summer cooling season and during the winter heating season may result in lower revenues and net income.
•our customers' continued focus on energy conservation. our customers' use of electricity and natural gas has decreased as a result of continued individual conservation efforts, including the use of more energy efficient technologies, and could be further reduced by new building codes, ders, energy storage technology, and private solar. customers could also voluntarily reduce their consumption of energy in response to decreases in their disposable income and increases in energy prices. conservation of energy can be influenced by certain federal and state programs that are intended to influence how consumers use energy. for example, several states, including wisconsin and michigan, have adopted energy efficiency targets to reduce energy consumption.
as part of our planning process, we estimate the impacts of changes in customer growth and general economic conditions, weather, and customer energy conservation efforts, but risks still remain. any of these matters, as well as any regulatory delay in adjusting rates as a result of reduced sales from effective conservation measures or the adoption of new technologies, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations are subject to the effects of global climate change.
a changing climate creates uncertainty and could result in broad changes, both physical and financial in nature, to our service territories. if climate changes occur that result in extreme temperatures in our service territories, our financial results could be adversely impacted by lower electric and natural gas usage and higher natural gas costs. an extreme weather event could result in downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment, which could result in us incurring significant restoration costs and foregoing sales of energy and lost revenues. extreme weather in summer could cause electric load to be interrupted or certain customers to be curtailed who participate in load management programs. additionally, an extreme weather event could also cause the cost of natural gas purchased for our natural gas utility customers and for the use of fuel at our generation facilities to be temporarily driven significantly higher than our normal winter weather expectations. although our utilities have regulatory mechanisms in place for recovering all prudently incurred natural gas costs, our regulators could disallow recovery or order the refund of any costs determined to be imprudent.
in addition, our operations could be adversely affected and our facilities placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, which could result in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, such as wind storms including derecho events, floods, tornadoes, snow and ice storms, or abnormal levels of precipitation. extreme weather may result in unexpected increases in customer load, requiring us to procure additional power at wholesale prices for our retail operations, unpredictable curtailment of customer load by miso to maintain grid reliability, or other grid reliability issues. any of these events could lead to substantial financial losses including increased maintenance costs, unanticipated capital expenditures, or a reduction of revenues related to our non-utility renewable energy facilities. the cost of storm restoration efforts may also not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process.
our corporate strategy may be impacted by policy and legal, technology, market, and reputational risks and opportunities that are associated with the transition to lower ghg emissions. in addition, changes in policy to combat climate change, including mitigation and adaptation efforts, and technology advancement, each of which can also accelerate the implications of a transition to lower emissions, may materially adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows through significant capital expenditures and investments in renewable generation.
our operations and future results may be impacted by changing expectations and demands of our customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders, including heightened emphasis on environmental, social, and governance concerns.
our ability to execute our strategy and achieve anticipated financial outcomes are influenced by the expectations of our customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders. those expectations are based in part on the core fundamentals of affordability and reliability but are also increasingly focused on our ability to meet rapidly changing demands for new and varied products, services, and offerings. additionally, the risks of global climate change continues to shape our customers' sustainability goals and energy needs, as well as the investment and financing criteria of investors. failure to meet these increasing expectations or to adequately address the risks and external pressures from regulators, customers, investors, and other stakeholders may impact our reputation and affect our ability to achieve favorable outcomes in future rate cases or our results of operations. furthermore, the increasing use of social media may accelerate and increase the potential scope of negative publicity we might receive and could increase the negative impact on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.
as it relates to electric generation, a diversified fleet with increasingly clean generation resources may facilitate more efficient financing and lower costs. conversely, jurisdictions utilizing more carbon-intensive generation such as coal may experience difficulty attracting certain investors and obtaining the most economical financing terms available. furthermore, with this heightened emphasis on environmental, social, and governance concerns, and climate change in particular, there is an increased risk of litigation.
our operations and corporate strategy may be adversely affected by supply chain disruptions and inflation.
our business is dependent on the global supply chain to ensure that equipment, materials, and other resources are available to both expand and maintain services in a safe and reliable manner. protracted, expanding or escalating regional conflicts, including the conflicts in ukraine, israel, and parts of the middle east, as well as strained relationships between the united states and other countries related to such conflicts, could further contribute to current domestic and global supply chain disruptions that are delaying the delivery, and in some cases resulting in shortages of, materials, equipment, and other resources that are critical to our business operations. failure to eliminate or manage the constraints in the supply chain may eventually impact the availability of items that are necessary to support normal operations as well as materials that are required to implement our corporate strategy for continued utility and infrastructure growth, including our renewable energy projects.
moreover, prices of equipment, materials, and other resources have increased as a result of these supply chain disruptions and may continue to increase in the future, as a result of inflation. increases in inflation raise our costs for labor, materials, and services, and failure to secure these resources on economically acceptable terms, as well as any regulatory delay in adjusting rates to account for increased costs, may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we are actively involved with multiple significant capital projects, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect project costs and completion of construction projects.
our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, natural gas and lng storage, and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. we also expect to continue constructing and investing in renewable energy generating
facilities as part of the esg progress plan and our goal to be net carbon neutral by 2050, including projects in our non-utility energy infrastructure segment. in addition, wbs continues to invest in technology and the development of software applications to support our businesses.
achieving the intended benefits of any large construction project is subject to many uncertainties, some of which we will have limited or no control over, that could adversely affect project costs and completion time. supply chain disruptions, including solar panel shortages and delays, increasing material costs, government tariffs, and other factors, could impact the timing of completion of our renewable projects. for example, the uflpa's prohibition on imports of solar panels manufactured with certain silica-based products originating in xinjiang, china, has delayed the release of solar panels to us for our renewables projects. additional risks include, but are not limited to, the ability to adhere to established budgets and time frames; the availability of labor or materials at estimated costs; the ability of contractors to perform under their contracts; strikes; adverse weather conditions; potential legal challenges; changes in applicable laws or regulations; rising interest rates; the impact of public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics; other governmental actions; continued public and policymaker support for such projects; and events in the global economy.
certain of these projects require the approval of our regulators. if construction of commission-approved projects should materially and adversely deviate from the schedules, estimates, and/or projections on which the approval was based, our regulators may deem the additional capital costs as imprudent and disallow recovery of them through rates, and otherwise available ptcs and itcs for renewable energy projects could be lost or lose value. in addition, regulators, in a future rate proceeding, may alter the timing or amount of certain costs for which recovery is allowed, such as the case in the icc's november 2023 rate orders for pgl and nsg.
our subsidiaries sometimes enter into equipment purchase orders and construction contracts and incur engineering and design service costs in advance of receiving necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits. if any of these projects are canceled for any reason, including failure to receive necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits, significant cancellation penalties under the equipment purchase orders and construction contracts could occur. in addition, if any construction work or investments have been recorded as an asset, an impairment may need to be recorded in the event the project is canceled.
to the extent that delays occur, costs become unrecoverable, tax credits are lost or lose value, or we or third parties with whom we invest and/or partner otherwise become unable to effectively manage and complete capital projects, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
our operations are subject to risks beyond our control, including but not limited to, cybersecurity intrusions, terrorist or other physical attacks, acts of war, or unauthorized access to personally identifiable information.
we have been subject to attempted cyber attacks from time to time, and will likely continue to be subject to such attempted attacks; however, these prior attacks have not had a material impact on our system or business operations. despite the implementation of security measures, all assets and systems are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to physical or cybersecurity intrusions caused by human error, vendor bugs, terrorist or other physical attacks (including potential attacks on our substations and other electric distribution equipment), acts of war, or other malicious acts. these threats could result in a full or partial disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, purchase, or distribute electricity or natural gas or cause environmental repercussions. if our assets or systems were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached, and were not recovered in a timely manner, we may be unable to perform critical business functions, and data, including sensitive information, could be compromised. cybersecurity attacks, including attacks targeting utility systems and other critical infrastructure may increase during periods of heightened or escalating geopolitical tensions.
we operate in an industry that requires the use of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which in turn control an interconnected network of generation, distribution, and transmission systems shared with third parties. a successful physical or cybersecurity intrusion may occur despite our security measures or those we require of our vendors, including compliance with reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards. successful cybersecurity intrusions, including those targeting the electronic control systems used at our generating facilities and electric and natural gas transmission, distribution, and storage systems, could disrupt our operations and result in loss of service to customers. attacks may come through ransomware, software updates or patches, or firmware that hackers can manipulate. these intrusions may cause unplanned outages at our power plants, which may reduce our revenues or cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses. the risk of such intrusions may also increase our capital and operating costs as a result of having to implement increased security measures for protection of our information technology and infrastructure.
our continued efforts to integrate, consolidate, and streamline our operations have also resulted in increased reliance on current and recently completed projects for technology systems. the failure to enhance existing information technology systems and implement new technology, could adversely affect our operations. we implement procedures to protect our systems, but we cannot guarantee that the procedures we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data and systems are adequate to safeguard against all security breaches. the failure of any of these or other similarly important technologies, or our inability to support, update, expand, and/or integrate these technologies across our subsidiaries could materially and adversely impact our operations, diminish customer confidence and our reputation, materially increase the costs we incur to protect against these risks, and subject us to possible financial liability or increased regulation or litigation.
our business requires the collection and retention of personally identifiable information of our customers, shareholders, and employees, who expect that we will adequately protect such information. in some cases, we rely on third-party hosted services to support our business operations. malicious actors may target these providers to disrupt the services they provide to us, or to use those third parties to attack us. security breaches of our or our third-party service providers' systems may expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information. a significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of personally identifiable information may lead to potentially large costs to notify and protect the impacted persons, and/or could cause us to become subject to significant litigation, costs, liability, fines, or penalties, any of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations as well as our reputation with customers, shareholders, and regulators, among others. in addition, we may be required to incur significant costs associated with governmental actions in response to such intrusions or to strengthen our information and electronic control systems. we may also need to obtain additional insurance coverage related to the threat of such intrusions.
threats to our systems and operations continue to emerge as new ways to compromise components into our systems or networks are developed. any operational disruption or environmental repercussions caused by on-going or future threats to our assets and technology systems could result in a significant decrease in our revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. the costs of repairing damage to our facilities, operational disruptions, protecting personally identifiable information, and notifying impacted persons, as well as related legal claims, may also not be recoverable in rates, may exceed the insurance limits on our insurance policies, or, in some cases, may not be covered by insurance.
advances in technology, and legislation or regulations supporting such technology, could make our electric generating facilities less competitive and may impact the demand for natural gas.
advances in new technologies that produce or store power or reduce power consumption are ongoing and include renewable energy technologies, customer-oriented generation, energy storage devices, and energy efficiency technologies. we generate power at central station power plants and utility-scale renewable generation facilities to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, solar cells, and related energy storage devices, have technologically improved and have become more cost competitive than they were in the past.
recently enacted legislation, including the ira and the infrastructure investment and jobs act, promotes the construction and cost-effectiveness of renewable energy generation, including distributed generation technologies for self-supply of electricity by our customers and third parties. increased use of technologies such as private solar and battery storage in our service territories could reduce our recovery of fixed costs, could result in customers leaving the electric distribution system, and could cause an increase in customer net energy metering, which allows customers with private solar to receive bill credits for surplus power at the full retail amount. over time, customer adoption of these technologies could result in our electric utilities not being able to fully recover the costs and investment in generation. in december 2022, the pscw issued a declaratory ruling finding that a third-party financed der is not a "public utility" under wisconsin law. although the finding was limited to the specific facts and circumstances of the lease presented in that petition and is being appealed, similar findings or a broader policy position could have a material adverse impact on our business operations.
federal and state regulations and other efforts designed to promote and expand the use of distributed generation technologies also incentivize modernization of the electric distribution grid to, among other things, accommodate two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect to these distributed generation technologies. other legislation or regulations could be adopted supporting the use of these technologies at below cost or that permit third-party sales from such facilities, and allow these facilities to interconnect to our distribution system. there is also a risk that advances in technology will continue to reduce the costs of these alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of central station and utility-scale renewable power production.
in addition, we cannot predict the effect that development of alternative energy sources or new technology may have on our natural gas operations, including whether subsidies of alternative energy sources by local, state, and federal governments might be expanded, or what impact this might have on the supply of or the demand for natural gas.
if these technologies become cost competitive and achieve economies of scale, our market share could be eroded, and the value of our generating facilities and natural gas distribution systems could be reduced. advances in technology, or changes in legislation or regulations, could also change the channels through which our customers purchase or use power and natural gas, which could reduce our sales and revenues or increase our expenses.
we transport, distribute, and store natural gas, which involves numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
inherent in natural gas distribution and storage activities are a variety of hazards and operational risks, such as leaks, accidental explosions, and mechanical problems, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. in addition, these risks could result in serious injury to employees and non-employees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, and substantial losses to us. the location of natural gas pipelines and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. these activities may subject us to litigation and/or administrative proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, or be resolved on unfavorable terms. further, delays in the replacement of aging infrastructure as a result of the icc's orders in the pgl and nsg rate cases may lead to increased costs and disruptions in operations that could also negatively impact our financial results.
we face risks related to our non-utility renewable energy facilities that could impact our return on investment or have a negative impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
the production of energy from wind and solar sites depends heavily on suitable weather conditions, which are variable. wind conditions or solar irradiance that is unfavorable or below our estimates can cause electricity production, and therefore revenues and ptcs earned from non-utility renewable energy facilities, to be substantially below our expectations. we base our decisions about which sites to acquire and operate in part on the findings of studies of long-term meteorological data in the proposed area, which includes wind speed and prevailing direction or solar irradiance and seasonal variations of each. actual conditions at these sites, however, may not conform to the results of these studies.
an increase in frequency and severity of weather conditions could cause disruptions to our sites to become more frequent and severe. wind and solar equipment can be damaged by natural events such as lightning strikes that damage blades or in-ground electrical systems used to collect electricity from turbines or panels. sites also may experience production shutdowns or delayed restoration of production during extreme weather conditions resulting in, among other things, damage to solar panels, icing on wind turbine blades, or restricted access to sites. the costs of repairing damage to these facilities may exceed the insurance limits on our insurance policies or may be outside the coverage afforded by our insurance policies. in addition, significant repair costs and/or continuous damage events could cause our insurance premiums to increase or lead to insurance coverage not being available at all. damage to renewable facilities could also reduce operating capacity and cause the declaration of force majeure events. customers may raise objections to force majeure declarations for these or similar operating issues. the failure to satisfy minimum operational or availability requirements under the ppas, including ppas related to projects under construction, could result in payment of damages or termination of the ppas.
lower wholesale market prices for electricity may adversely affect the financial results for certain of our renewable projects, depending on the structure of the related ppa. in addition, lower prices for other energy sources may reduce the demand for wind and solar energy development, which could adversely affect our growth prospects and financial condition. wind and solar energy demand is affected by the price and availability of other fuels, including nuclear, coal, natural gas and oil, as well as other sources of renewable energy. reduced government incentives for wind and solar energy, increases in operating and maintenance costs, new regulations, or incentives that favor other forms of energy could reduce the demand for renewable energy and may adversely affect our results of operations.
we do not own all the property and other sites on which our projects are located, and our rights may be subordinate to the rights of lienholders and leaseholders, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. existing and future projects may be located on property on other sites occupied under long-term easements, leases, and rights of way. the ownership interests on these properties may be subject to mortgages securing loans or other liens and other easements, lease rights and rights
of way of third parties that were created previously. as a result, some of our real property rights may be subordinate to the rights of these third parties, and the rights of our operating subsidiaries to use the property could be lost or curtailed.
we have entered into long-term ppas for the majority of our non-utility renewable energy operations with a small number of customers where their payment is based on the energy produced, and in some cases the rec value created, by our facilities. although initial agreements are often ten years or more, in the future we may not be able to replace expiring ppas related to our non-utility renewable energy facilities with contracts on acceptable terms, including at prices that support operation of the facility on a profitable basis. decreases in the retail prices of electricity supplied by traditional utilities or the pricing of other clean energy sources in the regions where our non-utility renewable energy facilities are located could harm our ability to offer competitive pricing and to sign ppas with customers. if we are unable to replace an expiring ppa with an acceptable new revenue contract, we may be required to sell the power produced by the facility at wholesale prices and be exposed to market fluctuations and risks, or the affected site may temporarily or permanently cease operations. if we are unable to replace an expired distributed generation ppa with an acceptable new contract, we may be required to remove the renewable energy facility from the site or, alternatively, we may have to sell the assets, but the sale price may not be sufficient to replace the revenue previously generated by the renewable energy facility.
for some of our ppas, the net amount paid by our ppa counterparties is impacted by wholesale prices at a market hub location different from the location of our renewable site. systemic shortfalls and disruptions in transmission capacity can cause congestion between the two locations, which along with other factors, can cause price disparity between the market hub and site. this price disparity, known as basis risk, can be significant at times. we attempt to mitigate basis risk where possible, but hedging instruments are often not economically feasible or available in the quantities that we require. basis risk cannot be entirely eliminated and can adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our non-utility renewable energy facilities are exposed to risks through participation in various regional power markets. our ability to acquire new non-utility renewable energy facilities or generate revenue from existing facilities depends on having interconnection arrangements with transmission providers and power markets along with a reliable grid. we cannot predict whether transmission facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate or increase competitive access to those markets. if a transmission network to which one or more of our facilities is connected experiences down time for system emergencies, force majeure, safety, reliability, maintenance or other operational reasons, we may lose revenues and ptcs and be exposed to non-performance penalties and claims from our customers. this risk of curtailment of our non-utility renewable energy facilities may result in a reduced return on our investments, and we may not be compensated for lost energy and ancillary services. as members of these rtos, we are also subject to certain additional risks, including the allocation of losses among existing members caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in these markets and resolution of complaint cases seeking refunds of revenues previously earned by members of these markets. existing, new, or changed rules of these rtos could result in significant additional fees and increased costs for participation, including the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in transmission rate design. in addition, these rtos may assess costs resulting from improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion, and firm transmission rights.
we are a holding company and rely on the earnings of our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations.
as a holding company with no operations of our own, our ability to meet our financial obligations including, but not limited to, debt service, taxes, and other expenses, as well as pay dividends on our common stock, is dependent upon the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us, whether through dividends or other payments. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that are not required to pay any of our obligations or to make any funds available for that purpose or for the payment of dividends on our common stock. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us depends on their earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, and general financial condition, as well as regulatory limitations. prior to distributing cash to us, our subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied, including, among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends. in addition, each subsidiary's ability to pay amounts to us depends on any statutory, regulatory, and/or contractual restrictions and limitations applicable to such subsidiary, which may include requirements to maintain specified levels of debt or equity ratios, working capital, or other assets. our utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions, which generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the utility customers are being met.
we operate in an industry that requires many of our employees to possess unique technical skill sets. events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. these operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a
lengthy time period associated with skill development. failure to hire and obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
our counterparties may fail to meet their obligations, including obligations under power purchase, natural gas supply, natural gas pipeline capacity, and transportation agreements.
we are exposed to the risk that counterparties to various arrangements who owe us money, electricity, natural gas, or other commodities or services will not be able to perform their obligations. should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform or if capacity is inadequate, we may be required to replace the underlying commitment at current market prices or we may be unable to meet all of our customers' electric and natural gas requirements unless or until alternative supply arrangements are put in place. in such event, we may incur losses, and our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity could be adversely affected.
we have entered into several power purchase, natural gas supply, natural gas pipeline capacity, and transportation agreements with non-affiliated companies. revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the counterparties of their obligations under these agreements. although we have a comprehensive credit evaluation process and contractual protections, it is possible that one or more counterparties could fail to perform their obligations. if this were to occur, we generally would expect that any operating and other costs that were initially allocated to a defaulting customer's power purchase, natural gas supply, natural gas pipeline capacity, or transportation agreement would be reallocated among our retail customers. to the extent these costs are not allowed to be reallocated by our regulators or there is any regulatory delay in adjusting rates, a counterparty default under these agreements could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to economic and market volatility our business is dependent on our ability to successfully access capital markets on competitive terms and rates.
we rely on access to credit and capital markets to support our capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. we have historically secured funds from a variety of sources, including the issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities. in addition, we rely on committed bank credit agreements as back-up liquidity, which allows us to access the low cost commercial paper markets. the availability of credit depends upon the ability of banks providing commitments under the facility to provide funds when their obligations to do so arise. systemic risk of the banking system and the financial markets could prevent a bank from meeting its obligations under the credit agreements.
successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the capital markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. continued elevation of, or further increases in, interest rates may adversely affect our results of operations and the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to earn their approved rates of return. high interest rates may also impair our ability to cost-effectively finance capital expenditures and to refinance maturing debt.
our access to the credit and capital markets could be limited, or our cost of capital significantly increased, due to any of the following risks and uncertainties:
•an economic downturn or uncertainty;
•prevailing market conditions and rules;
•political tensions, including civil unrest and election volatility;
•concerns over foreign economic conditions;
•changes in tax policy;
•changes in investment criteria of institutional investors or banks, including any policies that would limit or restrict funding for companies with fossil fuel-related investments;
•war or the threat of war; and
•the overall health and view of the utility and financial institution industries.
if any of these risks or uncertainties limit our access to the credit and capital markets or significantly increase our cost of capital, it could limit our ability to implement, or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, and could limit our ability to sustain our current common stock dividend level.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or require the posting of collateral.
there are a number of factors that impact our credit ratings, including, but not limited to, capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other requirements for capital. we could experience a downgrade in ratings if the rating agencies determine that our level of business or financial risk, or that of any of our utilities or the utility industry, has deteriorated. changes in rating methodologies by the rating agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings.
•increase borrowing costs under certain existing credit facilities;
•require the payment of higher interest rates in future financings and possibly reduce the pool of creditors;
•decrease funding sources by limiting our access to the commercial paper market;
•limit the availability of adequate credit support for our operations; and
•trigger collateral requirements in various contracts.
fluctuating commodity prices could negatively impact our operations.
our operating and liquidity requirements are impacted by changes in the forward and current market prices of natural gas, coal, electricity, renewable energy credits, and ancillary services.
our electric utilities burn natural gas in several of their electric generation plants and as a supplemental fuel at several coal-fired plants. in many instances the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. the cost of natural gas may increase because of disruptions in the supply of natural gas due to a curtailment in production or distribution, international market conditions, the demand for natural gas, and the availability of shale gas and potential regulations and/or other government action affecting its accessibility.
for wisconsin retail electric customers, our utilities bear the risk for the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs within a symmetrical 2% fuel tolerance band compared to the forecast of fuel and purchased power costs established in their respective rate structures. prudently incurred fuel and purchased power costs are recovered dollar-for-dollar from our michigan retail electric customers and our wholesale electric customers. our natural gas utilities receive dollar-for-dollar recovery of prudently incurred natural gas costs from their natural gas customers.
changes in commodity prices could result in:
•higher working capital requirements, particularly related to natural gas inventory, accounts receivable, and cash collateral postings;
•reduced profitability to the extent that lower revenues, increased bad debt, and higher interest expense are not recovered through rates;
•higher rates charged to our customers, which could impact our competitive position;
•reduced demand for energy, which could impact revenues and operating expenses;
•reduced growth prospects from renewable energy projects related to lower cost alternative energy sources and a limited number of purchasers of electricity; and
•shutting down of generation facilities if the cost of generation exceeds the market price for electricity.
we may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which could limit our ability to operate our coal-fired facilities.
we own and operate several coal-fired electric generating units. although we generally carry sufficient coal inventory at our generating facilities to protect against an interruption or decline in supply, there can be no assurance that the inventory levels will be adequate. while we have coal supply and transportation contracts in place, we cannot assure that the counterparties to these agreements will be able to fulfill their obligations to supply coal to us or that we will be able to take delivery of all the coal volume contracted for. coal deliveries may occasionally be restricted because of rail congestion and maintenance, derailments, weather,
public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, and supplier financial hardship. supplier financial hardship is a result of decreased demand for coal due to increased natural gas and renewable energy generation, the impact of environmental regulations, and environmental concerns related to coal-fired generation.
if we are unable to obtain our coal requirements under our coal supply and transportation contracts, we may be required to purchase coal at higher prices or we may be forced to reduce generation at our coal-fired units, which could lead to increased fuel costs. the increase in fuel costs could result in either reduced margins on net sales into the miso energy markets, a reduction in the volume of net sales into the miso energy markets, and/or an increase in net power purchases in the miso energy markets. there is no guarantee that we would be able to fully recover any increased costs in rates or that recovery would not otherwise be delayed, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
our use of derivative contracts could result in financial losses.
we use derivative instruments such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards to manage commodity price exposure. we could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market value of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. these risks are managed through risk management policies, which might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. in addition, although the hedging programs of our utilities must be approved by the various state commissions, derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes might not offset the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.
restructuring in the regulated energy industry and competition in the retail and wholesale markets could have a negative impact on our business and revenues.
the regulated energy industry continues to experience significant structural changes. deregulation or other changes in law in the states where we serve our customers could allow third-party suppliers to contract directly with customers for their natural gas and electric supply requirements. in addition, legislation or regulation that supports distributed energy technologies or that allows third party sales from such technologies could result in further competition. this increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets could have a material adverse financial impact on us.
certain jurisdictions in which we operate, including michigan and illinois, have adopted retail choice. under michigan law, our retail electric customers may choose an alternative electric supplier to provide power supply service. the law limits customer choice to 10% of our michigan retail load. the iron ore mine located in the upper peninsula of michigan is excluded from this cap. when a customer switches to an alternative electric supplier, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions for the customer. although illinois has adopted retail choice, there is currently little or no impact on the net income of our illinois utilities as they still earn a distribution charge for transporting the natural gas for these customers. it is uncertain whether retail choice might be implemented in wisconsin or minnesota.
the ferc continues to support the existing rtos that affect the structure of the wholesale market within these rtos. in connection with its status as a ferc-approved rto, miso implemented bid-based energy markets that are part of the miso energy markets. all market participants, including us, must submit day-ahead and/or real time bids and offers for energy at locations across the miso region. miso then calculates the most efficient solution for all of the bids and offers made into the market that day and establishes an lmp that reflects the market price for energy. we are required to follow miso's instructions when dispatching generating units to support miso's responsibility for maintaining the stability of the transmission system. miso also implemented an ancillary services market for operating reserves that schedules energy and ancillary services at the same time as part of the energy market, allowing for more efficient use of generation assets in the miso energy markets. these market designs continue to have the potential to increase the costs of transmission, the costs associated with inefficient generation dispatching, the costs of participation in the miso energy markets, and the costs associated with estimated payment settlements.
the ferc rules related to transmission are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale electricity markets among regulated utilities, non-utility generators, wholesale power marketers, and brokers by providing greater flexibility and more choices to wholesale customers, including initiatives designed to encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply. in addition, along with transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, financial laws and regulations impact hedging and trading based on futures contracts and derivatives that are traded on various commodities exchanges, as well as over-the-counter. technology changes in the power and fuel industries also have significant impacts on wholesale transactions and related costs. we currently
cannot predict the impact of these and other developments or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are driven by factors beyond our control.
volatility in the securities markets, interest rates, changes in assumptions, market conditions, and other factors may impact the performance of our benefit plan holdings and other investment funds.
we have significant obligations related to pension and opeb plans. if we are unable to successfully manage our benefit plan assets and medical costs, our cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely impacted. our cost of providing these plans is dependent upon a number of factors, including actual plan experience, changes made to the plans, and assumptions concerning the future. types of assumptions include earnings on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation, estimated withdrawals by retirees, and our required or voluntary contributions to the plans. plan assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield returns that fall below projected return rates. in addition, medical costs for both active and retired employees may increase at a rate that is significantly higher than we currently anticipate. our funding requirements could be impacted by a decline in the market value of plan assets, changes in interest rates, changes in demographics (including the number of retirements), or changes in life expectancy assumptions.
in addition, we maintain rabbi trusts to fund our deferred compensation plans and other investments funds, which from time to time, hold equity and debt investments that are subject to market fluctuations. decreases in investment performance of these assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
general risks we have recorded goodwill and other long-lived assets, including intangible assets, that could become impaired.
we assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or circumstances occur that would more than likely indicate that the carrying amount of our reporting unit's net assets exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. at december 31, 2023, our goodwill was $3,052.8 million. other long-lived assets, including intangible assets, are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or circumstances occur that indicate that an asset's carrying value may not be recoverable. if goodwill or other long-lived assets are deemed to be impaired, we may be required to incur a non-cash charge to earnings that could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
see the risk factor titled "our business is significantly impacted by governmental regulation and oversight" for more information about long-lived assets that were impaired as a result of the icc's november 2023 rate orders for pgl and nsg.
our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, could be affected by developments affecting our business; international, national, state, or local events; and the financial condition of insurers and our contractors that are required to acquire and maintain insurance for our benefit. insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at rates or terms similar to those presently available to us. in addition, our insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate developments introduction we are a diversified holding company with natural gas and electric utility operations (serving customers in wisconsin, illinois, michigan, and minnesota), an approximately 60% equity ownership interest in atc (a for-profit electric transmission company regulated by ferc and certain state regulatory commissions), and non-utility energy infrastructure operations through we power (which owns generation assets in wisconsin that it leases to we), bluewater (which owns underground natural gas storage facilities in michigan), and weci, which holds ownership interests in several renewable generating facilities.
corporate strategy our goal is to continue to build and sustain long-term value for our shareholders and customers by focusing on the fundamentals of our business: environmental stewardship; reliability; operating efficiency; financial discipline; exceptional customer care; and safety. our capital investment plan for efficiency, sustainability and growth, referred to as our esg progress plan, provides a roadmap for us to achieve this goal. it is an aggressive plan to cut emissions, maintain superior reliability, deliver significant savings for customers, and grow our investment in the future of energy.
throughout our strategic planning process, we take into account important developments, risks and opportunities, including new technologies, customer preferences and affordability, energy resiliency efforts, and sustainability.
creating a sustainable future our esg progress plan includes the retirement of older, fossil-fueled generation, to be replaced with zero-carbon-emitting renewables and clean natural gas-fired generation. the retirements will contribute to meeting our goals to reduce co2 emissions from our electric generation. when taken together, the retirements and new investments in renewables and clean generation should better balance our supply with our demand, while maintaining reliable, affordable energy for our customers.
we have announced goals to achieve reductions in carbon emissions from our electric generation fleet by 60% by the end of 2025 and by 80% by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. we expect to achieve these goals by continuing to make operating refinements, retiring less efficient generating units, and executing our capital plan. over the longer term, the target for our generation fleet is to be net carbon neutral by 2050.
as part of our path toward these goals, we have started implementing co-firing with natural gas at the ergs coal-fired units. by the end of 2030, we expect to use coal as a backup fuel only, and we believe we will be in a position to eliminate coal as an energy source by the end of 2032.
we already have retired more than 1,900 mws of fossil-fueled generation since the beginning of 2018, which included the 2019 retirement of the pipp as well as the 2018 retirements of the pleasant prairie power plant, the pulliam power plant, and the jointly-owned edgewater unit 4 generating units. see note 6, regulatory assets and liabilities, for more information related to these power plant retirements. we expect to retire approximately 1,800 mws of additional fossil-fueled generation by the end of 2031, which includes the planned retirement in 2024-2025 of ocpp units 5-8, the planned retirement by june 2026 of jointly-owned columbia units 1 and 2, and the planned retirement in 2031 of weston unit 3. see note 7, property, plant, and equipment, for more information related to planned power plant retirements.
in addition to retiring these older, fossil-fueled plants, we expect to invest approximately $7.0 billion from 2024-2028 in regulated renewable energy in wisconsin. our plan is to replace a portion of the retired capacity by building and owning zero-carbon-emitting renewable generation facilities that are anticipated to include the following new investments:
•2,700 mws of utility-scale solar;
•880 mws of wind; and
•250 mws of battery storage.
we also plan on investing in a combination of clean, natural gas-fired generation, including:
•1,125 mws of combustion turbines;
•132 mws of rice natural gas-fueled generation; and
•the purchase of 100 mws of additional capacity in west riverside.
for more details, see liquidity and capital resources - cash requirements - significant capital projects.
in december 2018, we received approval from the pscw for two renewable energy pilot programs. the solar now pilot is expected to add a total of 35 mws of solar generation to we's portfolio, allowing non-profit and governmental entities, as well as commercial and industrial customers, to site utility owned solar arrays on their property. under this program, we has energized 28 solar now projects and currently has another one under construction, together totaling more than 30 mws. the second program, the drer pilot, is designed to allow large commercial and industrial customers to access renewable resources that we would operate. the drer pilot is intended to help these larger customers meet their sustainability and renewable energy goals, and could add up to 35 mws of renewables to we's portfolio. in july 2023, the pscw approved the renewable pathway pilot, the third renewable energy program. this program allows we and wps commercial and industrial customers to subscribe to a portion of a utility-scale, wisconsin-based renewable energy generating facility for up to 125 mws at we and 40 mws at wps.
in august 2021, the pscw approved pilot programs for we and wps to install and maintain ev charging equipment for customers at their homes or businesses. the programs provide direct benefits to customers by removing cost barriers associated with installing ev equipment. in october 2021, subject to the receipt of any necessary regulatory approvals, we pledged to expand the ev charging network within the service territories of our electric utilities. in doing so, we joined a coalition of utility companies in a unified effort to make ev charging convenient and widely available throughout the midwest. the coalition we joined is planning to help build and grow ev charging corridors, enabling the general public to safely and efficiently charge their vehicles.
we also continue to reduce methane emissions by improving our natural gas distribution system. we set a target across our natural gas distribution operations to achieve net-zero methane emissions by the end of 2030. we plan to achieve our net-zero goal through an effort that includes both continuous operational improvements and equipment upgrades, as well as the use of rng throughout our natural gas utility systems. in 2022, we received approval from the pscw for our rng pilots. we have since signed contracts for rng for our natural gas distribution business in wisconsin, which will be transporting the output of local dairy farms onto our gas distribution systems. the rng supplied will directly replace higher-emission methane from natural gas that would have entered our pipes. these contracts bring us to 1.8 bcf of rng planned to enter our systems. rng began flowing in 2023.
in december 2023, we started a pilot program with electric power research institute and cmblu energy, a germany-based designer and manufacturer, to test a new form of long-duration energy storage on the u.s. electric grid. the program will test battery system performance, including the ability to store and discharge energy for up to twice as long as the typical lithium-ion batteries in use today. we expect the full pilot to be completed in 2024.
reliability we have made significant reliability-related investments in recent years, and in accordance with our esg progress plan, expect to continue strengthening and modernizing our generation fleet, as well as our electric and natural gas distribution networks to further improve reliability.
below are a few examples of reliability projects that are proposed, currently underway, or recently completed.
•included in the capital plan are additional proposed lng storage facilities providing approximately four bcf of natural gas supply, which is needed to ensure gas supply for winter reliability.
•we and wg have received approval to each construct their own lng facility to meet anticipated peak demand. each facility would provide approximately one bcf of natural gas supply to meet anticipated peak demand without requiring the construction of additional interstate pipeline capacity. the we lng facility was commercially operational at the end of 2023 and the wg lng facility is targeted for 2024.
•through the smp, pgl had been working to replace old iron pipes and facilities in chicago's natural gas delivery system with modern polyethylene pipes to reinforce the long-term safety and reliability of the system. in november 2023, the icc ordered
pgl to pause spending on the smp until the icc completes a proceeding to determine the optimal method for replacing aging natural gas infrastructure and a prudent investment level. the icc initiated the proceeding on january 31, 2024, and the proceeding is expected to last 12 months. for more information, see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - regulatory, legislative, and legal matters - future illinois proceedings.
on january 3, 2024, the icc granted pgl a limited-scope rehearing, which is limited to the authorized spending for the completion of smp projects that started in 2023 and the authorized spending for emergency repairs needed to ensure the safety and reliability of pgl's delivery system. as a result, pgl has suspended neighborhood work, pending the results of the limited rehearing. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information.
•our utilities continue to upgrade their electric and natural gas distribution systems to enhance reliability and storm hardening.
we expect to spend approximately $3.8 billion from 2024 to 2028 on reliability related projects with continued investment over the next decade. for more details, see liquidity and capital resources - cash requirements - significant capital projects.
operating efficiency we continually look for ways to optimize the operating efficiency of our company and will continue to do so under the esg progress plan. for example, we are making progress on our ami program, replacing aging meter-reading equipment on both our network and customer property. an integrated system of smart meters, communication networks, and data management programs enables two-way communication between our utilities and our customers. this program reduces the manual effort for disconnects and reconnects and enhances outage management capabilities.
we continue to focus on integrating the resources of all our businesses and finding the best and most efficient processes.
financial discipline a strong adherence to financial discipline is essential to meeting our earnings projections and maintaining a strong balance sheet, stable cash flows, a growing dividend, and quality credit ratings.
we follow an asset management strategy that focuses on investing in and acquiring assets consistent with our strategic plans, as well as disposing of assets, including property, plants, equipment, and entire business units, that are no longer strategic to operations, are not performing as intended, or have an unacceptable risk profile. see note 3, dispositions, for information on recent transactions.
our planned investment focus from 2024 to 2028 is in our regulated utilities and non-utility energy infrastructure business, as well as our investment in atc. we expect total capital expenditures for our regulated utility businesses to be approximately $19.5 billion from 2024 to 2028. in addition, we currently forecast that our share of atc's projected capital expenditures over the next five years will be approximately $3 billion. we expect to invest approximately $1.2 billion in our non-utility energy infrastructure business over the same period, which includes our previously announced investment in maple flats and the purchase of an additional 10% ownership interest in samson i. specific projects included in the $23.7 billion esg progress plan are discussed in more detail below under liquidity and capital resources - cash requirements - significant capital projects. also, see note 2, acquisitions, for information on recent and pending transactions.
exceptional customer care our approach is driven by an intense focus on delivering exceptional customer care every day. we strive to provide the best value for our customers by demonstrating personal responsibility for results, leveraging our capabilities and expertise, and using creative solutions to meet or exceed our customers' expectations.
a multiyear effort is driving a standardized, seamless approach to digital customer service across our companies. we have moved all utilities to a common platform for all customer-facing self-service options. using common systems and processes reduces costs, provides greater flexibility and enhances the consistent delivery of exceptional service to customers.
safety safety is one of our core values and a critical component of our culture. we are committed to keeping our employees and the public safe through a comprehensive corporate safety program that focuses on employee engagement and elimination of at-risk behaviors.
under our "target zero" mission, we have an ultimate goal of zero incidents, accidents, and injuries. management and union leadership work together to reinforce the target zero culture. we set annual goals for safety results as well as measurable leading indicators, in order to raise awareness of at-risk behaviors and situations and guide injury-prevention activities. all employees are encouraged to report unsafe conditions or incidents that could have led to an injury. injuries and tasks with high levels of risk are assessed, and findings and best practices are shared across our companies.
our corporate safety program provides a forum for addressing employee concerns, training employees and contractors on current safety standards, and recognizing those who demonstrate a safety focus.
results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our results of operations includes comparisons of our results for the year ended december 31, 2023 with the year ended december 31, 2022. for a similar discussion that compares our results for the year ended december 31, 2022 with the year ended december 31, 2021, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations in part ii of our 2022 annual report on form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 23, 2023.
earnings decreased $76.4 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the significant factors impacting the $76.4 million decrease in earnings were:
•a $92.0 million increase in the net loss attributed to common shareholders at the corporate and other segment, driven by higher interest expense on both long-term and short-term debt. this negative impact was partially offset by net gains from the investments held in the integrys rabbi trust during 2023, compared with net losses during the same period in 2022. the gains and losses from the investments held in the rabbi trust partially offset the changes in benefit costs related to deferred compensation, which are primarily included in other operation and maintenance expense in our utility segments. see note 17, fair value measurements, for more information on our investments held in the integrys rabbi trust.
•an $86.9 million decrease in net income attributed to common shareholders at the illinois segment, driven by higher operating expenses, primarily due to an impairment associated with the icc's disallowance of certain incurred capital costs in its november 2023 rate orders for pgl and nsg, and the year-over-year impact of a gain recorded in 2022 on the sale of certain real estate by pgl. partially offsetting these increases in operating expenses were lower natural gas distribution and maintenance costs and a decrease in expenses related to charitable contributions. higher natural gas margins, due to a positive impact from pgl's rate order, effective december 1, 2023, and continued capital investment in the smp project in 2023 under pgl's qip rider, also
partially offset the net increase in operating expenses. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on the pgl and nsg rate orders.
•a $10.4 million decrease in net income attributed to common shareholders at the electric transmission segment, driven by the positive impact in 2022 related to the d.c. circuit court of appeals opinion issued in august 2022 addressing complaints related to atc's roe. for information on this d.c. circuit court of appeals opinion, see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - regulatory, legislative, and legal matters - american transmission company allowed return on equity complaints.
these decreases in earnings were partially offset by:
•a $92.9 million increase in net income attributed to common shareholders at the wisconsin segment, driven by an increase in electric and natural gas margins related to the impact of the wisconsin rate orders approved by the pscw, effective january 1, 2023, and a positive year-over-year impact from collections of fuel and purchased power costs. these positive impacts were partially offset by a decrease in electric and natural gas margins due to lower sales volumes, and higher operating expenses, including increases in expenses related to transmission, depreciation and amortization, and regulatory amortizations.
•an $11.6 million increase in net income attributed to common shareholders at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment, primarily due to an increase in ptcs driven by the acquisition of additional renewable generation facilities in the second half of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, partially offset by higher interest expense.
•an $8.4 million increase in net income attributed to common shareholders at the other states segment, driven by higher natural gas margins due to an interim rate increase at merc, effective january 1, 2023. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information. this positive impact was partially offset by a decrease in natural gas margins due to lower sales volumes and increases in depreciation and amortization and interest expense.
non-gaap financial measures the discussions below address the contribution of each of our segments to net income attributed to common shareholders. the discussions include financial information prepared in accordance with gaap, as well as electric margins and natural gas margins, which are not measures of financial performance under gaap. electric margins (electric revenues less fuel and purchased power costs) and natural gas margins (natural gas revenues less cost of natural gas sold) are non-gaap financial measures because they exclude other operation and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes.
we believe that electric and natural gas margins provide a useful basis for evaluating utility operations since the majority of prudently incurred fuel and purchased power costs, as well as prudently incurred natural gas costs, are passed through to customers in current rates. as a result, management uses electric and natural gas margins internally when assessing the operating performance of our segments as these measures exclude the majority of revenue fluctuations caused by changes in these expenses. similarly, the presentation of electric and natural gas margins herein is intended to provide supplemental information for investors regarding our operating performance.
our electric margins and natural gas margins may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. furthermore, these measures are not intended to replace operating income as determined in accordance with gaap as an indicator of operating performance. the following table shows operating income by segment for our utility operations during years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
each applicable segment discussion below includes a table that provides the calculation of electric margins and natural gas margins, as applicable, along with a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measure, operating income.
wisconsin segment contribution to net income attributed to common shareholders the wisconsin segment's contribution to net income attributed to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2023 was $851.3 million, representing a $92.9 million, or 12.2%, increase over the prior year. the higher earnings were driven by an increase in electric and natural gas margins related to the impact of the wisconsin rate orders approved by the pscw, effective january 1, 2023, and a positive year-over-year impact from collections of fuel and purchased power costs. these positive impacts were partially offset by a decrease in electric and natural gas margins due to lower sales volumes, and higher operating expenses, including increases in expenses related to transmission, depreciation and amortization, and regulatory amortizations.
cost of natural gas sold                                             894.7                       1,327.4                                               432.7
other operation and maintenance                                    1,531.3                       1,351.3                                             (180.0)
operating income                                                   1,553.3                       1,463.1                                                90.2
preferred stock dividends of subsidiary                                1.2                           1.2                                                   -
the following table shows a breakdown of other operation and maintenance:
operation and maintenance not included in line items below                            $635.1                        $655.8                                              $20.7
earnings sharing mechanisms (4)                                                          5.6                        (13.5)                                             (19.1)
total other operation and maintenance                                               $1,531.3                      $1,351.3                                           $(180.0)
(1)    represents transmission expense that our electric utilities are authorized to collect in rates. the pscw has approved escrow accounting for atc and miso network transmission expenses for we and wps. as a result, we and wps defer as a regulatory asset or liability, the difference between actual transmission costs and those included in rates until recovery or refund is authorized in a future rate proceeding. during 2023 and 2022, $520.4 million and $516.7 million, respectively, of costs were billed to our electric utilities by transmission providers.
during 2022, we and wps amortized $81.0 million of the regulatory liabilities associated with their transmission escrows to offset certain 2022 revenue deficiencies, as approved by the pscw in order to forego filing for 2022 base rate increases. this amortization drove the lower transmission expense during 2022.
(2)    regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses are substantially offset in margins and therefore do not have a significant impact on net income. effective january 1, 2023, the pscw approved escrow accounting for pension and opeb costs, as well as certain costs associated
with our jointly-owned columbia plant. as a result, our wisconsin utilities defer as a regulatory asset or liability, the difference between these actual costs and those included in rates until recovery or refund is authorized in a future rate proceeding.
(3)    represents costs associated with the we power generation units, including operating and maintenance costs recognized by we. during 2023 and 2022, $124.5 million and $121.7 million, respectively, of costs were billed to or incurred by we related to the we power generation units, with the difference in costs billed or incurred and expenses recognized, either deferred or deducted from the regulatory asset.
(4)    represents operation and maintenance associated with the earnings mechanisms we have in place. in 2022, this amount was reduced by the $21.6 million amortization of certain regulatory liability balances associated with wps's 2020 earnings sharing mechanism to offset certain 2022 revenue deficiencies, as approved by the pscw in order to forego filing for 2022 base rate increases. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information.
the following tables provide information on delivered sales volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
customer class residential                                                       10,966.8                      11,372.6                                             (405.8)
(1)    includes distribution sales for customers who have purchased power from an alternative electric supplier in michigan.
customer class residential                                                            1,014.8                     1,189.6                                 (174.8)
(1)    normal degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from mitchell international airport in milwaukee, wisconsin.
(2)    normal degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from the green bay, wisconsin weather station.
(3)    normal degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from the iron mountain, michigan weather station.
electric revenues electric revenues increased $39.0 million during 2023, compared with 2022. to the extent that changes in fuel and purchased power costs are passed through to customers, the changes are offset by comparable changes in revenues. see the discussion of electric utility margins below for more information related to the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs and the remaining drivers of the changes in electric revenues.
electric utility margins electric utility margins at the wisconsin segment increased $304.5 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the significant factors impacting the higher electric utility margins were:
•a $330.5 million increase in margins related to the impact of the wisconsin rate orders approved by the pscw, effective january 1, 2023.
•a $61.6 million year-over-year positive impact from collections of fuel and purchased power costs. under the wisconsin fuel rules, the margins of our electric utilities are impacted by under- or over-collections of certain fuel and purchased power costs that are within a 2% price variance from the costs included in rates, and the remaining variance beyond the 2% price variance is generally deferred for future recovery or refund to customers. in 2022, wps was unable to defer a portion of its under-collected fuel and purchased power costs due to earning an roe in excess of the pscw authorized amount.
•a $15.7 million increase in margins during 2023, related to the expiration of a capacity purchase contract driven by the acquisition of the whitewater facility, effective january 1, 2023.
these increases in margins were partially offset by:
•a $67.9 million decrease in margins related to lower retail electric sales volumes, including steam operations, driven by the impact of unfavorable weather during 2023, compared with 2022. as measured by cooling degree days, 2023 was 7.2% and 17.0% cooler than 2022 in the milwaukee area and green bay area, respectively. as measured by heating degree days, 2023 was 15.1% and 11.4% warmer than 2022 in the milwaukee area and green bay area, respectively.
•a $25.1 million decrease in other revenues, primarily related to a ferc order in january 2023 that eliminated reactive power compensation miso was required to pay to generators, including our electric utilities, as well as lower revenues from third-party use of our assets. the decrease in reactive power revenues is substantially offset by a decrease in transmission expense related to a deferral of these revenues as a component of our transmission escrow, as approved by the pscw in june 2023 and discussed below.
•lower margins of $8.0 million driven by the expiration of a wholesale contract in may 2022.
natural gas revenues natural gas revenues decreased $373.6 million during 2023, compared with 2022. because prudently incurred natural gas costs are passed through to our customers in current rates, the changes are offset by comparable changes in revenues. the average per-unit cost of natural gas decreased approximately 25% during 2023, compared with 2022. the remaining drivers of changes in natural gas revenues are described in the discussion of natural gas utility margins below.
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins at the wisconsin segment increased $59.1 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the most significant factor impacting the higher natural gas utility margins was a $116.6 million increase in margins related to the impact of the wisconsin rate orders approved by the pscw, effective january 1, 2023. this increase in margins was partially offset by a $57.4 million decrease in margins from lower sales volumes, driven by the impact of unfavorable weather during 2023, compared with 2022.
other operating expenses (includes other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes)
other operating expenses at the wisconsin segment increased $273.4 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the significant factors impacting the increase in other operating expenses were:
•a $109.5 million increase in transmission expense as approved in the pscw's 2023 rate orders, effective january 1, 2023. see the notes under the other operation and maintenance table above for more information. this amount is net of a deferral of $11.9 million approved by the pscw in june 2023, retroactive to december 1, 2022, in response to a ferc order eliminating reactive power compensation to our utilities, as discussed in electric margins above.
•a $96.8 million increase in depreciation and amortization, driven by assets being placed into service as we continue to execute on our capital plan.
•a $62.7 million increase in regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses, as discussed in the notes under the other operation and maintenance table above.
•a $33.3 million increase in other operation and maintenance expense related to the we power leases, as discussed in the notes under the other operation and maintenance table above.
•a $29.4 million increase in other operating and maintenance related to our power plants, driven by increases to certain plant-related regulatory assets in 2022 as a result of the december 2022 wisconsin rate orders as well as operating costs associated with whitewater, which we purchased in january 2023. these increases were partially offset by lower severance during 2023.
•a $19.1 million increase in expense related to the earnings sharing mechanisms in place at our wisconsin utilities, as discussed in the notes under the other operation and maintenance table above. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information.
these increases in other operating expenses were partially offset by:
•a $19.1 million increase in pre-tax gains on the sale of land, primarily at the site of our former pleasant prairie power plant during 2023.
•a $15.6 million decrease in electric and natural gas distribution expenses, driven by lower costs to maintain the distribution system and for storm restoration during 2023, compared with 2022.
•a $7.0 million decrease in expenses associated with the settlement of legal claims.
other income, net other income, net at the wisconsin segment increased $37.7 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by higher afudc-equity due to continued capital investment. see note 27, other income, net, for more information.
interest expense interest expense at the wisconsin segment increased $45.1 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the increase was primarily due to the impact of we and wps issuing long-term debt during the third and fourth quarters of 2022, respectively, and higher average short-term debt balances and increased short-term debt interest rates. also contributing to the increase was the 2022 deferral of $8.2 million of interest expense related to capital investments made by wg since its 2020 rate case, as approved by the pscw in an order that allowed our wisconsin utilities to offset certain 2022 revenue deficiencies in order to forego filing for 2022 base rate increases. this deferred interest expense is now being amortized over a two-year period. during 2023, wg amortized $4.1 million of interest expense. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information. these increases were partially offset by higher afudc-debt due to continued capital investment and lower interest expense on finance lease liabilities, primarily related to the we power leases, as finance lease liabilities decrease each year as payments are made.
income tax expense income tax expense at the wisconsin segment decreased $10.1 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the decrease was primarily due to a $23.1 million increase in ptcs and a $6.3 million increase in income tax benefits associated with afudc-equity, both driven by continued capital investment. these decreases in income tax expense were partially offset by higher pre-tax income. see note 16, income taxes, for more information.
illinois segment contribution to net income attributed to common shareholders the illinois segment's contribution to net income attributed to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2023 was $140.0 million, representing an $86.9 million, or 38.3%, decrease from the prior year. the decrease was driven by higher operating expenses, primarily due to an impairment associated with the icc's disallowance of certain incurred capital costs in its november 2023 rate orders for pgl and nsg, and the year-over-year impact of a gain recorded in 2022 on the sale of certain real estate by pgl. partially offsetting these increases in operating expenses were lower natural gas distribution and maintenance costs and a decrease in expenses related to charitable contributions. higher natural gas margins, due to a positive impact from pgl's rate order, effective december 1, 2023, and continued capital investment in the smp project in 2023 under pgl's qip rider, also partially offset the net increase in operating expenses. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on the pgl and nsg rate orders.
since the majority of pgl and nsg customers use natural gas for heating, net income attributed to common shareholders at the illinois segment is sensitive to weather and is generally higher during the winter months.
cost of natural gas sold                                             443.0                         792.5                                                 349.5
other operation and maintenance                                      397.9                         459.2                                                  61.3
impairment related to icc disallowances                              178.9                             -                                               (178.9)
operating income                                                     270.8                         369.7                                                (98.9)
the following table shows a breakdown of other operation and maintenance:
operation and maintenance not included in the line items below                   $303.4                      $319.4                                          $16.0
total other operation and maintenance                                            $397.9                      $459.2                                          $61.3
(1)    these riders and regulatory amortizations are substantially offset in margins and therefore do not have a significant impact on net income.
the following tables provide information on delivered sales volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
customer class residential                                                              778.1                       907.0                                 (128.9)
(1)    normal heating degree days are based on a 12-year moving average of monthly temperatures from chicago's o'hare airport.
natural gas revenues natural gas revenues decreased $333.1 million during 2023, compared with 2022. because prudently incurred natural gas costs are passed through to our customers in current rates, the changes are offset by comparable changes in revenues. the average per-unit cost of natural gas sold decreased approximately 35% during 2023, compared with 2022. the remaining drivers of changes in natural gas revenues are described in the discussion of margins below.
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins at the illinois segment, net of the $32.9 million impact of the riders referenced in the table above, increased $49.3 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the increase in margins was primarily driven by:
•a $29.5 million increase in margins related to the impact of the pgl rate order issued by the icc, effective december 1, 2023.
•a $23.9 million increase in revenues at pgl due to continued capital investment in the smp project under the qip rider. pgl recovered the costs related to the smp through a surcharge on customer bills pursuant to the qip rider, which was in effect for most of 2023.
for information on pgl's rate order, the qip rider, pgl's plan to recover smp costs after 2023, and the pause in spending on the smp, see note 26, regulatory environment.
other operating expenses (includes other operation and maintenance, impairment related to icc disallowances, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes)
other operating expenses at the illinois segment increased $148.2 million, net of the $32.9 million impact of the riders referenced in the table above, during 2023, compared with 2022. the significant factors impacting the increase in other operating expenses were:
•a $178.9 million impairment associated with the icc orders received in november 2023 related to pgl's and nsg's rate reviews, which included the disallowance of previously incurred capital costs at pgl and nsg, in the amount of $177.2 million and $1.7 million, respectively. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on the icc disallowances.
•a $54.5 million pre-tax gain on the sale of certain real estate in chicago during 2022. see note 3, dispositions, for more information.
•an $11.1 million increase in expense driven by an icc order received in may 2023 related to an annual prudency review of pgl's and nsg's uea riders, which required refunds to ratepayers starting in september 2023. see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - regulatory, legislative, and legal matters - regulatory recovery for more information.
these increases in operating expenses were partially offset by:
•a $43.8 million decrease in natural gas distribution and maintenance costs, primarily related to maintaining the natural gas infrastructure during 2023, compared with 2022.
•a $25.0 million decrease in expenses related to contributions to charitable projects supporting our customers and the communities within our service territories during 2023, compared with 2022.
•a $9.4 million decrease in expenses associated with the settlement of legal claims during 2022.
•a $3.7 million decrease in customer service expense due to lower call center expense and metering costs.
•a $3.0 million decrease in benefit costs, primarily due to lower stock-based compensation expense related to plan performance during 2023.
other income, net other income, net at the illinois segment decreased $7.4 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by lower net credits from the non-service components of our net periodic pension and opeb costs. see note 20, employee benefits, for more information on our benefit costs.
interest expense interest expense at the illinois segment increased $15.1 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by higher long-term debt balances related to incremental borrowings in both 2023 and 2022, primarily related to additional capital investment. also contributing to the increase was higher short-term debt interest rates.
other states segment contribution to net income attributed to common shareholders the other states segment's contribution to net income attributed to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2023 was $48.1 million, representing an $8.4 million, or 21.2%, increase over the prior year. the increase was driven by higher natural gas margins due to an interim rate increase at merc, effective january 1, 2023. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information. this positive impact was partially offset by a decrease in natural gas margins due to lower sales volumes and increases in depreciation and amortization and interest expense.
since the majority of merc and mgu customers use natural gas for heating, net income attributed to common shareholders is sensitive to weather and is generally higher during the winter months.
cost of natural gas sold                                           277.2                       391.6                                               114.4
other operation and maintenance                                     94.5                        98.5                                                 4.0
operating income                                                    79.7                        64.2                                                15.5
the following table shows a breakdown of other operation and maintenance:
operation and maintenance not included in line item below                       $72.6                     $77.8                                  $5.2
total other operation and maintenance                                           $94.5                     $98.5                                  $4.0
(1)    regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses are substantially offset in margins and therefore do not have a significant impact on net income.
the following tables provide information on delivered sales volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
customer class residential                                                              293.8                       353.1                                           (59.3)
(1)    normal heating degree days for merc and mgu are based on a 20-year moving average and 15-year moving average, respectively, of monthly temperatures from various weather stations throughout their respective territories.
natural gas revenues natural gas revenues decreased $99.4 million during 2023, compared with 2022. because prudently incurred natural gas costs are passed through to our customers in current rates, the changes are offset by comparable changes in revenues. the average per-unit cost of natural gas sold decreased approximately 17% during 2023, compared with 2022. the remaining drivers of changes in natural gas revenues are described in the discussion of margins below.
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins increased $15.0 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by a $19.5 million increase related to an interim rate increase at merc that was effective january 1, 2023. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information. this increase in natural gas utility margins was partially offset by a $6.1 million decrease related to lower sales volumes, primarily driven by warmer weather. as measured by heating degree days, 2023 was 14.7% and 13.1% warmer than 2022 at merc and mgu, respectively.
other operating expenses (includes other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes)
other operating expenses at the other states segment decreased $0.5 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the significant factors impacting the decrease in operating expenses were:
•a $1.8 million decrease in natural gas operations and customer service expense, driven by fewer operation and maintenance projects at mgu during 2023.
•a $1.6 million decrease in benefit costs, primarily due to lower stock-based compensation expense related to plan performance.
these decreases in other operating expenses were partially offset by a $2.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization related to continued capital investment.
other income, net other income, net at the other states segment decreased $1.9 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by lower net credits from the non-service components of our net periodic pension and opeb costs. see note 20, employee benefits, for more information on our benefit costs.
equity in earnings of transmission affiliates                        $177.5                      $194.7                   $(17.2)
equity in earnings of transmission affiliates equity in earnings of transmission affiliates decreased $17.2 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the decrease was primarily driven by the $20.5 million positive impact recorded in 2022 related to the d.c. circuit court of appeals opinion issued in august 2022 addressing complaints related to atc's roe. for information on this d.c. circuit court of appeals opinion, see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - regulatory, legislative, and legal matters - american transmission company allowed return on equity complaints. partially offsetting this negative year-over-year impact was continued capital investment by atc.
operating income                                                              $360.7                      $372.8                                          $(12.1)
income tax benefit                                                            (68.4)                      (20.9)                                             47.5
operating income operating income at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment decreased $12.1 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by these items at weci:
•recognition of $15.2 million in revenue related to our upstream wind park in 2022 that was associated with market settlements received from spp in february 2021. these settlements were subject to a ferc complaint, so we were not able to recognize them as revenue until the ferc issued an order denying that complaint in 2022.
•a $13.4 million positive revenue impact in 2022 from a sharing arrangement with one of our blooming grove customers resulting from strong energy prices.
these decreases in operating income were partially offset by:
•recognition of $6.4 million in revenue related to our blooming grove wind park in 2023 for a capacity payment received from pjm interconnection that was associated with a december 2022 cold weather event. the capacity payment was subject to a ferc complaint, so we recognized this as revenue in 2023 when ferc issued an order denying that complaint.
•a $4.4 million positive impact from sapphire sky wind, a new wind facility acquired in february 2023.
in addition to the above items at weci, there was a $5.4 million positive impact from we power due to continued capital investment.
interest expense interest expense at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment increased $25.4 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by a $16.1 million increase in interest expense due to weci's issuance of a $430.0 million long-term intercompany note payable to wec energy group in april 2023. this intercompany interest expense is offset by higher intercompany interest income at the corporate and other segment and is eliminated in consolidation. also driving the increase was the impact of weci wind holding ii's issuance of long-term debt in december 2022.
income tax benefit the income tax benefit at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment increased $47.5 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the increase was primarily due to a $37.5 million increase in ptcs in 2023, driven by the acquisition of additional renewable generation facilities in the second half of 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023. also contributing to the favorable income tax variance were lower pre-tax earnings during 2023, compared with 2022.
operating loss                                                     $(26.8)                     $(11.7)                                          $(15.1)
income tax benefit                                                  (68.3)                      (45.7)                                             22.6
operating loss the operating loss at the corporate and other segment increased $15.1 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by the year-over-year impact from the 2022 resolution of a previously recorded liability as certain outstanding matters reached a favorable outcome. lower operating income at wispark also contributed to the higher operating loss, driven by the 2022 positive impact from a payment on a note receivable that was previously written off due to uncertainty regarding its collectability and lower gains related to the sale of land and other assets.
other income, net other income, net at the corporate and other segment increased $38.7 million during 2023, compared with 2022. the significant factors impacting the increase in other income, net were:
•a $13.7 million net gain from the investments held in the integrys rabbi trust during 2023, compared with a $12.6 million net loss during 2022. the gains and losses from the investments held in the rabbi trust partially offset the changes in benefit costs related to deferred compensation, which are primarily included in other operation and maintenance expense in our utility segments. see note 17, fair value measurements, for more information on our investments held in the integrys rabbi trust.
•an $18.3 million increase in intercompany interest income, driven by weci's issuance of a $430.0 million long-term intercompany note to wec energy group in april 2023 and higher interest rates on short-term borrowings to subsidiaries in our operating segments. this intercompany interest income is offset by higher intercompany interest expense in our operating segments and is eliminated in consolidation.
these increases in other income, net were partially offset by a $3.5 million net loss from our equity method investments in technology and energy-focused investment funds during 2023, compared with $6.5 million of net earnings during 2022.
interest expense interest expense at the corporate and other segment increased $138.2 million during 2023, compared with 2022, primarily due to the impact of long-term debt issuances in september 2022, january 2023, and april 2023. also driving the increase in interest expense was higher average short-term debt balances and increased short-term debt interest rates.
income tax benefit the income tax benefit at the corporate and other segment increased $22.6 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by a higher pre-tax loss. this increase in the income tax benefit was partially offset by a $5.9 million decrease in excess tax benefits recognized related to stock option exercises.
liquidity and capital resources overview we expect to maintain adequate liquidity to meet our cash requirements for operation of our businesses and implementation of our corporate strategy through internal generation of cash from operations and access to the capital markets.
the following discussion and analysis of our liquidity and capital resources includes comparisons of our cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2023 with the year ended december 31, 2022. for a similar discussion that compares our cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2022 with the year ended december 31, 2021, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources in part ii of our 2022 annual report on form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 23, 2023.
(in millions)                                             2023                         2022         change in 2023 over 2022
operating activities                               $3,018.4                     $2,060.7                   $957.7
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $957.7 million during 2023, compared with 2022, driven by:
•a $1.54 billion increase in cash from lower payments for fuel and purchased power at our generation plants, as well as lower natural gas costs related to natural gas sold to our customers during 2023, compared with 2022, primarily driven by a decrease in the price of natural gas.
•a $111.3 million increase in cash related to $58.9 million of cash received for income taxes during 2023, compared with $52.4 million of cash paid for income taxes during 2022. the increase in cash received for income taxes was driven by proceeds received in 2023 related to ptcs that were sold to a third party.
these increases in net cash provided by operating activities were partially offset by:
•a $403.7 million decrease in cash driven by collateral paid to counterparties during 2023, compared with collateral received from counterparties during 2022, as well as realized losses on derivative instruments recognized during 2023, compared with realized gains recognized during 2022.
•a $168.2 million decrease in cash from higher payments for interest, driven by long-term debt issuances during the last four months of 2022 and early 2023, higher average short-term debt balances, and higher interest rates during 2023, compared with 2022.
•a $127.9 million decrease in cash from higher payments for operating and maintenance expenses. during 2023, our payments were higher associated with previous commitments to charitable projects, transmission costs, and operation and maintenance related to our we power and wisconsin generation units, as well as due to the timing of payments for accounts payable.
•a $22.1 million decrease in cash related to higher payments for environmental remediation related to work completed on former manufactured gas plant sites during 2023, compared with 2022.
•the acquisition of a 90% ownership interest in sapphire sky in february 2023 for $442.6 million, net of cash acquired of $0.3 million.
•the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in samson i in february 2023 for $257.3 million, net of cash acquired of $5.2 million.
•a $178.0 million increase in cash paid for capital expenditures during 2023, compared with 2022, which is discussed in more detail below.
•the acquisition of a 90% ownership interest in red barn in april 2023 for $143.8 million.
•the acquisition of a 13.8% ownership interest in west riverside in june 2023 for $95.3 million. see note 8, jointly owned utility facilities, for more information.
•the acquisition of whitewater in january 2023 for $76.0 million.
•a decrease of $39.1 million in insurance proceeds received during 2023, compared with 2022. in 2022, we received insurance proceeds for property damage related to the psb water damage claim. see note 7, property, plant, and equipment, for more information.
•a $36.2 million decrease in proceeds received from the sale of assets during 2023, compared with 2022. see note 3, dispositions, for more information.
•an $18.2 million increase in capital contributions paid to transmission affiliates during 2023, compared with 2022. see note 21, investment in transmission affiliates, for more information.
•a $10.1 million decrease in cash received for the reimbursement of atc's construction costs during 2023, compared with 2022. see note 21, investment in transmission affiliates, for more information.
these increases in net cash used in investing activities were partially offset by the acquisition of a 90% ownership interest in thunderhead in september 2022 for $382.0 million.
for more information on our acquisitions, see note 2, acquisitions.
capital expenditures capital expenditures by segment for the years ended december 31 were as follows:
reportable segment (in millions)                                2023                         2022                  change in 2023 over 2022
total capital expenditures                               $2,492.9                     $2,314.9                            $178.0
the increase in cash paid for capital expenditures at the wisconsin segment during 2023, compared with 2022, was driven by higher payments related to renewable energy projects, upgrades to we's and wps's electric and natural gas distribution systems, and construction of we's and wg's lng facilities. these increases were partially offset by lower payments for capital expenditures related to the natural gas-fired generation constructed at wps's weston power plant site.
the decrease in cash paid for capital expenditures at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment during 2023, compared with 2022, was primarily driven by lower payments for capital expenditures related to wastewater treatment system modifications for we power's ergs units. see note 24, commitments and contingencies, for more information.
see liquidity and capital resources - cash requirements - significant capital projects below for more information.
•a $913.3 million decrease in cash due to higher retirements of long-term debt during 2023, compared with 2022.
•a $66.3 million decrease in cash due to higher dividends paid on our common stock during 2023, compared with 2022. in january 2023, our board of directors increased our quarterly dividend by $0.0525 per share (7.2%) effective with the march 2023 dividend payment.
these decreases in net cash provided by financing activities were partially offset by:
•a $626.3 million increase in cash due to $373.7 million of net borrowings of commercial paper during 2023, compared with $252.6 million of net repayments of commercial paper during 2022.
•a $170.7 million increase in cash due to higher issuances of long-term debt during 2023, compared with 2022.
•a $52.6 million increase in cash due to a decrease in common stock purchased during 2023, compared with 2022, to satisfy requirements of our stock-based compensation plans.
significant financing activities for more information on our financing activities, see note 13, short-term debt and lines of credit, and note 14, long-term debt.
cash requirements we require funds to support and grow our businesses. our significant cash requirements primarily consist of capital and investment expenditures, payments to retire and pay interest on long-term debt, the payment of common stock dividends to our shareholders, and the funding of our ongoing operations. our significant cash requirements are discussed in further detail below.
significant capital projects we have several capital projects that will require significant capital expenditures over the next three years and beyond. all projected capital requirements are subject to periodic review and may vary significantly from estimates, depending on a number of factors. these factors include environmental requirements, regulatory restraints and requirements, changes in tax laws and regulations, acquisition and development opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, supply chain disruptions, inflation, and interest rates. our estimated capital expenditures and acquisitions for the next three years are reflected below. these amounts include anticipated expenditures for environmental compliance and certain remediation issues. for a discussion of certain environmental matters affecting us, see note 24, commitments and contingencies.
our utilities continue to upgrade their electric and natural gas distribution systems to enhance reliability. these upgrades include addressing our aging infrastructure, system hardening, and the ami program. ami is an integrated system of smart meters, communication networks, and data management systems that enable two-way communication between utilities and customers.
we are committed to investing in solar, wind, battery storage, and clean natural gas-fired generation. below are examples of projects that are proposed or currently underway.
•we and wps, along with an unaffiliated utility, received pscw approval to acquire and construct paris, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. the project will be located in kenosha county, wisconsin and once fully constructed, we and wps will collectively own 180 mws of solar generation and 99 mws of battery storage of this project. we's and wps's combined share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately $542 million, with construction of the solar portion and battery storage expected to be completed in 2024 and 2025, respectively.
•we and wps, along with an unaffiliated utility, received pscw approval to acquire and construct darien, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility. the project will be located in rock and walworth counties, wisconsin and once fully constructed, we and wps will collectively own 225 mws of solar generation. we's and wps's combined share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately $405 million, with construction expected to be completed in 2024. as part of its order, the pscw approved battery capacity at this project, which is no longer included in the current capital plan. we will continue to evaluate timing, cost, and feasibility of the installation of batteries.
•we and wps, along with an unaffiliated utility, received pscw approval to acquire koshkonong, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility. the project will be located in dane county, wisconsin and once fully constructed, we and wps will collectively own 270 mws of solar generation. we's and wps's combined share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately $486 million, with construction expected to be completed in 2026. as part of its order, the pscw approved battery capacity at this project, which is no longer included in the current capital plan. we will continue to evaluate timing, cost, and feasibility of the installation of batteries.
•in september 2023, wps filed a request with the pscw to exercise a second option to acquire an additional 100 mws of capacity in west riverside, a combined cycle natural gas plant operated by an unaffiliated utility in rock county, wisconsin. in october 2023, wps filed for approval to assign the second option to purchase west riverside to we. if approved, our share of the cost of this ownership interest is expected to be approximately $100 million, with the transaction expected to close in 2024.
•we and wps plan to enhance fuel flexibility at the coal-fired ergs units and weston unit 4.
•in february 2024, we and wps, along with an unaffiliated utility, filed a request with the pscw to acquire and construct high noon, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility. the project will be located in columbia county, wisconsin and once fully constructed, we and wps will collectively own 270 mws of solar generation of this project. if approved, we and wps's combined share of the cost of the project is estimated to be approximately $576 million, with construction expected to be
completed by the end of 2026. approval for battery capacity at this project was also requested, which is not included in the current capital plan. we will continue to evaluate the timing, cost, and feasibility of the installation of batteries.
•in december 2023, umerc filed a request with the mpsc to acquire and construct renegade, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility. the project will be located in delta county, michigan and once fully constructed umerc will own 100 mws of solar generation. the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately $226 million, with construction expected to be completed by the end of 2026.
in august 2023, the doc issued a ruling in its investigation into whether new tariffs should be imposed on solar panels and cells imported from multiple southeast asian countries. see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - regulatory, legislative, and legal matters - united states department of commerce complaint and factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - regulatory, legislative, and legal matters - uyghur forced labor prevention act for information on the potential impacts to our solar projects as a result of the doc ruling and cbp actions related to solar panels, respectively. the expected in-service dates and costs identified above already reflect some of these impacts.
the construction of additional lng facilities has been proposed as part of the 2024-2028 capital plan. the facilities would provide approximately four bcf of natural gas supply and are expected to reduce the likelihood of constraints on the natural gas systems during the highest demand days of winter. the total cost of the projects is estimated to be approximately $860 million.
during 2023, pgl continued work on the smp, a project to replace approximately 2,000 miles of chicago's aging natural gas pipeline infrastructure. in november 2023, the icc ordered pgl to pause spending on the smp until the icc has a proceeding to determine the optimal method of pipeline replacement and a prudent investment level. the icc initiated the proceeding on january 31, 2024, and the proceeding is expected to last twelve months. for more information, see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - regulatory, legislative, and legal matters - future illinois proceedings. on january 3, 2024, the icc granted pgl a limited-scope rehearing, which includes the authorized spending for the completion of smp projects that started in 2023 and the authorized spending for emergency repairs needed to ensure the safety and reliability of our delivery system. as a result, pgl has suspended neighborhood work pending the results of the limited hearing. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on the smp.
the non-utility energy infrastructure line item in the table above includes weci's previously announced investment in maple flats and the purchase in january 2024 of an additional 10% ownership interest in samson i. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information on these projects.
we expect to provide total capital contributions to atc (not included in the above table) of approximately $345 million from 2024 through 2026. we do not expect to make any contributions to atc holdco during that period. wec's portion of the cost for miso tranche 1 is estimated to be approximately $330 million between 2024 and 2028. tranche 1 is part of miso's long range transmission planning initiative to upgrade the grid so that it can reliably accommodate for the shift in generation to lower-carbon resources.
long-term debt a significant amount of cash is required to retire and pay interest on our long-term debt obligations. see note 14, long-term debt, for more information on our outstanding long-term debt, including a schedule of our long-term debt maturities over the next five years. the following table summarizes our required interest payments on long-term debt (excluding finance lease obligations) as of december 31, 2023:
common stock dividends on january 18, 2024, our board of directors increased our quarterly dividend to $0.835 per share effective with the first quarter of 2024 dividend payment, an increase of 7%. this equates to an annual dividend of $3.34 per share. in addition, the board of directors affirmed our dividend policy that continues to target a dividend payout ratio of 65-70% of earnings.
we have been paying consecutive quarterly dividends dating back to 1942 and expect to continue paying quarterly cash dividends in the future. any payment of future dividends is subject to approval by our board of directors and is dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements, and financial and other business conditions. in addition, our ability as a holding company to pay common stock dividends primarily depends on the availability of funds received from our subsidiaries. various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements impose certain restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances. we do not believe that these restrictions will materially affect our operations or limit any dividend payments in the foreseeable future. see note 11, common equity, for more information related to these restrictions and our other common stock matters.
other significant cash requirements our utility and non-utility operations have purchase obligations under various contracts for the procurement of fuel, power, and gas supply, as well as the related storage and transportation. these costs are a significant component of funding our ongoing operations. see note 24, commitments and contingencies, for more information, including our minimum future commitments related to these purchase obligations.
in addition to our energy-related purchase obligations, we have commitments for other costs incurred in the normal course of business, including costs related to information technology services, meter reading services, maintenance and other service agreements for certain generating facilities, and various engineering agreements. our estimated future cash requirements related to these purchase obligations, excluding energy-related obligations, are reflected below.
we have various finance and operating lease obligations. our finance lease obligations primarily relate to power purchase commitments and land leases for our solar projects. our operating lease obligations are for office space and land. see note 15, leases, for more information, including an analysis of our minimum lease payments due in future years.
we make contributions to our pension and opeb plans based upon various factors affecting us, including our liquidity position and tax law changes. see note 20, employee benefits, for our expected contributions in 2024 and our expected pension and opeb payments for the next 10 years. we expect the majority of these future pension and opeb payments to be paid from our outside trusts. see sources of cash-investments in outside trusts below for more information.
in addition to the above, our balance sheet at december 31, 2023 included various other liabilities that, due to the nature of the liabilities, the amount and timing of future payments cannot be determined with certainty. these liabilities include aros, liabilities for the remediation of manufactured gas plant sites, and liabilities related to the accounting treatment for uncertainty in income taxes. for additional information on these liabilities, see note 9, asset retirement obligations, note 24, commitments and contingencies, and note 16, income taxes, respectively.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk as a part of our normal course of business, including financial guarantees and letters of credit that support construction projects, commodity contracts, and other payment obligations. we believe that these agreements do not have, and are not reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. see note 13, short-term debt and lines of credit, note 19, guarantees, and note 23, variable interest entities, for more information.
sources of cash liquidity we anticipate meeting our short-term and long-term cash requirements to operate our businesses and implement our corporate strategy through internal generation of cash from operations and access to the capital markets, which allows us to obtain external short-term borrowings, including commercial paper and term loans, and intermediate or long-term debt securities, as well as other types of securities. in addition, in january 2024, we started issuing common equity through a combination of our employee benefit plans and stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plan. we also anticipate issuing common equity through an at-the-market program in the future. cash generated from operations is primarily driven by sales of electricity and natural gas to our utility customers, reduced by costs of operations. our access to the capital markets is critical to our overall strategic plan and allows us to supplement cash flows from operations with external borrowings to manage seasonal variations, working capital needs, commodity price fluctuations, unplanned expenses, and unanticipated events. subject to market conditions and other factors, we may repurchase our debt securities through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions and/or other types of transactions. in january and february, 2024, pursuant to a tender offer, we purchased $122.1 million aggregate principal amount of the $500.0 million outstanding of our 2007 junior notes.
wec energy group, we, wps, wg, and pgl maintain bank back-up credit facilities, which provide liquidity support for each company's obligations with respect to commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. we review our bank back-up credit facility needs on an ongoing basis and expect to be able to maintain adequate credit facilities to support our operations.
the amount, type, and timing of any financings in 2024, as well as in subsequent years, will be contingent on investment opportunities and our cash requirements and will depend upon prevailing market conditions, regulatory approvals for certain subsidiaries, and other factors. our regulated utilities plan to maintain capital structures consistent with those approved by their respective regulators. for more information on our utilities approved capital structures, see item 1. business - e. regulation.
the issuance of securities by our utility companies is subject to the approval of the applicable state commissions or ferc. additionally, with respect to the public offering of securities, we, we, and wps file registration statements with the sec under the securities act of 1933, as amended (1933 act). the amounts of securities authorized by the appropriate regulatory authorities, as well as the securities registered under the 1933 act, are closely monitored and appropriate filings are made to ensure flexibility in the capital markets.
at december 31, 2023, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by $2,319.1 million. we do not expect this to have an impact on our liquidity as we currently believe that our cash and cash equivalents, our available capacity under existing revolving credit facilities, cash generated from ongoing operations, and access to the capital markets are adequate to meet our short-term and long-term cash requirements.
see note 13, short-term debt and lines of credit, and note 14, long-term debt, for more information about our credit facilities and debt securities.
investments in outside trusts we maintain investments in outside trusts to fund the obligation to provide pension and certain opeb benefits to current and future retirees. as of december 31, 2023, these trusts had investments of approximately $3.5 billion, consisting of fixed income and equity securities, that are subject to the volatility of the stock market and interest rates. the performance of existing plan assets, long-term discount rates, changes in assumptions, and other factors could affect our future contributions to the plans, our financial position if our accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of the plan assets, and future results of operations related to changes in pension and opeb expense and the assumed rate of return. for additional information, see note 20, employee benefits.
capitalization structure the following table shows our capitalization structure as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, as well as an adjusted capitalization structure that we believe is consistent with how a majority of the rating agencies currently view our 2007 junior notes:
preferred stock of subsidiary                                      30.4                        30.4                        30.4                        30.4
total capitalization                                          $30,552.5                   $30,552.5                   $28,701.8                   $28,701.8
ratio of debt to total capitalization                              61.5    %                   60.7    %                   60.3    %                   59.4    %
included in long-term debt on our balance sheets as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, is $500.0 million principal amount of the 2007 junior notes. the adjusted presentation attributes $250.0 million of the 2007 junior notes to common shareholders' equity and $250.0 million to long-term debt. in january and february, 2024, pursuant to a tender offer, we purchased $122.1 million aggregate principal amount of the $500.0 million outstanding of our 2007 junior notes.
the adjusted presentation of our consolidated capitalization structure is included as a complement to our capitalization structure presented in accordance with gaap. management evaluates and manages our capitalization structure, including our total debt to total capitalization ratio, using the gaap calculation as adjusted to reflect the treatment of the 2007 junior notes by the majority of rating agencies. therefore, we believe the non-gaap adjusted presentation reflecting this treatment is useful and relevant to investors in understanding how management and the rating agencies evaluate our capitalization structure.
debt covenants certain of our short-term and long-term debt agreements contain financial covenants that we must satisfy, including debt to capitalization ratios and debt service coverage ratios. at december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all such covenants related to outstanding short-term and long-term debt. we expect to be in compliance with all such debt covenants for the foreseeable future. see note 13, short-term debt and lines of credit, note 14, long-term debt, and note 11, common equity, for more information.
credit rating risk cash collateral postings and prepayments made with external parties, including postings related to exchange-traded contracts, and cash collateral posted by external parties were immaterial as of december 31, 2023. from time to time, we may enter into commodity contracts that could require collateral or a termination payment in the event of a credit rating change to below bbb- at s&p global ratings, a division of s&p global inc., and/or baa3 at moody's investors service, inc. if we had a sub-investment grade credit rating at december 31, 2023, it could have been required to post $100 million of additional collateral or other assurances pursuant to the terms of a ppa. we also have other commodity contracts that, in the event of a credit rating downgrade, could result in a reduction of our unsecured credit granted by counterparties.
in addition, access to capital markets at a reasonable cost is determined in large part by credit quality. any credit ratings downgrade could impact our ability to access capital markets.
on may 2, 2023, s&p global inc. affirmed wec energy group's ratings and revised its outlook to negative from stable, citing weakening financial measures. s&p global inc. upgraded wec energy group's outlook back to stable on november 21, 2023, following their review of our updated five year capital and financing plan. the factors leading to the upgraded outlook included the maintenance of improving financial metrics and the expected reduction in our exposure to coal fired generation through the rest of the decade. the ratings outlooks on our utilities remain stable.
subject to other factors affecting the credit markets as a whole, we believe our current ratings should provide a significant degree of flexibility in obtaining funds on competitive terms. however, these security ratings reflect the views of the rating agency only. an explanation of the significance of these ratings may be obtained from the rating agency. such ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities. any rating can be revised upward or downward or withdrawn at any time by a rating agency.
factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources competitive markets electric utility industry the ferc supports large rtos, which directly impacts the structure of the wholesale electric market. due to the ferc's support of rtos, miso uses the miso energy markets to carry out its operations, including the use of lmps to value electric transmission congestion and losses. increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant and adverse financial impact on us.
wisconsin electric utility revenues in wisconsin are regulated by the pscw. the pscw continues to maintain the position that the question of whether to implement electric retail competition in wisconsin should ultimately be decided by the wisconsin legislature. no such legislation has been introduced in wisconsin to date. it is uncertain when, if at all, retail choice might be implemented in wisconsin.
michigan michigan has adopted a limited retail choice program. under michigan law, our retail customers may choose an alternative electric supplier to provide power supply service. as a result, some of our small retail customers have switched to an alternative electric supplier. at december 31, 2023, michigan law limited customer choice to 10% of an electric utility's michigan retail load. our iron ore mine customer, tilden, is exempt from this 10% cap based on current law, but tilden is required under a long-term agreement to purchase electric power from umerc through march 2039. in addition, certain load increases by facilities already using an alternative electric supplier can still be serviced by their alternative electric supplier, when various conditions exist, even if the cap has already been met. when a customer switches to an alternative electric supplier, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions for the customer.
natural gas utility industry we offer natural gas transportation services to our customers that elect to purchase natural gas directly from a third-party supplier. since these transportation customers continue to use our distribution systems to transport natural gas to their facilities, we earn distribution revenues from them. as such, the loss of revenue associated with the cost of natural gas that our transportation customers purchase from third-party suppliers has little impact on our net income, as it is substantially offset by an equal reduction to natural gas costs.
wisconsin our wisconsin utilities offer both natural gas transportation service and interruptible natural gas sales to enable customers to better manage their energy costs. customers continue to switch between firm system supply, interruptible system supply, and transportation service each year as the economics and service options change.
due to the pscw's previous proceedings on natural gas industry regulation in a competitive environment, the pscw currently provides all wisconsin customer classes with competitive markets the option to choose a third-party natural gas supplier. all of our wisconsin non-residential customer classes have competitive market choices and, therefore, can purchase natural gas directly from either a third-party supplier or their local natural gas utility. since third-party suppliers can be used in wisconsin, the pscw has also adopted standards for transactions between a utility and its natural gas marketing affiliates.
we are currently unable to predict the impact, if any, of potential future industry restructuring on our results of operations or financial position.
illinois absent extraordinary circumstances, potential competitors are not allowed to construct competing natural gas distribution systems in the service territories for pgl and nsg. a charter from the state of illinois gives pgl the right to provide natural gas distribution service in the city of chicago as a public utility. further, the "first in the field" and public interest standards limit the ability of potential competitors to operate in an existing utility service territory. in addition, we believe it would be impractical to construct competing duplicate distribution facilities due to the high cost of installation.
since 2002, pgl and nsg have, under icc-approved tariffs, provided their customers with the option to choose a third-party natural gas supplier. there are no state laws requiring pgl and nsg to make this choice option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to our illinois customers under tariff, icc approval would be needed to withdraw those tariffs.
an interstate pipeline may seek to provide transportation service directly to our illinois end users, which would bypass our natural gas transportation service. however, pgl and nsg have anti-bypass tariffs approved by the icc, which allow them to negotiate rates with customers that are potential bypass candidates to help ensure that such customers continue to use utility transportation service.
minnesota natural gas utilities in the state of minnesota do not have exclusive franchise service territories and, as a matter of law and policy, natural gas utilities may compete for new customers. however, natural gas utilities have customarily avoided competing for existing customers of other utilities, as there would be duplicative utility facilities and/or increased costs to customers. if this approach were to change, it could lead to a greater level of competition amongst utilities to obtain customers and potentially adversely impact our results of operations.
merc offers both natural gas transportation service and interruptible natural gas sales to enable customers to better manage their energy costs. customers continue to switch between firm system supply, interruptible system supply, and transportation service each year as the economics and service options change. merc has provided its commercial and industrial customers with the option to choose a third-party natural gas supplier since 2006. we are not required by the mpuc or state law to make this choice option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to our minnesota commercial and industrial customers, we would need mpuc approval to eliminate it.
michigan the option to choose a third-party natural gas supplier has been provided to umerc's natural gas customers (formerly wps's michigan natural gas customers) since the late 1990s and mgu's customers since 2005. we are not required by the mpsc or state law to make this choice option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to our michigan customers, we would need mpsc approval to eliminate it.
regulatory, legislative, and legal matters regulatory recovery our utilities account for their regulated operations in accordance with accounting guidance under the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc. our rates are determined by various regulatory commissions. see item 1. business - e. regulation for more information on these commissions.
regulated entities are allowed to defer certain costs that would otherwise be charged to expense if the regulated entity believes the recovery of those costs is probable. we record regulatory assets pursuant to generic and/or specific orders issued by our regulators. recovery of the deferred costs in future rates is subject to the review and approval by those regulators. we assume the risks and benefits of ultimate recovery of these items in future rates. if the recovery of the deferred costs, including those referenced below, is not approved by our regulators, the costs would be charged to income in the current period. regulators can impose liabilities on a prospective basis for amounts previously collected from customers and for amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers. we record these items as regulatory liabilities. see note 6, regulatory assets and liabilities, for more information on our regulatory assets and liabilities.
the rates of pgl and nsg include a uea rider for cost recovery or refund of uncollectible expense based on the difference between actual uncollectible write-offs and the amounts recovered in rates. the uea rider is subject to an annual reconciliation whereby costs are reviewed for accuracy and prudency by the icc. in may 2023, the icc issued a written order on pgl's and nsg's 2018 uea rider reconciliation. the order requires a $15.4 million and $0.7 million refund to ratepayers at pgl and nsg, respectively. these amounts are being refunded over a period of nine months, which began on september 1, 2023. in june 2023, the icc denied pgl's and nsg's application requesting a rehearing of the icc's may 2023 order. in july 2023, pgl and nsg petitioned the illinois appellate court for review of the icc orders. their appeal is still pending.
in january 2014, the icc approved pgl's use of the qip rider as a recovery mechanism for costs incurred related to investments in qip. this rider, which was in effect until december 1, 2023, continues to be subject to an annual reconciliation whereby costs are reviewed for accuracy and prudency. in march 2023, pgl filed its 2022 reconciliation with the icc, which, along with the reconciliations from 2016 through 2021, are still pending. in addition, costs incurred during 2023 under the qip rider are also still subject to reconciliation and review. annual costs included in pgl's qip rider have ranged from $192 million to $348 million. as of december 31, 2023, there can be no assurance that all costs incurred under the qip rider during the open reconciliation years, which include 2016 through 2023, will be deemed recoverable by the icc. disallowances by the icc, if any, could be material and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information regarding recent and pending rate proceedings, orders, and investigations involving our utilities.
future illinois proceedings in the pgl rate order issued by the icc in november 2023, the icc ordered pgl to pause spending on its smp until the icc completes a proceeding to determine the optimal method for replacing aging natural gas infrastructure and a prudent investment level. the icc initiated the proceeding on january 31, 2024, and the proceeding is expected to last 12 months.
in addition, the icc ordered staff to develop a plan for a "future of gas" proceeding. the goal of this proceeding will be to explore the issues involved with decarbonization of the gas distribution system in illinois and recommend any future icc action or legislative changes needed. it will include the formal exploration and consideration of the role of natural gas in the future, including in the context of the state's environmental and energy policy goals. the proceeding will include a broad range of stakeholders, including illinois utilities and other interested parties. once initiated, the "future of gas" proceeding is expected to last at least one year.
at this time, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these proceedings or the resulting impact to our natural gas operations in illinois. future natural gas investment opportunities in illinois could be negatively impacted depending upon the outcomes. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information regarding the november 2023 icc rate order.
chicago decarbonization efforts the cabo was introduced at a meeting of the chicago city council held on january 24, 2024. if approved, this ordinance would set an indoor emissions standard that would require zero-to-low-emission energy systems in newly built commercial and residential buildings and major building additions in the city of chicago. the proposed emission standards would effectively prohibit the use of natural gas in new buildings and homes and require electric heat and appliances. the cabo would not impact existing homes and businesses. in addition, certain buildings and equipment, such as hospitals, commercial kitchens, and back-up generators, would be exempt from the new emission limits.
in response to the cabo, a resolution was also introduced that would require the formation of a working group comprised of various subject matter experts to analyze the costs of converting buildings from natural gas to electricity, the costs for additional electric generation capacity needed for future building conversions, and the impact of shifting natural gas system costs from new construction to existing buildings if electrification measures are adopted. if the resolution is passed, this analysis would need to be completed prior to the adoption of any decarbonization initiatives, such as the cabo.
if approved by the city council, the cabo is expected to become effective one year after the approval date. pgl's future natural gas operations could be materially adversely impacted if the cabo is passed.
petitions before pscw regarding third-party financed distributed energy resources in may 2022, two petitions were filed with the pscw requesting a declaratory ruling that the owner of a third-party financed der is not a "public utility" as defined under wisconsin law and, therefore, is not subject to the pscw's jurisdiction under any statute or rule regulating public utilities. the parties that filed the petitions provide financing to their customers for installation of ders (including solar panels and energy storage) on the customer's property. a der is connected to the host customer's utility meter and is used for the customer's energy needs. it may also be connected to the grid for distribution.
in july 2022, the pscw found that the specific facts and circumstances merited the opening of a docket for each petition to consider whether to grant all or part of the requested declaratory ruling.
in december 2022, the pscw granted one petitioner's request for a declaratory ruling, finding that the owner of the third-party financed der at issue in the petitioner's brief is not a public utility under wisconsin law. the ruling was limited to the specific facts and circumstances of the lease presented in that petition. a petition by the wua to reopen or rehear the case expired without action by the pscw. the wua has filed an appeal which is pending consideration by the circuit court. the second petition was denied. although the finding in the first petition was limited to the specific facts and circumstances of the lease presented in that petition, similar findings or a broader policy position could adversely impact our business operations.
climate and equitable jobs act on september 15, 2021, the state of illinois signed into law the climate and equitable jobs act. this legislation includes, among other things, a path for illinois to move towards 100% clean energy, expanded commitments to energy efficiency and renewable energy, additional consumer protections, and expanded ethics reform. the provisions in this legislation that had the potential to have the most significant financial impact on pgl and nsg related to the new consumer protection requirements.
effective september 15, 2021, the new legislation prohibits utilities from charging customers a fee when they elect to pay for service with a credit card. utilities are now required to incur these expenses and seek recovery through a rate proceeding or by establishing a recovery mechanism. in december 2021, the icc approved the use of a tptfa rider for pgl. the tptfa rider allowed pgl to recover the costs incurred for these third-party transaction fees prior to them being included in pgl's base rates. effective december 1, 2023, pgl began recovering these costs through its base rates. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on the tptfa rider. nsg has been recovering costs related to these third-party transaction fees through its base rates since september 15, 2021.
in accordance with the new legislation, effective january 1, 2023, natural gas utilities are no longer allowed to charge late payment fees to certain low-income residential customers. as a result of the icc's november 2023 rate orders, we do not expect this legislation to have a significant impact on our results of operations.
uyghur forced labor prevention act the cbp issued a wro in june 2021, applicable to certain silica-based products originating from the xinjiang uyghur autonomous region of china (xinjiang), such as polysilicon, included in the manufacturing of solar panels. in june 2022, the wro was superseded by the implementation of the uflpa. the uflpa establishes a rebuttable presumption that any imports wholly or partially manufactured in xinjiang are prohibited from entering the united states. while our suppliers were able to provide the cbp sufficient documentation to meet wro compliance requirements, and we expect the same will be true for uflpa purposes, we cannot currently predict what, if any, long-term impact the uflpa will have on the overall supply of solar panels into the united states and whether we will experience any further impacts to the timing and cost of solar projects included in our long-term capital plan.
united states department of commerce complaints in february 2022, a california based company filed a petition (antidumping and countervailing duties) with the doc seeking to impose new tariffs on solar panels and cells imported from multiple countries, including malaysia, vietnam, thailand, and cambodia. the petitioners claimed that chinese solar manufacturers are shifting products to these countries to avoid the tariffs required on products imported from china and requested that the doc conduct a country-wide inquiry into each of the four countries. after investigation, in december 2022, the doc announced its preliminary determination that certain companies are circumventing anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders on solar cells and modules from china.
in august 2023, the doc issued its final decision, substantially affirming its preliminary determination that circumvention was occurring in each of the four southeast asian countries noted above. in its decision, the doc affirmed that the biden administration's current 24-month tariff moratorium will remain in effect until june 6, 2024, subject to certain use and installation requirements, at which time tariffs are expected to resume. in december 2023, two u.s. solar manufacturers filed a challenge to this moratorium in the united states court of international trade.
the biden administration also invoked the defense production act to accelerate the production of solar panels in the u.s.; however, the doc's ruling may have an adverse impact on the solar industry overall. additionally, the biden administration's actions did not address whether wros applied to panels under previous complaints would be affected. at this time, we do not expect this final ruling to have a material impact on our results of operations.
infrastructure investment and jobs act in november 2021, president biden signed into law the infrastructure investment and jobs act, which provides for approximately $1.2 trillion of federal spending over a five year period, including approximately $85 billion for investments in power, utilities, and renewables infrastructure across the united states. we expect funding from this act will support the work we are doing to reduce ghg emissions, increase ev charging, and strengthen and protect the energy grid. funding in the act should also help to expand emerging technologies, like hydrogen and carbon management, as we continue the transition to a clean energy future. we believe the infrastructure investment and jobs act will accelerate investment in projects that will help us meet our net zero emission goals to the benefit of our customers, the communities we serve, and our company.
inflation reduction act in august 2022, president biden signed into law the ira, which provides for $258 billion in energy-related provisions over a 10-year period. the provisions of the ira are intended to, among other things, lower gasoline and electricity prices, incentivize domestic clean energy investment, manufacturing, and production, and promote reductions in carbon emissions. we believe that we and our customers can benefit from the ira's provisions that extend tax benefits for renewable technologies, increase or restore higher rates for ptcs, add an option to claim ptcs for solar projects, expand qualified itc facilities to include standalone energy storage, and its provision to allow companies to transfer tax credits generated from renewable projects. under this new ira transferability option, we entered into a sales agreement in september 2023 to sell substantially all of our 2023 ptcs to a third party. see note 1(q), income taxes, for more information about the impact of these sales. the ira also implements a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases. although significant regulatory guidance is expected on the tax provisions in the ira, we currently believe the provisions on alternative minimum tax and stock repurchases will not have a material impact on us. overall, we believe the ira will help reduce our cost of investing in projects that will support our commitment to reduce emissions and provide customers affordable, reliable, and clean energy over the longer term.
return on equity incentive for membership in a transmission organization the ferc currently allows transmission utilities, including atc, to increase their roe by 50 basis points as an incentive for membership in a transmission organization, such as miso. this incentive was established to stimulate infrastructure development and to support the evolving electric grid. however, a notice of proposed rulemaking was issued by the ferc on april 15, 2021, proposing to limit the 50 basis point increase in roe to only be available to transmission utilities initially joining a transmission organization for the first three years of membership. if this proposal becomes a final rule, atc would be required to submit, within 30 days of the final rule's effective date, a compliance filing eliminating the 50 basis point incentive from its tariff. as a result, we estimate that this proposal, if adopted, would reduce our future after-tax equity earnings from atc by approximately $7 million annually on a prospective basis. the transmission costs we, wps, and umerc are required to pay atc after the effective date would also be reduced by this proposal.
the base roes listed in the two roe complaint sections below do not include the 50 basis point roe incentive currently provided for membership in a transmission organization. see the return on equity incentive for membership in a transmission organization section above for more information on this incentive.
first return on equity complaint in november 2013, a group of miso industrial customers filed a complaint with the ferc asking that the ferc order a reduction to the base roe used by miso transmission owners, including atc, from 12.2% to 9.15%. due to this complaint, the ferc and the d.c. circuit court of appeals issued the following orders and opinion. the refunds resulting from these orders and opinion are also described below.
◦november 2019 order - on november 21, 2019, the ferc issued another order after directing miso transmission owners and other stakeholders to provide briefs and comments on a proposed change to the methodology for calculating base roe. in this order, the ferc expanded its base roe methodology to include the capital-asset pricing model in addition to the discounted cash flow model to better reflect how investors make their investment decisions. the ferc also rejected the use of the risk premium model as part of its base roe methodology in this order. the ferc's modified methodology further reduced the base roe for all miso transmission owners, including atc, to 9.88% for the period covered by the first complaint. in response to this ferc decision, requests for the ferc to rehear the november 2019 order in its entirety were filed by various parties.
◦may 2020 order - on may 21, 2020, the ferc issued an order that granted in part and denied in part the requests to rehear the november 2019 order. in this may 2020 order, the ferc made additional revisions to its base roe methodology, including reinstating the use of the risk premium model. the additional revisions made by the ferc increased the base roe for all miso transmission owners, including atc, from the 9.88% authorized in the november 2019 order to 10.02% for the period covered by the first complaint. various parties then filed requests to rehear certain parts of the may 2020 order with the ferc.
◦november 2020 order - in response to the rehearing requests filed concerning certain parts of the may 2020 order, the ferc issued an order in november 2020 that confirmed the roe previously authorized in its may 2020 order.
◦refunds - due to the base roe changes resulting from these ferc orders, atc was required to provide refunds, with interest, for the 15-month refund period from november 12, 2013 through february 11, 2015 and for the period from september 28, 2016 through november 19, 2020. in january 2022, atc completed providing we, wps, and umerc with the net refunds related to the transmission costs they paid during the period covered by the first complaint. the refunds were applied to we's and wps's pscw-approved escrow accounting for transmission expense.
•opinion issued by the d.c. circuit court of appeals
◦august 2022 decision - since several petitions for review were filed with the d.c. circuit court of appeals concerning this roe complaint, the d.c. circuit court of appeals issued an opinion on august 9, 2022, addressing these petitions. in its august 2022 decision, the d.c. circuit court of appeals ruled the ferc failed to adequately explain why it reinstated the use of the risk premium model as part of its roe methodology in its may 2020 order after previously rejecting the model in its november 2019 order. due to this ruling, the d.c. circuit court of appeals vacated the ferc's previous orders and remanded the issue of determining an appropriate base roe for miso transmission owners back to the ferc for additional proceedings. as of december 31, 2023, the ferc had not provided a ruling in response to the august 2022 decision issued by the d.c. circuit court of appeals.
◦refunds - since the ferc is required to conduct more proceedings, additional refunds could still be required for the 15-month period from november 12, 2013 through february 11, 2015 and for the period from september 28, 2016 until the date of any future order. therefore, atc recorded a liability on its financials for these potential refunds, which reduced our equity earnings from atc by $18.6 million during the third quarter of 2022. the liability recorded by atc is based on a 9.88% base
roe for the first complaint period. if it is ultimately determined a refund is required for the first complaint period, we would not expect any such refund to have a material impact on our financial statements or results of operations in the future. in addition, we, wps, and umerc would be entitled to receive a portion of the refund from atc for the benefit of their customers.
second return on equity complaint in february 2015, a second complaint was filed with the ferc requesting a reduction in the base roe used by miso transmission owners, including atc, to 8.67%, with a refund effective date retroactive to february 12, 2015. to resolve this complaint, the following orders and opinion were issued by the ferc and the d.c. circuit court of appeals. the orders and opinion discussed below are the same orders and opinion described above in the first complaint section.
◦november 2019 order - similar to the first complaint, the november 2019 order stated the newly calculated base roe of 9.88% was also reasonable for the period covered by the second complaint, february 12, 2015 through may 10, 2016. however, in the november 2019 order, the ferc relied on certain provisions of the federal power act to dismiss the second complaint and to determine refunds were not allowed for this period.
◦may 2020 order - in its may 2020 order, the ferc stated the newly calculated base roe of 10.02% was also reasonable for the period covered by the second complaint. however, the ferc relied on the same provisions of the federal power act to again dismiss the complaint and to determine refunds were not allowed for this period. in addition, the ferc denied in its may 2020 order the requests to rehear both the dismissal of the second complaint and the determination that no refunds are allowed for the second complaint period.
•opinion issued by the d.c. circuit court of appeals
◦august 2022 decision - the august 2022 decision issued by the d.c. circuit court of appeals affirmed both the ferc's dismissal of the second complaint and the ferc's finding that no refunds are allowed for the second complaint period. therefore, during the third quarter of 2022, we reduced the liability previously recorded for the potential refunds related to the second complaint period by $39.1 million, which increased our equity earnings from atc.
environmental matters see note 24, commitments and contingencies, for a discussion of certain environmental matters affecting us, including rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, and land quality.
market risks and other significant risks we are exposed to market and other significant risks as a result of the nature of our businesses and the environments in which those businesses operate. these risks, described in further detail below, include but are not limited to:
commodity costs in the normal course of providing energy, we are subject to market fluctuations in the costs of coal, natural gas, purchased power, and fuel oil used in the delivery of coal. we manage our fuel and natural gas supply costs through a portfolio of short and long-term procurement contracts with various suppliers for the purchase of coal, natural gas, and fuel oil. in addition, we manage the risk of price volatility through natural gas and electric hedging programs.
embedded within our utilities' rates are amounts to recover fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs. our utilities have recovery mechanisms in place that generally allow them to recover or refund all or a portion of the changes in prudently incurred fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs from rate case-approved amounts. see item 1. business - e. regulation for more information on these mechanisms.
higher commodity costs can increase our working capital requirements, result in higher gross receipts taxes, and lead to increased energy efficiency investments by our customers to reduce utility usage and/or fuel substitution. higher commodity costs combined
with slower economic conditions also expose us to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs as more customers are unable to pay their bills. see note 5, credit losses, for more information on riders and other mechanisms that allow for cost recovery or refund of uncollectible expense.
weather our utilities' rates are based upon estimated normal temperatures. our electric utility margins are unfavorably sensitive to below normal temperatures during the summer cooling season and, to some extent, to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. our natural gas utility margins are unfavorably sensitive to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. pgl, nsg, and merc have decoupling mechanisms in place that help reduce the impacts of weather. decoupling mechanisms differ by state and allow utilities to recover or refund certain differences between actual and authorized margins. a summary of actual weather information in our utilities' service territories during 2023 and 2022, as measured by degree days, can be found in results of operations.
interest rates we are exposed to interest rate risk resulting from our short-term and long-term borrowings and projected near-term debt financing needs. we manage exposure to interest rate risk by limiting the amount of our variable rate obligations and continually monitoring the effects of market changes on interest rates. when it is advantageous to do so, we enter into long-term fixed rate debt. we may also enter into derivative financial instruments, such as swaps, to mitigate interest rate exposure.
based on the variable rate debt outstanding at december 31, 2023 and 2022, a hypothetical increase in market interest rates of one percentage point would have increased annual interest expense by $25.2 million and $21.4 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. this sensitivity analysis was performed assuming a constant level of variable rate debt during the period and an immediate increase in interest rates, with no other changes for the remainder of the period.
marketable securities return we use various trusts to fund our pension and opeb obligations. these trusts invest in debt and equity securities. changes in the market prices of these assets can affect future pension and opeb expenses. additionally, future contributions can also be affected by the investment returns on trust fund assets. the financial risks associated with investment returns are mitigated at our wisconsin utilities through the requirement that we, wps, and wg implement escrow accounting treatment for pension and opeb costs in 2023 and 2024, as required by the december 2022 rate order issued by the pscw. we also believe that the financial risks associated with investment returns would be partially mitigated at our other utilities through future rate actions by regulators. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on 2023 and 2024 rates at our wisconsin utilities.
the fair value of our trust fund assets and expected long-term returns were approximately:
(in millions)                  as of december 31, 2023                  expected return on assets in 2024
pension trust funds                 $2,665.8                                           6.62             %
opeb trust funds                      $829.6                                           6.50             %
fiduciary oversight of the pension and opeb trust fund investments is the responsibility of an investment trust policy committee. the committee works with external actuaries and investment consultants on an ongoing basis to establish and monitor investment strategies and target asset allocations. forecasted cash flows for plan liabilities are regularly updated based on annual valuation results. target asset allocations are determined utilizing projected benefit payment cash flows and risk analyses of appropriate investments. the targeted asset allocations are intended to reduce risk, provide long-term financial stability for the plans, and maintain funded levels which meet long-term plan obligations while preserving sufficient liquidity for near-term benefit payments. investment strategies utilize a wide diversification of asset types and qualified external investment managers.
we consult with our investment advisors on an annual basis to help us forecast expected long-term returns on plan assets by reviewing actual historical returns and calculating expected total trust returns using the weighted-average of long-term market returns for each of the major target asset categories utilized in the funds.
economic conditions we have electric and natural gas utility operations that serve customers in wisconsin, illinois, minnesota, and michigan. as such, we are exposed to market risks in the regional midwest economy. in addition, any economic downturn or disruption of national or international markets could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products, which could affect their demand for our products.
inflation and supply chain disruptions we continue to monitor the impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions. we monitor the costs of medical plans, fuel, transmission access, construction costs, regulatory and environmental compliance costs, and other costs in order to minimize inflationary effects in future years, to the extent possible, through pricing strategies, productivity improvements, and cost reductions. we monitor the global supply chain, and related disruptions, in order to ensure we are able to procure the necessary materials and other resources necessary to both maintain our energy services in a safe and reliable manner and to grow our infrastructure in accordance with our capital plan. for additional information concerning risks related to inflation and supply chain disruptions, see the four risk factors below.
•item 1a. risk factors - risks related to the operation of our business - public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, could adversely affect our business functions, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
•item 1a. risk factors - risks related to the operation of our business - our operations and corporate strategy may be adversely affected by supply chain disruptions and inflation.
•item 1a. risk factors - risks related to the operation of our business - we are actively involved with multiple significant capital projects, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect project costs and completion of construction projects.
•item 1a. risk factors - risks related to economic and market volatility - fluctuating commodity prices could negatively impact our operations.
for additional information concerning other risk factors, including market risks, see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information at the beginning of this report and item 1a. risk factors.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in compliance with gaap requires the application of accounting policies, as well as the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments that could have a material impact on our financial statements and related disclosures. judgments regarding future events may include the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and anticipated recovery of costs. actual results may differ significantly from estimated amounts based on varying assumptions.
our significant accounting policies are described in note 1, summary of significant accounting policies. the following is a list of accounting policies and estimates that require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments and may change in subsequent periods.
regulatory accounting our utility operations follow the guidance under the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc (topic 980). our financial statements reflect the effects of the ratemaking principles followed by the various jurisdictions regulating us. certain items that would otherwise be immediately recognized as revenues and expenses are deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators.
future recovery of regulatory assets, including the timeliness of recovery and our ability to earn a reasonable return, is not assured and is generally subject to review by regulators in rate proceedings for matters such as prudence and reasonableness. once approved, the regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into earnings over the rate recovery or refund period. if recovery or refund of costs is not approved or is no longer considered probable, these regulatory assets or liabilities are recognized in current period earnings. management regularly assesses whether these regulatory assets and liabilities are probable of future recovery or
refund by considering factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, earnings from our electric and natural gas utility operations, rate orders issued by our regulators, historical decisions by our regulators regarding regulatory assets and liabilities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation.
the application of the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc would be discontinued if all or a separable portion of our utility operations no longer met the criteria for application. our regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off to income as an unusual or infrequently occurring item in the period in which discontinuation occurred. see note 6, regulatory assets and liabilities, for more information on our regulatory assets and liabilities.
goodwill we completed our annual goodwill impairment tests for all of our reporting units that carried a goodwill balance as of july 1, 2023. no impairments were recorded as a result of these tests. for all of our reporting units, the fair values calculated in step one of the test were greater than their carrying values. the fair values for the reporting units were calculated using a combination of the income approach and the market approach.
for the income approach, we used internal forecasts to project cash flows. any forecast contains a degree of uncertainty, and changes in these cash flows could significantly increase or decrease the calculated fair value of a reporting unit. for our reporting units that are regulated, a fair recovery of and return on costs prudently incurred to serve customers is assumed. an unfavorable outcome in a rate case could cause the fair values of our reporting units to decrease.
key assumptions used in the income approach include roes, the long-term growth rates used to determine terminal values at the end of the discrete forecast period, and the discount rates. the discount rate is applied to estimated future cash flows and is one of the most significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the income approach. as interest rates rise, the calculated fair values will decrease. the discount rate is based on the weighted-average cost of capital for each reporting unit, taking into account both the after-tax cost of debt and cost of equity. the terminal year roe for each utility is driven by its current allowed roe. the terminal growth rate is based primarily on a combination of historical and forecasted statistics for real gross domestic product and personal income for each utility service area.
for the market approach, we used a higher weighting for the guideline public company method than the guideline merged and acquired company method due to a low number of mergers and acquisitions in recent years. the guideline public company method uses financial metrics from similar publicly traded companies to determine fair value. the guideline merged and acquired company method calculates fair value by analyzing the actual prices paid for recent mergers and acquisitions in the industry. we applied multiples derived from these two methods to the appropriate operating metrics for our reporting units to determine fair value.
the underlying assumptions and estimates used in the impairment tests were made as of a point in time. subsequent changes in these assumptions and estimates could change the results of the tests.
for all of our reporting units that carried a goodwill balance at july 1, 2023, the fair value exceeded its carrying value by over 50%. based on these results, our reporting units are not at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test.
see note 10, goodwill and intangibles, for more information.
long-lived assets in accordance with asc 980-360, regulated operations - property, plant, and equipment, we periodically assess the recoverability of certain long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of those long-lived assets may not be recoverable. examples of events or changes in circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in the market price, a significant change in use, a regulatory decision related to recovery of assets from customers, adverse legal factors or a change in business climate, operating or cash flow losses, or an expectation that the asset might be sold or abandoned. see note 1(k), asset impairment, for our policy on accounting for abandonments and recently completed plant subject to disallowance.
performing an impairment evaluation involves a significant degree of estimation and judgment by management in areas such as identifying circumstances that indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted future cash flows. an impairment loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset in comparison to the fair value of the asset. the fair value of the asset is assessed using various methods, including recent comparable third-party
sales for our nonregulated operations, internally developed discounted cash flow analysis, expected recovery of regulated assets, and analysis from outside advisors.
see note 7, property, plant, and equipment, for more information on our generating units probable of being retired. see note 6, regulatory assets and liabilities, and note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on our retired generating units, including various approvals we received from the ferc and the pscw.
pension and other postretirement employee benefits the costs of providing non-contributory defined pension benefits and opeb, described in note 20, employee benefits, are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience.
pension and opeb costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age, compensation levels, and employment periods), the level of contributions made to the plans, and earnings on plan assets. pension and opeb costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets, mortality and discount rates, and expected health care cost trends. changes made to the plan provisions may also impact current and future pension and opeb costs.
pension and opeb plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. fluctuations in actual equity and fixed income market returns, as well as changes in general interest rates, may result in increased or decreased benefit costs in future periods. changes in benefit costs are mitigated at our wisconsin utilities through the requirement that we, wps, and wg implement escrow accounting treatment for pension and opeb costs in 2023 and 2024, as required by the december 2022 rate orders issued by the pscw. see note 26, regulatory environment, for more information on 2023 and 2024 rates at our wisconsin utilities. we believe that changes to benefit costs at our other utilities would be recovered or refunded through the ratemaking process.
the following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the projected benefit obligation and the reported net periodic pension cost (including amounts capitalized to our balance sheets). each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only.
actuarial assumption(in millions, except percentages)                     percentage-point change in assumption       impact on projected benefit obligation                impact on 2023pension cost discount rate                                                                                             (0.5)                        $114.7                                          $5.3
rate of return on plan assets                                                                             (0.5)                                          n/a   14.1
rate of return on plan assets                                                                               0.5                                          n/a                         (14.1)
the following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the accumulated opeb obligation and the reported net periodic opeb cost (including amounts capitalized to our balance sheets). each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only.
actuarial assumption(in millions, except percentages)                     percentage-point change in assumption                  impact on postretirement                impact on 2023 postretirementbenefit cost benefit obligation discount rate                                                                                             (0.5)                          $22.5                                                $2.2
health care cost trend rate                                                                               (0.5)                         (12.4)                                               (2.6)
health care cost trend rate                                                                                 0.5                           13.9                                                 2.9
rate of return on plan assets                                                                             (0.5)                                       n/a                                      4.1
rate of return on plan assets                                                                               0.5                                       n/a                                    (4.1)
the discount rates are selected based on hypothetical bond portfolios consisting of noncallable, high-quality corporate bonds across the full maturity spectrum. from the hypothetical bond portfolios, a single rate is determined that equates the market value of the bonds purchased to the discounted value of the plans' expected future benefit payments.
we establish our expected return on assets based on consideration of historical and projected asset class returns, as well as the target allocations of the benefit trust portfolios. the assumed long-term rate of return on pension plan assets was 6.62% in 2023 and
6.88% in 2022 and 2021. the actual rate of return on pension plan assets, net of fees, was 9.23%, (14.03)%, and 9.51%, in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
in selecting assumed health care cost trend rates, past performance and forecasts of health care costs are considered. for more information on health care cost trend rates and a table showing future payments that we expect to make for our pension and opeb, see note 20, employee benefits.
unbilled revenues we record utility operating revenues when energy is delivered to our customers. however, the determination of energy sales to individual customers is based upon the reading of their meters, which occurs on a systematic basis throughout the month. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of their last meter reading are estimated and corresponding unbilled revenues are calculated.
unbilled revenues are estimated each month based upon actual generation and throughput volumes, recorded sales, estimated customer usage by class, weather factors, estimated line losses, and applicable customer rates. energy demand for the unbilled period or changes in rate mix due to fluctuations in usage patterns of customer classes could impact the accuracy of the unbilled revenue estimate. total unbilled utility revenues were $473.9 million and $663.1 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the changes in unbilled revenues are primarily due to changes in the cost of natural gas, weather, and customer rates.
income tax expense significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. the assumptions involved are supported by historical data, reasonable projections, and interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations across multiple taxing jurisdictions. significant changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. see note 1(q), income taxes, and note 16, income taxes, for a discussion of accounting for income taxes.
we are required to estimate income taxes for each of our applicable tax jurisdictions as part of the process of preparing consolidated financial statements. this process involves estimating current income tax liabilities together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation, for income tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our balance sheets. we also assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets will be recovered through future taxable income. to the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance, which is offset by an adjustment to income tax expense in our income statements.
uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations, the outcomes of tax audits and appeals, changes in income tax law, enacted tax rates or amounts subject to income tax, and changes in the regulatory treatment of any tax reform benefits requires that judgments and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of effective tax rates. only income tax benefits that meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold may be recognized or continue to be recognized. unrecognized tax benefits are re-evaluated quarterly and changes are recorded based on new information, including the issuance of relevant guidance by the courts or tax authorities and developments occurring in the examinations of our tax returns.