item 1a - risk factors xcel energy is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows are described below. although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. these risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and future reports that we file with the sec.
while we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future.
oversight of risk and related processes the board of directors is responsible for the oversight of material risk and maintaining an effective risk monitoring process. management and the board of directors' committees have responsibility for overseeing the identification and mitigation of key risks and reporting its assessments and activities to the full board of directors.
xcel energy maintains a robust compliance program and promotes a culture of compliance beginning with the tone at the top. the risk mitigation process includes adherence to our code of conduct and compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and overall business management. xcel energy further mitigates inherent risks through formal risk committees and corporate functions such as internal audit, and internal controls over financial reporting and legal.
management identifies and analyzes risks to determine materiality and other attributes such as timing, probability and controllability. identification and risk analysis occurs formally through risk assessment conducted by senior management, the financial disclosure process, hazard risk procedures, internal audit and compliance with financial and operational controls.
management also identifies and analyzes risk through the business planning process, development of goals and establishment of key performance indicators, including identification of barriers to implementing xcel energy's strategy. the business planning process also identifies likelihood and mitigating factors to prevent the assumption of inappropriate risk to meet goals.
management communicates regularly with the board of directors and key stakeholders regarding risk. senior management presents and communicates a periodic risk assessment to the board of directors, providing information on the risks that management believes are material, including financial impact, timing, likelihood and mitigating factors. the board of directors regularly reviews management's key risk assessments, which includes areas of existing and future macroeconomic, financial, operational, policy, environmental, safety and security risks.
the oversight, management and mitigation of risk is an integral and continuous part of the board of directors' governance of xcel energy. the board of directors assigns oversight of critical risks to each of its four committees to confirm these risks are well understood and given appropriate focus.
the audit committee is responsible for reviewing the adequacy of the committees' risk oversight and affirming appropriate aggregate oversight occurs. committees regularly report on their oversight activities and certain risk issues may be brought to the full board of directors for consideration when deemed appropriate.
emerging risks are considered and assigned as appropriate during the annual board of directors and committee evaluation process, resulting in updates to the committee charters and annual work plans. additionally, the board of directors conducts an annual strategy session where xcel energy's future plans and initiatives are reviewed.
risks associated with our business operational risks our natural gas and electric generation/transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
our natural gas transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions, outages and mechanical problems. our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks such as contact, fire and outages.
these risks could result in loss of life, significant property damage, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial financial losses to employees, third-party contractors, customers or the public. we maintain insurance against most, but not all, of these risks and losses.
the occurrence of these events, if not fully covered by insurance, could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as well as potential loss of reputation.
other uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining xcel energy's facilities include, but are not limited to:
•risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned.
•failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other supplies.
•impact of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, tornadoes, avalanches, icing events, floods, high winds and droughts.
•performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency.
•availability of replacement equipment.
•availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements.
•availability or changes to wind patterns.
•use of new or unproven technology.
•risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation and lack of available alternative fuel sources.
•increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes.
additionally, compliance with existing and potential new regulations related to the operation and maintenance of our natural gas infrastructure could result in significant costs. the phmsa is responsible for administering the dot's national regulatory program to assure the safe transportation of natural gas, petroleum and other hazardous materials by pipelines. the phmsa continues to develop regulations and other approaches to risk management to assure safety in design, construction, testing, operation, maintenance and emergency response of natural gas pipeline infrastructure. we have programs in place to comply with these regulations and systematically monitor and renew infrastructure over time, however, a significant incident or material finding of non-compliance could result in penalties and higher costs of operations.
our natural gas and electric transmission and distribution operations are dependent upon complex information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could disrupt our normal business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to process transactions and provide services.
our utility operations are subject to long-term planning and project risks.
most utility investments are planned to be used for decades. transmission and generation investments typically have long lead times and are planned well in advance of in-service dates and typically subject to long-term resource plans. these plans are based on numerous assumptions such as: sales growth, customer usage, commodity prices, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, customer behavior, available technology and public policy. xcel energy's long-term resource plan is dependent on our ability to obtain required approvals (including regulatory approval in jurisdictions where xcel energy operates), develop necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources and adhere to budgets and timelines.
in addition, the long-term nature of both our planning processes and our asset lives are subject to risk. the utility sector is undergoing significant change (e.g., increases in energy efficiency, wider adoption of distributed generation and shifts away from fossil fuel generation to renewable generation). customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess transmission and generation resources, downward pressure on sales growth, and potentially stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments.
the magnitude and timing of resource additions and changes in customer demand may not coincide with evolving customer preference for generation resources and end-uses, which introduces further uncertainty into long-term planning. efforts to electrify the transportation and building sectors to reduce ghg emissions may result in higher electric demand and lower natural gas demand over time. new data centers and crypto mining facilities could generate significant increase in demand. higher electric demand may require us to adopt new technologies and make significant transmission and distribution investments including advanced grid infrastructure, which increases exposure to overall grid instability and technology obsolescence. evolving stakeholder preference for lower emissions from generation sources and end-uses, like heating, may impact our resource mix and put pressure on our ability to recover capital investments in natural gas generation and delivery. multiple states may not agree as to the appropriate resource mix, which may lead to costs to comply with one jurisdiction that are not recoverable across all jurisdictions served by the same assets.
we require inputs such as coal, natural gas, uranium and water. lack of availability of these resources could jeopardize long-term operations of our facilities or make them uneconomic to operate.
our products contain components that are globally sourced from suppliers. a shortage of key components in which an alternative supplier is not identified could significantly impact operations and project plans for xcel energy and our customers. such impacts could include timing of projects and the potential for project cancellation. failure to adhere to project budgets and timelines could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production.
a significant increase in fuel costs could cause a decline in customer demand, adverse regulatory outcomes and an increase in bad debt expense which may have a material impact on our results of operations. despite existing fuel cost recovery mechanisms in most of our states, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries could impact our cash flows and liquidity.
a significant disruption in supply could cause us to seek alternatives at potentially higher costs. additionally, supply shortages may not be fully resolved, which negatively impacts our ability to provide services to our customers. failure to provide service due to disruptions may also result in fines, penalties or cost disallowances through the regulatory process. also, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to sales commitments negatively impacts our cash flows and results of operations.
we also engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. in many markets, emission allowances and/or recs are also needed to comply with various statutes and commission rulings. as a result, we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk.
commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. we mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis. settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause earnings variability. the management of risks associated with hedging and trading is based, in part, on programs and procedures which utilize historical prices and trends.
public perception often does not distinguish between pass through commodity costs and base rates. high commodity prices that are passed through to customer bills could impact our ability to recover costs for other improvements and operations.
due to the uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing, xcel energy is unable to fully assure that its risk management programs and procedures would be effective to protect against all significant adverse market deviations.
in addition, xcel energy cannot fully assure that its controls will be effective against all potential risks. if such programs and procedures are not effective, xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially impacted.
the competition for talent has become increasingly prevalent, and we have experienced increased employee turnover due to the condition of the labor market and decisions related to strategic workforce planning. in addition, specialized knowledge and skills are required for many of our positions, which may pose additional difficulty for us as we work to recruit, retain and motivate employees in this climate.
failure to hire, adequately train replacement employees, transfer knowledge/expertise or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
our businesses have collective bargaining agreements with labor unions. failure to renew or renegotiate these contracts could lead to labor disruptions, including strikes or boycotts. such disruptions or any negotiated wage or benefit increases could have a material adverse impact to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
national unionization efforts could affect our business, as an increase in unionized workers could challenge our operational efficiency and increase costs.
our operations use third-party contractors in addition to employees to perform periodic and ongoing work.
we rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance and construction work. our contractual arrangements with these contractors typically include performance and safety standards, progress payments, insurance requirements and security for performance. poor vendor performance or contractor unavailability could impact ongoing operations, restoration operations, regulatory recovery, our reputation and could introduce financial risk or risks of fines.
our employees, directors, third-party contractors, or suppliers may violate or be perceived to violate our codes of conduct, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation.
we are exposed to risk of employee or third-party contractor fraud or misconduct. all employees and members of the board of directors are subject to compliance with our code of conduct and are required to participate in annual training. additionally, suppliers are subject to compliance with our supplier code of conduct.
xcel energy does not tolerate discrimination, violations of our code of conduct or other unacceptable behaviors. however, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third-parties, which may result in governmental investigations, other actions or lawsuits. if such actions are taken against us we may suffer loss of reputation and such actions could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our subsidiary, nsp-minnesota, is subject to the risks of nuclear generation.
nsp-minnesota has two nuclear generation plants, pi and monticello. risks of nuclear generation include:
•hazards associated with the use of radioactive material in energy production, including management, handling, storage and disposal.
•limitations on insurance available to cover losses that may arise in connection with nuclear operations, as well as obligations to contribute to an insurance pool in the event of damages at a covered u.s. reactor.
•technological and financial uncertainties related to the costs of decommissioning nuclear plants may cause our funding obligations to change.
the nrc has authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities, including the ability to impose fines and/or shut down a unit until compliance is achieved. nrc safety requirements could necessitate substantial capital expenditures or an increase in operating expenses. in addition, the inpo reviews nsp-minnesota's nuclear operations. compliance with the inpo's recommendations could result in substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses.
if a nuclear incident did occur, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. furthermore, non-compliance or the occurrence of a serious incident at other nuclear facilities could result in increased industry regulation, which may increase nsp-minnesota's compliance costs.
financial risks our profitability depends on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover their costs and changes in regulation may impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs from their customers.
we are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers.
the profitability of our utility operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services and earn a return on capital investment. our rates are generally regulated and are based on an analysis of the utility's costs incurred in a test year. the utility subsidiaries are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory jurisdiction. thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not match its costs at any given time. rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital.
there can also be no assurance that our regulatory commissions will judge all the costs of our utility subsidiaries to be prudent, which could result in disallowances, or that the regulatory process will always result in rates that will produce full recovery.
overall, management believes prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory framework. however, there may be changes in the regulatory environment that could impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs historically collected from customers, or these subsidiaries could exceed caps on capital costs required by commissions and result in less than full recovery.
changes in the long-term cost-effectiveness or to the operating conditions of our assets may result in early retirements of utility facilities. while regulation typically provides cost recovery for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs.
higher than expected inflation or tariffs may increase costs of construction and operations. also, rising fuel costs could increase the risk that our utility subsidiaries will not be able to fully recover their fuel costs from their customers.
adverse regulatory rulings (including changes in recovery mechanisms) or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and materially affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on common stock.
any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships.
our credit ratings are subject to change and our credit ratings may be lowered or withdrawn by a rating agency. significant events including disallowance of costs, use of historic test years, elimination of riders or interim rates, increasing depreciation lives, lower returns on equity, changes to equity ratios and impacts of tax policy may impact our cash flows and credit metrics, potentially resulting in a change in our credit ratings. in addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies.
any credit ratings downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs or lower proceeds from equity issuances. it could also impact our ability to access capital markets. also, our utility subsidiaries may enter into contracts that require posting of collateral or settlement if credit ratings fall below investment grade.
we are subject to capital market and interest rate risks.
utility operations require significant capital investment. as a result, we frequently need to access capital markets. any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. capital market disruption and financial market distress could prevent us from issuing commercial paper, issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with unfavorable terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates or lower proceeds from equity issuances. higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our operating results.
the performance of capital markets impacts the value of assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission nsp-minnesota's nuclear plants and satisfy our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected returns. a decline in the market value of these assets may increase funding requirements. additionally, the fair value of the debt securities held in the nuclear decommissioning and/or pension trusts may be impacted by changes in interest rates.
we are subject to credit risks.
credit risk includes the risk that our customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in our cash flow and liquidity and an increase in bad debt expense. credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the economy and unemployment rates.
credit risk also includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or product will become insolvent and may breach their obligations. should the counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. in that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and incur losses.
xcel energy may have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. we may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, (e.g., miso, spp, ercot and california independent system operator), in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants.
we have additional indirect credit exposure to financial institutions from letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various purchased power contracts. if any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below investment grade, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. if the security were not replaced, the party could be in default under the contract.
increasing costs of our defined benefit retirement plans and employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover most of our employees. assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements of these plans. estimates and assumptions may change. in addition, the pension protection act sets the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans. therefore, our funding requirements and contributions may change in the future.
also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year, due to high numbers of retirements or employees leaving, would trigger settlement accounting and could require xcel energy to recognize incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year liabilities are paid. changes in industry standards utilized in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future obligations and benefit costs.
increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations.
increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. health care legislation could also significantly impact our benefit programs and costs.
investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets. substantially all our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries. consequently, our operating cash flow and ability to service our debt and pay dividends depends upon the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries and their payment of dividends.
our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any amounts due pursuant to our obligations or to make any funds available for dividends on our common stock. in addition, each subsidiary's ability to pay dividends depends on statutory and/or contractual restrictions which may include requirements to maintain minimum levels of equity ratios, working capital or assets.
if the utility subsidiaries were to cease making dividend payments, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or otherwise meet our financial obligations could be adversely affected. our utility subsidiaries are regulated by state utility commissions, which possess broad powers to prioritize that the needs of the utility customers are met. we may be negatively impacted by the actions of state commissions that limit the payment of dividends by our utility subsidiaries.
federal tax law may significantly impact our business.
our utility subsidiaries collect estimated federal, state and local tax payments through their regulated rates. changes to federal tax law may benefit or adversely affect our earnings and customer costs. tax depreciable lives and the value/availability of various tax credits or the timeliness of their utilization may impact the economics or selection of resources. if tax rates are increased, there could be timing delays before regulated rates provide for recovery of such tax increases in revenues. in addition, certain irs tax policies, such as tax normalization, may impact our ability to economically deliver certain types of resources relative to market prices.
macroeconomic risks economic conditions impact our business.
xcel energy's operations are affected by economic conditions, which correlates to customers/sales growth (decline). economic conditions may be impacted by recessionary factors, rising interest rates and insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers' ability to pay their bills, which could lead to additional bad debt expense.
our utility subsidiaries face competitive factors, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, worldwide economic activity impacts the demand for basic commodities necessary for utility infrastructure, which may inhibit our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. we operate in a capital-intensive industry and federal trade policy could significantly impact the cost of materials we use. there may be delays before these additional material costs can be recovered in rates.
the oil and gas industry represents our largest commercial and industrial customer base. oil and natural gas prices are sensitive to market risk factors which may impact demand.
we face risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
health epidemics impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets. uncertainty continues to exist regarding epidemics; the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally); the potential impact on the workforce including shortages of employees and third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions; impacts on the transportation of goods, and the generalized impact on the economy.
we cannot ultimately predict whether an epidemic will have a material impact on our future liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. nor can we predict the impact on the health of our employees, our supply chain or our ability to recover higher costs associated with managing an outbreak.
operations could be impacted by war, terrorism or other events.
our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information and control systems may be targets of terrorist activities. any disruption could impact operations or result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. these disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. we have incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. the insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. in addition, insurance may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms.
a disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business, brand and reputation. because our facilities are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility.
we also face the risks of possible loss of business due to significant events such as severe storms, temperature extremes, wildfires (particularly in colorado), widespread pandemic, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, operator error, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation or a workforce disruption.
in addition, major catastrophic events throughout the world may disrupt our business. while we have business continuity plans in place, our ability to recover may be prolonged due to the type and extent of the event. xcel energy participates in a global supply chain, which includes materials and components that are globally sourced. a prolonged disruption could result in the delay of equipment and materials that may impact our ability to connect, restore and reliably serve our customers.
a major disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues, additional costs to repair assets, and an adverse impact on the cost and availability of insurance, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
a cybersecurity incident or security breach could have a material effect on our business.
we operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology, control systems and network infrastructure. in addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors, shareholders and other individuals.
xcel energy's generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets as well as information processed in our systems (e.g., information regarding our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, including those caused by human error.
the utility industry has been the target of several attacks on operational systems and has seen an increased volume and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents from international activist organizations, other countries and individuals. we expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. to date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations.
cybersecurity incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generation, transmission and distribution capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations or causing the release of customer information, all of which would likely receive state and federal regulatory scrutiny and could expose us to liability.
xcel energy's generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cybersecurity incident on the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third-party service providers' operations, could also negatively impact our business.
generative artificial intelligence, such as large language models like chatgpt, present a range of challenges and potential risks as we consider impacts to the business. these challenges involve navigating the complexities of creating and deploying ai models that generate content autonomously. data privacy, legal concerns, and security issues are all risks as this technology continues to be adopted.
our supply chain for procurement of digital equipment and services may expose software or hardware to these risks and could result in a breach or significant costs of remediation. we are unable to quantify the potential impact of cybersecurity threats or subsequent related actions. cybersecurity incidents and regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third-party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels.
we maintain security measures to protect our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. however, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents, including asset failure or unauthorized access to assets or information.
a failure or breach of our technology systems or those of our third-party service providers could disrupt critical business functions and may negatively impact our business, our brand, and our reputation. the cybersecurity threat is dynamic and evolves continually, and our efforts to prioritize network protection may not be effective given the constant changes to threat vulnerability.
while the company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damages experienced. also, the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events is evolving as the industry matures.
our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather.
our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand depends heavily upon weather patterns. a significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
public policy risks increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business.
the energy act increased civil penalty authority for violation of ferc statutes, rules and orders. ferc can impose penalties of up to $1.5 million per violation per day, particularly as it relates to energy trading activities for both electricity and natural gas. in addition, nerc electric reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection requirements are mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties. also, the phmsa, occupational safety and health administration and other federal agencies have the authority to assess penalties.
in the event of serious incidents, these agencies may pursue penalties. in addition, certain states have the authority to impose substantial penalties. if a serious reliability, cybersecurity or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the continued use of natural gas for both power generation and gas distribution have increasingly become a public policy advocacy target. these efforts may result in a limitation of natural gas as an energy source for both power generation and heating, which could impact our ability to reliably and affordably serve our customers.
in recent years, there have been various local and state agency proposals within and outside our service territories that would attempt to restrict the use and availability of natural gas. if such policies were to prevail, we may be forced to make new resource investment decisions which could potentially result in stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments and impact the overall reliability of our service.
environmental policy risks we may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change may create financial risk as our facilities may be subject to additional regulation at either the state or federal level in the future. international agreements could additionally lead to future federal or state regulations.
in 2015, the united nations framework convention on climate change reached consensus among 190 nations on an agreement (the paris agreement) that establishes a framework for ghg mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2o celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5o celsius.
international commitments and agreements could result in future additional ghg reductions in the united states. in addition, in 2023 the epa intends to publish draft regulations for ghg emissions from the power sector consistent with the agency's clean air act authorities.
many states and localities continue to pursue their own climate policies. the steps xcel energy has taken to date to reduce ghg emissions, including energy efficiency measures, adding renewable generation and retiring or converting coal plants to natural gas, occurred under state-endorsed resource plans, renewable energy standards and other state policies.
we may be subject to climate change lawsuits. an adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant and could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.
if our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the o&m costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
we are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. laws and regulations require us to obtain permits, licenses, and approvals and to comply with a variety of environmental requirements.
environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of facilities or the use of certain fuels, shift generation to lower-emitting facilities, install pollution control equipment, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. failure to meet requirements of environmental mandates may result in fines or penalties. we may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where our past activities, or the activities of other parties, caused environmental contamination.
changes in environmental policies and regulations or regulatory decisions may result in early retirements of our generation facilities. while regulation typically provides relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs.
we are subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if our regulators do not allow us to recover the cost of capital investment or o&m costs incurred to comply with the requirements.
in addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised and new laws or regulations may be adopted. we may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather, natural disaster and resource depletion impacts.
climate change can create physical and financial risk. physical risks include changes in weather conditions and extreme weather events. our customers' energy needs vary with weather. to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease. increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in generating assets, transmission and infrastructure. decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues.
climate change may impact the economy, which could impact our sales and revenues. the price of energy has an impact on the economic health of our communities. the cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as regulation of ghg, could impact the availability of goods and prices charged by our suppliers which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods.
to the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of ghgs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions.
we establish strategies and expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters. our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations, and reputation, and increase risk of litigation.
severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, flooding, tornadoes, wildfires and snow or ice storms or extreme temperatures (high heating/cooling days) occur. extreme weather conditions in general require system backup and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, increasing the cost of energy we provide to our customers.
to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service and result in more frequent service interruptions. periods of extreme temperatures could also impact our ability to meet demand.
more frequent and severe drought conditions, extreme swings in amount and timing of precipitation, changes in vegetation, unseasonably warm temperatures, very low humidity, stronger winds and other factors have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the potential impact of an event. also, the expansion of the wildland urban interface increases the wildfire risk to surrounding communities and xcel energy's electric and natural gas infrastructure.
other potential risks associated with wildfires and other climate events include the inability to secure sufficient insurance coverage, or increased costs of insurance, regulatory recovery risk, and the potential for a credit downgrade and subsequent additional costs to access capital markets.
while we carry liability insurance, given an extreme event, if xcel energy was found to be liable for wildfire damages, amounts that potentially exceed our coverage could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
drought or water depletion could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, cause early retirement of power plants and increase the cost for energy. adverse events may result in increased insurance costs and/or decreased insurance availability. we may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations non-gaap financial measures the following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with gaap, as well as certain non-gaap financial measures such as ongoing roe, ongoing earnings and ongoing diluted eps. generally, a non-gaap financial measure is a measure of a company's financial performance, financial position or cash flows that is adjusted from measures calculated and presented in accordance with gaap.
xcel energy's management uses non-gaap measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the board of directors, in determining performance-based compensation and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. non-gaap financial measures are intended to supplement investors' understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with gaap. these measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies' similarly titled non-gaap financial measures.
ongoing roe ongoing roe is calculated by dividing the net income or loss of xcel energy or each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by each entity's average stockholder's equity. we use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate and provide details of earnings results.
gaap diluted eps reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other agreements to issue common stock (i.e., common stock equivalents) were settled. the weighted average number of potentially dilutive shares outstanding used to calculate xcel energy inc.'s diluted eps is calculated using the treasury stock method. ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to gaap earnings (net income) for certain items. ongoing diluted eps is calculated by dividing the net income or loss of each subsidiary, adjusted for certain items, by the weighted average fully diluted xcel energy inc. common shares outstanding for the period. ongoing diluted eps for each subsidiary is calculated by dividing the net income or loss of such subsidiary, adjusted for certain items, by the weighted average fully diluted xcel energy inc. common shares outstanding for the period.
we use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate and provide details of xcel energy's core earnings and underlying performance. for instance, to present ongoing earnings and ongoing diluted earnings per share, we may adjust the related gaap amounts for certain items that are non-recurring in nature. we believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of our subsidiaries. these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered as an alternative to measures calculated and reported in accordance with gaap.
the following table provides a reconciliation of gaap earnings (net income) to ongoing earnings:
(millions of dollars)                                      2023   2022
less: tax effect of adjustments                         (27)               -
diluted earnings (loss)                                             gaap diluted eps                        impact of adjustments                       ongoing diluted eps per share nsp-minnesota                                                          $1.28                                      $0.04                                      $1.32
diluted earnings (loss)                                             gaap diluted eps                  impact of adjustments                             ongoing diluted eps per share nsp-minnesota                                                          $1.23                          $-                                                     $1.23
comanche unit 3 litigation - in the third quarter of 2023, psco recognized a $34 million loss due to a jury verdict in denver county district court awarding core lost power damages and other costs. psco intends to file an appeal of this decision. given the non-recurring nature of this specific item, it has been excluded from ongoing earnings.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
workforce reduction - in 2023, xcel energy implemented workforce actions to align resources and investments with our evolving business and customer needs, and streamline the organization for long-term success. xcel energy initiated a voluntary retirement program, under which approximately 400 eligible non-bargaining employees retired. xcel energy also eliminated approximately 150 non-bargaining employees through an involuntary severance program.
total workforce reduction expenses of $72 million were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. given the non-recurring nature of this item, it has been excluded from ongoing earnings.
see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
results of operations diluted eps for xcel energy at dec. 31:
xcel energy's management believes that ongoing earnings reflects management's performance in operating xcel energy and provides a meaningful representation of the performance of xcel energy's core business. in addition, xcel energy's management uses ongoing earnings internally for financial planning and analysis, reporting results to the board of directors and when communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors.
xcel energy - gaap diluted earnings were $3.21 per share compared to $3.17 per share in 2022 and ongoing diluted earnings were $3.35 per share in 2023, compared with $3.17 per share in 2022. the increase in ongoing earnings per share was driven by increased recovery of infrastructure investments, higher sales and demand and lower o&m expenses, partially offset by higher depreciation and interest charges and unfavorable weather.
fluctuations in electric and natural gas revenues associated with changes in fuel and purchased power and/or natural gas sold and transported generally do not significantly impact earnings (changes in costs are offset by the related variation in revenues).
nsp-minnesota - gaap earnings increased $0.05 per share and ongoing earnings increased $0.09 per share for 2023 compared to 2022. the change to ongoing earnings was driven by increased recovery of electric infrastructure investments, partially offset by increased interest charges and unfavorable weather.
psco - gaap earnings decreased $0.07 per share and ongoing earnings was flat for 2023 compared to 2022. ongoing earnings primarily reflects higher recovery of infrastructure investment and lower o&m expenses, which were partially offset by increased depreciation, interest charges and unfavorable weather.
sps - gaap earnings increased $0.06 per share and ongoing earnings increased $0.07 per share for 2023 compared to 2022. ongoing earnings were largely impacted by regulatory rate outcomes, sales growth, partially offset by increased depreciation, interest charges and unfavorable weather.
nsp-wisconsin - gaap and ongoing earnings increased $0.02 per share for 2023 compared to 2022. the increase in ongoing earnings was primarily a result of higher recovery of electric infrastructure investment, partially offset by unfavorable weather and, higher depreciation, o&m expenses and interest charges.
xcel energy inc. and other - primarily includes financing costs and interest income at the holding company and earnings from eip funds equity method investments. fluctuations from 2022 levels were largely attributable to increased interest rates.
changes in diluted eps components significantly contributing to changes in eps:
components of change - 2023 vs. 2022
higher electric revenues, net of electric fuel and purchased power                                            0.07
lower conservation and demand side management expenses (offset in electric revenues)                          0.06
higher natural gas revenues, net of cost of natural gas sold and transported                                  0.03
operating companies                       8.45                         8.79                                8.74
statement of income analysis the following summarizes the items that affected the individual revenue and expense items reported in the consolidated statements of income.
estimated impact of temperature changes on regulated earnings - unusually hot summers or cold winters increase electric and natural gas sales, while mild weather reduces electric and natural gas sales. the estimated impact of weather on earnings is based on the number of customers, temperature variances, the amount of natural gas or electricity historically used per degree of temperature and excludes any incremental related operating expenses that could result due to storm activity or vegetation management requirements.
as a result, weather deviations from normal levels can affect xcel energy's financial performance. however, electric decoupling mechanisms in colorado (mechanism expired in september 2023) and electric sales true-up mechanisms in minnesota and gas decoupling mechanism in minnesota predominately mitigate the positive and adverse impacts of weather in those jurisdictions.
degree-day or thi data is used to estimate amounts of energy required to maintain comfortable indoor temperature levels based on each day's average temperature and humidity.
hdd is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65° fahrenheit. cdd is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature rises above 65° fahrenheit.
each degree of temperature above 65° fahrenheit is counted as one cdd, and each degree of temperature below 65° fahrenheit is counted as one hdd.
in xcel energy's more humid service territories, a thi is used in place of cdd, which adds a humidity factor to cdd. hdd, cdd and thi are most likely to impact the usage of xcel energy's residential and commercial customers. industrial customers are less sensitive to weather.
normal weather conditions are defined as either the 10, 20 or 30-year average of actual historical weather conditions. the historical period of time used in the calculation of normal weather differs by jurisdiction, based on regulatory practice. to calculate the impact of weather on demand, a demand factor is applied to the weather impact on sales. extreme weather variations, windchill and cloud cover may not be reflected in weather-normalized estimates.
weather - estimated impact of temperature variations on eps compared with normal weather conditions:
firm natural gas                          (0.010)           0.037                                           (0.047)
sales - sales growth (decline) for actual and weather-normalized sales:
firm natural gas sales                   (12.0)                     (1.5)                        n/a                 (12.6)                       (5.7)
firm natural gas sales                                    -                          2.3                      n/a                  (0.4)                         1.4
annual weather-normalized electric sales growth (decline)
•nsp-minnesota - residential sales increased due to a 1.2% increase in customers outpacing declines in use per customer. the decline in c&i sales was due to lower use per customer, particularly due to weakness in the manufacturing sector compared to prior year.
•psco - residential sales increased due to increased use per customer and a 1.3% increase in customers. the decline in c&i sales was attributable to decreased use per customer, primarily in the manufacturing sector.
•sps - residential sales growth was primarily attributable to a 0.7% increase in customers and increased use per customer. c&i sales increased due to higher use per customer, primarily driven by the energy sector.
•nsp-wisconsin - the c&i sales decline was associated with lower use per customer, experienced primarily in the transportation and manufacturing sectors.
annual weather-normalized natural gas sales growth (decline)
•natural gas sales reflect 1.2% residential and 0.7% c&i customer growth and an increase in c&i use per customer at psco. partially offsetting these increases were lower use per residential customer in all jurisdictions.
electric margin electric margin is presented as electric revenues less electric fuel and purchased power expenses. expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms.
as a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues.
electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal and uranium. these price fluctuations generally have minimal impact on earnings impact due to fuel recovery mechanisms. in addition, electric customers receive a credit for ptcs generated, which reduce electric revenue and income taxes.
(millions of dollars)                     2023                    2022
change in electric margin
(millions of dollars)                                                              2023 vs. 2022
revenue recognition of the texas rate case surcharge (b)                             (85)
estimated impact of weather (net of decoupling/sales true-up)                        (51)
conservation and demand side management (offset in expense)                          (43)
ptcs flowed back to customers (offset by lower etr)                                  (28)
(a)sales excludes weather impact, net of partial decoupling in colorado (mechanism expired in september 2023) and sales true-up mechanism in minnesota.
(b)the decline in electric margin is due to the recognition of the texas rate case outcome in the second quarter of 2022, which was largely offset by recognition of previously deferred costs.
natural gas margin natural gas margin is presented as natural gas revenues less the cost of natural gas sold and transported. expenses incurred for the cost of natural gas sold are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. as a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues.
natural gas expense varies with changing sales and the cost of natural gas. however, fluctuations in the cost of natural gas generally have minimal earnings impact due to cost recovery mechanisms.
natural gas revenues, cost of natural gas sold and transported and natural gas margin
(millions of dollars)                           2023                    2022
cost of natural gas sold and transported                   (1,456)                 (1,910)
change in natural gas margin
(millions of dollars)                                      2023 vs. 2022
estimated impact of weather (net of decoupling)              (25)
non-fuel operating expenses and other items o&m expenses - o&m expenses decreased $47 million in 2023, primarily due to the impact of management cost containment efforts, the exit of our appliance repair services business and the change in deferred costs associated with the texas electric rate cases (offset in electric revenues), offset by higher bad debt expenses, the impact of inflationary pressures, including labor, and timing of unplanned maintenance at generating plants.
depreciation and amortization - depreciation and amortization increased $35 million for the year, primarily related to system expansion, offset by the change in deferred costs associated with the texas electric rate case and depreciation life extensions implemented in the minnesota electric rate case.
taxes (other than income taxes) -taxes (other than income taxes) decreased $31 million in 2023, primarily due to lower property tax expense (lower tax rates in minnesota offset by increase in colorado) and deferrals related to the minnesota electric rate case and texas electric rate case.
other income (expense) - other income (expense) increased $35 million for the year, primarily related to rabbi trust performance, which is primarily offset in employee benefit cost in o&m expenses.
interest charges - interest charges increased $102 million in 2023. the increase was largely due to higher long-term debt levels to fund capital investments and higher interest rates.
xcel energy inc. and other results net income and diluted eps contributions of xcel energy inc. and its nonregulated businesses:
(millions of dollars)                                            2023                    2022
a discussion of changes in xcel energy's results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and capital resources from the year ended dec. 31, 2021 to dec. 31, 2022 can be found in part ii, "item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year 2022, which was filed with the sec on feb. 23, 2023. however, such discussion is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this annual report on form 10-k.
public utility regulation the ferc and various state and local regulatory commissions regulate xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries and west gas interstate. xcel energy is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and natural gas distribution companies in minnesota, north dakota, south dakota, wisconsin, michigan, colorado, new mexico and texas.
rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. our utility subsidiaries request changes in utility rates through commission filings. changes in operating costs can affect xcel energy's financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and dsm efforts, and the cost of capital.
in addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the roe, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. decisions by these regulators can significantly impact xcel energy's results of operations and credit quality.
see rate matters and other within note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
nsp-minnesota summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto                     additional information mpuc                                      retail rates, services, security issuances, property transfers, mergers, disposition of assets, affiliate transactions, and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.reviews and approves integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs.certifies the need and siting for generating plants greater than 50 mw and transmission lines greater than 100 kv in minnesota.reviews and approves natural gas supply plans.
ndpsc                                     retail rates, services and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.reviews and approves integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs.regulatory authority over generation and transmission facilities, along with the siting and routing of new generation and transmission facilities in north dakota.pipeline safety compliance.
sdpuc                                     retail rates, services and other aspects of electric operations.regulatory authority over generation and transmission facilities, along with the siting and routing of new generation and transmission facilities in south dakota.pipeline safety compliance.
ferc                                      wholesale electric operations, hydroelectric licensing, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with nerc electric reliability standards, asset transfers and mergers, and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
miso                                      nsp-minnesota is a transmission owning member of the miso rto and operates within the miso rto and wholesale markets. nsp-minnesota makes wholesale sales in other rto markets at market-based rates. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin also make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices to customers outside of their balancing authority as jointly authorized by the ferc.
minnesota office of pipeline safety       pipeline safety compliance.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                              additional information cip rider (a)                          recovers costs of conservation and dsm programs.
customer protection mechanisms         miso capacity revenue tracker, property tax tracker, annual incentive plan, capital true-up, and deferred tax asset refund are all mechanisms that mitigate the impact of changes to costs as compared to a baseline for nsp-minnesota customers.
decoupling                             measures natural gas revenues against a baseline revenue per-customer for all minnesota gas customers in classes with more than 50 customers.
fca                                    recovers prudently incurred costs of fuel related items and purchased energy (minnesota, north dakota and south dakota).
guic rider                             recovers costs for transmission and distribution pipeline integrity management programs, including funding for pipeline assessments, deferred costs for sewer separation and pipeline integrity management programs in minnesota.
infrastructure rider                   recovers costs for investments in generation in south dakota.
purchased gas adjustment               provides for prospective monthly rate adjustments in minnesota and north dakota for costs of purchased natural gas, transportation and storage service. includes a true-up process for difference between projected and actual costs.
renewable development fund             allocates money collected from customers to support research and development of emerging renewable energy projects and technologies in minnesota.
renewable energy rider                 recovers cost of renewable generation in north dakota.
res                                    recovers cost of renewable generation in minnesota.
sales true-up                          mitigates the impact of changes to sales levels as compared to a baseline for all minnesota electric customers.
transmission cost recovery             recovers costs for investments in minnesota, north dakota, and south dakota for electric transmission and distribution grid modernization.
(a)minnesota state law requires nsp-minnesota to spend 2% of its state electric revenues and 0.5% of its state natural gas revenues on cip. these costs are recovered through an annual cost-recovery mechanism.
2022 minnesota electric rate case - in october 2021, nsp-minnesota filed a three-year electric rate case with the mpuc. the rate request was based on a roe of 10.2%, a 52.5% equity ratio and forward test years. in december 2021, the mpuc approved interim rates, subject to refund, of $247 million, effective jan. 1, 2022. in november 2022, nsp-minnesota revised its rate request to $498 million over three years.
in july 2023, the mpuc approved a three-year rate increase of approximately $332 million for 2022-2024, based on a roe of 9.25% and an equity ratio of 52.5%. the mpuc also approved a continuation of the sales true-up mechanism.
in october 2023, the mpuc denied nsp-minnesota's request for reconsideration of certain aspects of the decision. nsp-minnesota filed an appeal of the decision to the minnesota court of appeals in november 2023.
2024 minnesota natural gas rate case - in november 2023, nsp-minnesota filed a request with the mpuc for an annual natural gas rate increase of approximately $59 million, or 9.6%. the request is based on a roe of 10.2%, a 52.5% equity ratio and a 2024 forward test year with rate base of approximately $1.27 billion. in dec. 2023, the mpuc approved nsp-minnesota's request for interim rates, subject to refund, of approximately $51 million (implemented on jan. 1, 2024).
2024 north dakota natural gas rate case - in december 2023, nsp-minnesota filed a request with the ndpsc for an annual natural gas rate increase of approximately $8 million, or 9.4%. the filing is based on a roe of 10.2%, a 52.5% equity ratio and a 2024 forecast test year with rate base of approximately $168 million. nsp-minnesota requested interim rates, subject to refund, of approximately $8 million to be implemented on march 1, 2024.
nuclear power operations nuclear power plant operations produce gaseous, liquid and solid radioactive wastes, which are covered by federal regulation. high-level radioactive wastes primarily include used nuclear fuel. low-level waste consists primarily of demineralizer resins, paper, protective clothing, rags, tools and equipment contaminated through use.
nrc regulation - the nrc regulates nuclear operations. costs of complying with nrc requirements can affect both operating expenses and capital investments of the plants. nsp-minnesota has obtained recovery of these compliance costs and expects to recover future compliance costs.
low-level waste disposal - low level waste from monticello and pi is disposed of at the clive facility located in utah and the waste control specialists facility in texas. nsp-minnesota has storage capacity available on-site at pi and monticello which would allow both plants to continue to operate until the end of their current licensed lives if off-site low-level waste disposal facilities become unavailable.
high-level radioactive waste disposal - the federal government has responsibility to permanently dispose of domestic spent nuclear fuel and other high-level radioactive wastes. the nuclear waste policy act requires the doe to implement a program for nuclear high-level waste management.
this includes the siting, licensing, construction and operation of a repository for spent nuclear fuel from civilian nuclear power reactors and other high-level radioactive wastes at a permanent federal storage or disposal facility. currently, there are no definitive plans for a permanent federal storage facility site.
nuclear spent fuel storage - nsp-minnesota has interim on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel at its monticello and pi nuclear generating plants. authorized storage capacity is sufficient to allow nsp-minnesota to operate until the end of the current operating licenses in 2030 for monticello, 2033 for pi unit 1, and 2034 for pi unit 2.
in february 2023, nsp-minnesota filed a con with the mpuc for additional storage at pi to support possible life extension to 2054.
in october 2023, the mpuc issued an order approving nsp-minnesota's application for a con for additional spent fuel storage (existing independent spent fuel storage installation) at the monticello nuclear power generating plant to allow continued operation of the monticello plant until 2040.
authorizations for additional spent fuel storage capacity may be required at each site to support either continued operation or decommissioning if the federal government does not commence storage operations.
nsp-wisconsin summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto                     additional information pscw                                      retail rates, services and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.certifies the need for new generating plants and electric transmission lines before the facilities may be sited and built.the pscw has a biennial base rate filing requirement. by june of each odd numbered year, nsp-wisconsin must submit a rate filing for the test year beginning the following january.pipeline safety compliance.
michigan public service commission        retail rates, services and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.certifies the need for new generating plants and electric transmission lines before the facilities may be sited and built.pipeline safety compliance.
ferc                                      wholesale electric operations, hydroelectric generation licensing, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with nerc electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
miso                                      nsp-wisconsin is a transmission owning member of the miso rto that operates within the miso rto and wholesale energy market. nsp-wisconsin and nsp-minnesota are jointly authorized by the ferc to make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                                    additional information annual fuel cost plan                        nsp-wisconsin does not have an automatic electric fuel adjustment clause. under wisconsin rules, utilities submit a forward-looking annual fuel cost plan to the pscw. once the pscw approves the plan, utilities defer the amount of any fuel cost under-recovery or over-recovery in excess of a 2% annual tolerance band, for future rate recovery or refund. approval of a fuel cost plan and any rate adjustment for refund or recovery of deferred costs is determined by the pscw. rate recovery of deferred fuel cost is subject to an earnings test based on the most recently authorized roe. under-collections that exceed the 2% annual tolerance band may not be recovered if the utility earnings for that year exceed the authorized roe.
natural gas cost-recovery factor (mi)        nsp-wisconsin's natural gas rates for michigan customers include a natural gas cost-recovery factor, based on 12-month projections and trued-up to actual amounts on an annual basis.
power supply cost recovery factors           nsp-wisconsin's retail electric rate schedules for michigan customers include power supply cost recovery factors, based on 12-month projections. after each 12-month period, a reconciliation is submitted whereby over-recoveries are refunded and any under-recoveries are collected from customers.
purchased gas adjustment                     a retail cost-recovery mechanism to recover the actual cost of natural gas, transportation, and storage services.
wisconsin energy efficiency program          the primary energy efficiency program is funded by the utilities, but operated by independent contractors subject to oversight by the pscw and utilities. nsp-wisconsin recovers these costs from customers.
recently concluded regulatory proceedings wisconsin rate case - in 2023, nsp-wisconsin filed a wisconsin rate case seeking a revised electric increase of $25 million and a natural gas increase of $7 million. the filing was based on a 2024 forecast test year, a roe of 10.25%, an equity ratio of 52.5% and a forecasted average net rate base of approximately $2.1 billion for the electric utility and $284 million for the natural gas utility.
in december 2023, the pscw approved a roe of 9.8% and an equity ratio of 52.5% as well as a rate increase of approximately $1 million for the electric utility. adjustments to nsp-wisconsin's rate request included removal of a proposed residential affordability program and other earnings neutral adjustments and fuel and purchased power costs. the pscw also approved a $5 million rate increase for the natural gas utility in 2024. the new rates were implemented on jan. 1, 2024.
nsp system pending and recently concluded regulatory proceedings
2022 upper midwest irp resource acquisition - following the mpuc's approval of nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin's latest irp in april 2022, nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin have been engaged in multiple resource acquisition processes and proceedings to meet the need identified in the irp for the nsp system.
•in august 2022, nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin jointly filed an rfp seeking at least 900 mw of solar or solar plus storage capacity. in may 2023, nsp-minnesota filed a recommended portfolio, which proposed an additional 250 mw of self-build solar generation at the site of our retiring sherco coal units and a 100 mw solar ppa located in wisconsin as part of the resource plan rfp. in september 2023, the mpuc approved the request for 350 mw, subject to a cost cap based on projected costs for the sherco solar project.
•in the second quarter of 2023, nsp-minnesota initiated the process with the mpuc for acquisition of 800 mw of firm dispatchable resources. in january 2024, nsp-minnesota and other companies submitted proposed resources. nsp-minnesota expects a decision by the fourth quarter of 2024.
•in july 2023, nsp-wisconsin issued an rfp seeking approximately 650 mw of solar and/or solar plus storage development assets that will be developed in the 2027-2029 timeframe to replace the capacity from the retiring king generating station. the rfp closed in september 2023 and bids are being evaluated.
•in october 2023, nsp-minnesota issued an rfp seeking approximately 1,200 mw of wind development assets to replace capacity and reutilize interconnection rights associated with the retiring sherco coal facilities. the rfp closed in december 2023 and the nsp-minnesota expects to file for approval of recommended projects by mid-2024.
2024 upper midwest energy plan - in february 2024, nsp-minnesota filed its resource plan with the mpuc. key components of the plan include the following:
•extends the operation of prairie island and monticello nuclear plants through the early 2050s.
•adds 3,600 mw of new wind and solar resources by 2030.
•adds 600 mw of battery energy storage by 2030.
•adds more than 2,200 mw of dispatchable resources by 2030.
nsp-minnesota anticipates a mpuc decision in 2025.
purchased power and transmission services the nsp system expects to use power plants, power purchases, conservation and dsm options, new generation facilities and expansion of power plants to meet its system capacity requirements.
purchased power - through the interchange agreement, nsp-wisconsin receives power purchased by nsp-minnesota from other utilities and independent power producers. long-term purchased power contracts for dispatchable resources typically require a capacity charge and an energy charge. nsp-minnesota makes short-term purchases to meet system requirements, replace company owned generation, meet operating reserve obligations or obtain energy at a lower cost.
purchased transmission services - nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin have contracts with miso and other regional transmission service providers to deliver power and energy to their customers.
wholesale and commodity marketing operations nsp-minnesota conducts wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy-related products. nsp-minnesota uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and to hedge sales and purchases.
nsp-minnesota also engages in trading activity unrelated to these hedging activities. sharing of any margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the ferc approved joint operating agreement. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin do not serve any wholesale requirements customers at cost-based regulated rates.
psco summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto         additional information on regulatory authority cpuc                          retail rates, accounts, services, issuance of securities and other aspects of electric, natural gas and steam operations.reviews and approves integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs.certifies the need and siting for generating plans greater than 50 mw.pipeline safety compliance.
ferc                          wholesale electric operations, accounting practices, hydroelectric licensing, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with the nerc electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.wholesale electric sales at cost-based prices to customers inside psco's balancing authority area and at market-based prices to customers outside psco's balancing authority area.psco holds a ferc certificate that allows it to transport natural gas in interstate commerce without psco becoming subject to full ferc jurisdiction.
rto                           psco is not presently a member of an rto and does not operate within an rto energy market. however, psco does make certain sales to other rto's, including spp and participates in the spp western energy imbalance service market, an energy imbalance market.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                                 additional information colorado energy plan adjustment           recovers the early retirement costs of comanche units 1 and 2 to a maximum of 1% of the customer's bill.
decoupling                                mechanism to true-up revenue to a baseline amount for residential (excluding lighting and demand) and metered non-demand small c&amp;i classes (pilot program ended sept. 2023, with amortization of previously deferred amounts expected through 2026).
dsm cost adjustment                       recovers electric and gas dsm, interruptible service costs and performance incentives for achieving energy savings goals.
eca                                       recovers fuel and purchased energy costs. short-term sales margins are shared with customers. the eca is revised quarterly.
fca                                       psco recovers fuel and purchased energy costs from wholesale electric customers through a fuel cost adjustment clause approved by the ferc. wholesale customers pay production costs through a forecasted formula rate subject to true-up.
gca                                       recovers costs of purchased natural gas and transportation and is revised quarterly to allow for changes in natural gas rates.
purchased capacity cost adjustment        recovers purchased capacity payments.
res adjustment                            recovers the incremental costs of compliance with the res with a maximum of 1% of the customer's bill.
steam cost adjustment                     recovers fuel costs to operate the steam system. the steam cost adjustment rate is revised quarterly.
transmission cost adjustment              recovers costs between rate cases for transmission projects that result in a net increase in capacity or are part of an approved wildfire mitigation plan.
transportation electrification plan       recovers costs associated with the investment in and adoption of transportation electrification infrastructure.
pending and recently concluded regulatory proceedings colorado electric rate case - in 2022, psco filed a colorado electric rate case seeking a revised net increase of $253 million. the total request reflected a $303 million increase, which includes $50 million of authorized costs previously recovered through various rider mechanisms. the request was based on a 10.25% roe, an equity ratio of 55.7% and a 2023 forecast test year with a 2023 average rate base of $11.3 billion.
•retail revenue increase (excluding rider roll-ins) of $95 million (2.96%), based on a 2022 historic test year using year-end rate base with forward looking known and measurable adjustments.
•weighted-average cost of capital of 6.95% (based on 55.69% equity ratio and 9.3% roe).
•termination of the revenue decoupling pilot.
•continuation of previously authorized trackers and deferrals.
colorado resource plan - in august 2022, the cpuc approved a settlement for the colorado resource plan, which provides for an expected carbon reduction and the retirement of psco's remaining coal plant by the end of 2030.
in september 2023 (updated in october 2023), psco filed its recommended preferred portfolio of resources, which proposed a total of 7,521 mw of generation resources, including 4,716 owned mw and 2,805 purchased power mw. the filing also included several other alternative portfolios.
in december 2023, the cpuc approved an alternative portfolio of 5,835 mw. the decision provides an opportunity to assess timing and levels of incremental renewable resources in the just transition plan filing expected to be submitted by june 1, 2024.
approved portfolio includes the following resources:
generation resource (in mw)              company owned          ppas         total wind resources                            1,325              375         1,700
psco expects to invest approximately $4.8 billion in generation resources under the alternative portfolio for the benefit of its customers and achieving the state's clean energy goals. the cpuc did not approve the may valley to longhorn transmission line, which was estimated at $250 million.
in december 2023, the cpuc approved two pims associated with the generation projects in the portfolio, including a two-way sharing measure related to capital construction costs and another related to ongoing levelized energy costs. these pims will be further defined in the written order and related proceedings throughout 2024.
in february 2024, psco filed an arrr to seek approval for an updated portfolio, reflecting inclusion of certain back-up bids and clarifications of the application of pims.
colorado natural gas rate case - in january 2024, psco filed a request with the cpuc seeking an increase to retail natural gas rates of $171 million, or an approximately 9.5% increase in the average residential customer bill. the request is based on a 2023 test year, a 10.25% roe, an equity ratio of 55% and a $4.2 billion retail rate base which includes projected capital additions through dec. 31, 2023. psco has requested a proposed effective date of nov. 1, 2024.
psco has proposed to defer collection of the increased rates until feb. 15, 2025 (following the expiration of the rider to recover winter storm uri costs) to mitigate customer bill impacts, with revenues for the deferred period collected over a 12-month period beginning on that date.
the request supports fundamental infrastructure investments to serve customers, consistent with psco's obligation to provide safe, reliable service while enabling psco to continue to be a leader of the clean energy transition in partnership with the cpuc to achieve clean heat goals.
revenue request (millions of dollars)
changes since 2022 rate case:
operations and maintenance, amortization and other expenses                     23
sales growth                                                                   (7)
(a)includes approximately $32 million as a result of the increase in roe from 9.2% to 10.25%.
eca fuel recovery - in december 2022, psco filed to recover $123 million of under-recovered 2022 fuel costs over two quarters. in december 2022, the cpuc found that the $123 million should be removed from the proposed eca rates, and required psco to file a separate application to recover these costs.
in 2023, psco submitted interim eca filings to recover $70 million and $25 million, respectively, of the 2022 under-recovered costs.
in the third quarter, psco and cpuc staff filed a settlement allowing for collection of the remaining amount, which after final adjustments was $37 million. in december 2023, the alj issued a recommended decision approving the settlement in full. recovery of costs is expected to begin in the second quarter of 2024.
colorado legislation - in may 2023, colorado senate bill 23-291 passed and was signed into law. the bill includes a number of topics including natural gas and electric fuel incentive mechanisms, natural gas planning rules, regulatory filing requirements, and non-recovery of certain expenses (e.g., certain organizational or membership dues, tax penalties or fines).
in november 2023, the cpuc approved psco's natural gas price risk management plan, establishing upper and lower limits for changes in the gca rate. as a result costs above the upper limit are deferred for future recovery, with interest, and costs below the lower limit are deferred as a reserve against future cost increases.
the legislation also calls for the cpuc to adopt rules to establish fuel cost mechanisms to align the financial incentives of a utility with the interests of the utility's customers by jan. 1, 2025. the cpuc issued a request for initial comments on a potential mechanism under which gas utilities would share a percentage, subject to an annual cap, of cost changes in the gca. a formal rulemaking is expected to commence in the first half of 2024.
purchased power and transmission service providers psco meets its system capacity and energy requirements through its fleet of owned and purchased electric generation resources and, when required, the use of demand-side management programs.
purchased power - psco purchases power from other utilities, energy marketers and independent power producers. long-term purchased power contracts for dispatchable resources typically require capacity and energy charges. much of psco's long-term purchased power is for wind, solar and storage resources. psco makes short-term purchases to meet system load and energy requirements, replace generation out of service for maintenance, meet operating reserve obligations, or obtain energy at a lower cost.
energy markets - psco joined the spp western energy imbalance service market in april 2023. this market is an incremental step in the participation in an organized wholesale market. energy imbalance markets allow participants to buy and sell power close to the time electricity is consumed and gives system operators real-time visibility across neighboring grids. the result improves balancing supply and demand at a lower cost.
purchased transmission services - in addition to using its own transmission system, psco has contracts with regional transmission service providers to deliver energy to its customers.
wholesale and commodity marketing operations psco conducts various wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy related products. psco uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and hedge sales and purchases. psco also engages in trading activity unrelated to these hedging activities.
sharing of any margin is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the ferc approved joint operating agreement.
sps summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto                                    additional information puct                                                     retail electric operations, rates, services, construction of transmission or generation and other aspects of sps' electric operations.the municipalities in which sps operates in texas have original jurisdiction over rates in those communities. the municipalities' rate setting decisions are subject to puct review.
nmprc                                                    retail electric operations, retail rates and services and the construction of transmission or generation.reviews integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs.
ferc                                                     wholesale electric operations, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, the transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with nerc electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers, and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
spp rto and spp integrated and wholesale markets         sps is a transmission owning member of the spp rto and operates within the spp rto and spp integrated and wholesale markets. sps is authorized to make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                                                   additional information advanced metering system surcharge                          recovers costs incurred in deployment of the advanced metering system in texas.
consulting fee rider                                        recovers consulting fees and carrying charges incurred by sps on behalf of the puct.
distribution cost recovery factor                           recovers distribution costs not included in rates in texas.
electric vehicle rider                                      recovers costs of the transportation electrification plan in new mexico.
energy efficiency cost recovery factor                      recovers costs for energy efficiency programs in texas.
fixed fuel and purchased recovery factor                    provides for the over- or under-recovery of energy expenses in texas. regulations require refunding or surcharging over- or under- recovery amounts, including interest, when they exceed 4% of the utility's annual fuel and purchased energy costs on a rolling 12-month basis if this condition is expected to continue.
fuel and purchased power cost adjustment clause             adjusts monthly to recover actual fuel and purchased power costs in new mexico.
generation cost recovery rider                              allows recovery of investment in power generation facilities outside of a base rate case proceeding.
purchased power capacity cost recovery factor               allows recovery of purchased power capacity costs not included in texas rates.
transmission cost recovery factor                           recovers certain transmission infrastructure improvement costs and changes in wholesale transmission charges not included in texas base rates.
wholesale fuel and purchased energy cost adjustment         sps recovers fuel and purchased energy costs from its wholesale customers through a monthly wholesale fuel and purchased energy cost adjustment clause accepted by the ferc. wholesale customers also pay the jurisdictional allocation of production costs.
2022 new mexico electric rate case - in 2022, sps filed a new mexico electric rate case seeking a revised revenue increase of $75 million. the request was based on a roe of 10.75%, an equity ratio of 54.7%, a future test year ending june 30, 2024 and rate base of $2.4 billion.
•base rate revenue increase of $33 million, based on the filed future test year.
•roe of 9.5%.
•equity ratio of 54.7%.
•the reflection in rates of the retirement of tolk generation station from 2034 to 2028.
2023 texas electric rate case - in 2023, sps filed a texas electric rate case seeking an increase in base rate revenue of $158 million (14%). the request was based on a roe of 10.65%, an equity ratio of 54.6% and rate base of $3.6 billion. sps requested a surcharge from july 13, 2023 through the effective date of new base rates.
•a base rate increase of $65 million effective back to july 13, 2023.
•a 9.55% roe, a 54.51% equity ratio and a 7.11% wacc for purposes of calculating sps' allowance for funds used during construction.
•the reflection in rates of the retirement of tolk generation station from 2034 to 2028.
a puct decision is expected in the first half of 2024.
sps and lp&l termination - sps and lp&l were parties to a 25-year, 170 mw partial requirements contract serving lp&l. in may 2021, sps and lp&l finalized a settlement which terminated the contract upon lp&l's move from the spp to the ercot. based on the approved de-escalation clause, lp&l paid sps $66 million in january 2024 to the benefit of sps' remaining customers.
2022 all-source rfp - in july 2023, sps filed for approval of ccn for a recommended generation portfolio, which includes 418 mw of self-build solar projects and a 36 mw battery. a decision from puct and nmprc is expected in mid-2024.
the second portion of the portfolio includes a november 2023 filing for the approval of ppas including 48 mw of battery energy storage and 230 mw of existing gas generation. regulatory decisions on these ppa agreements are expected in q3 2024.
new mexico resource plan - in october 2023, sps filed its irp with the nmprc, which supports projected load growth and secures replacement energy and capacity for retiring resources. based on load forecast scenarios, sps' initial irp modeling projects a total resource need ranging from approximately 5,300 mw to 10,200 mw by 2030. upon acceptance of the irp, sps expects to issue an rfp for new generation in mid-2024. the rfp will be evaluated in the latter half of 2024 with portfolio selection expected in early 2025.
purchased power arrangements and transmission service providers sps expects to use electric generating stations, power purchases, dsm and new generation options to meet its system capacity requirements.
purchased power - sps purchases power from other utilities and ipps. long-term purchased power contracts typically require periodic capacity and energy charges. sps also makes short-term purchases to meet system load and energy requirements to replace owned generation, meet operating reserve obligations or obtain energy at a lower cost.
purchased transmission services - sps has contractual arrangements with spp and regional transmission service providers to deliver power and energy to its native load customers.
natural gas sps does not provide retail natural gas service, but purchases and transports natural gas for its generation facilities and operates limited natural gas pipeline facilities connecting the generation facilities to interstate natural gas pipelines. sps is subject to the jurisdiction of the ferc with respect to natural gas transactions in interstate commerce and the phmsa, dot and puct for pipeline safety compliance.
wholesale and commodity marketing operations sps conducts various wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy related products. sps uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and to hedge sales and purchases. sharing of any margin is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the ferc approved joint operating agreement.
other supply chain xcel energy's ability to meet customer energy requirements, respond to storm-related disruptions, and execute our capital expenditure program are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to the scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. inflationary pressures, labor shortages, and the impact of geopolitical events have further exacerbated these disruptions. xcel energy continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work.
additionally, certain products, components, and equipment, particularly in renewables categories, originate in countries that could face tariffs, fines, or restrictions from government or other regulatory bodies and present a cost and supply risk until there is sufficient capacity and supply base with adequate capacity to meet us needs.
electric meters and transformers supply chain issues associated with semiconductors delayed the availability of ami meters, which led to a reduced number of meters deployed in 2022. xcel energy saw significant improvement in meter availability in 2023 and we expect normal conditions in 2024 and going forward. xcel energy expects to complete ami meter deployment in 2025.
additionally, the availability of certain transformers is an industry-wide issue that has significantly impacted and in some cases resulted in delays to projects and new customer connections. proposed governmental actions related to transformer efficiency standards may compound these delays in the future. xcel energy continues to seek alternative suppliers and prioritize work plans to mitigate the impacts of supply constraints.
solar resources in august 2023, the u.s. department of commerce completed its anti-circumvention investigation. it concluded that cspv solar panels and cells imported from malaysia, vietnam, thailand, and cambodia would be subject to incremental tariffs ranging from 50% to 250%. these countries account for more than 80% of cspv panel imports.
an interim stay on tariffs remains in effect until june 2024. many significant solar projects have resumed with modified costs and projected in-service dates, including the sherco solar facility in minnesota and certain ppas in psco. further policy action, a change in the interim stay of tariffs, or other restrictions on solar imports (e.g., due to implementation of the uyghur forced labor protection act) or disruptions in solar imports from key suppliers could impact project timelines and costs.
new technology and government grants hydrogen hub grant in october 2023, the doe selected the heartland hydrogen hub, including multiple clean hydrogen projects from xcel energy, for award negotiations to receive up to $925 million. the heartland hydrogen hub is one of seven selected to receive doe funding. the hub includes xcel energy, marathon petroleum corporation and tc energy, in collaboration with the university of north dakota's energy & environmental resource center, to produce and use low-carbon hydrogen at commercial scale in minnesota, wisconsin, south dakota, north dakota and montana. the hub aims to reduce carbon emissions by more than 1 million metric tons per year. xcel energy expects to receive a large portion of the federal award for its projects within the hub, subject to negotiations. in its application, xcel energy proposed investing up to $2 billion over a decade for clean hydrogen producing equipment and infrastructure, representing 75% of full program costs for the company's portion of the hub. project detailed design will begin after the heartland hydrogen hub finishes award negotiations. project development will likely continue through 2035.
form energy long duration storage grant in september 2023, the doe awarded xcel energy a $70 million grant to support our two 10 mw, 100-hour battery pilots with form energy. xcel energy expects to develop a 10 mw 100-hour-battery storage unit at the sherco retiring coal plant site in minnesota and the comanche retiring coal plant site in colorado. combined with grants from breakthrough energy's catalyst fund, xcel energy has secured $90 million to support these pilots, which will reduce the costs of the projects for our customers. long duration energy storage systems are critical to achieve 100% carbon free generation and strengthen the grid from the variability of renewable energy.
wildfire/extreme weather grant in october 2023, the doe awarded xcel energy $100 million to support projects to mitigate the threat of wildfires and ensure resiliency of the grid through extreme weather. xcel energy plans to match the grant with $140 million of investment. the projects will take a number of steps to boost grid resiliency, including adding fire-resistant coatings to 6,000 wood poles, improving equipment safety features in power lines and electric vehicle chargers in high fire risk conditions, moving high-risk distribution circuits underground, and enhancing vegetation management. they will also build on current programs using emerging technology, such as drones aided by artificial intelligence that inspect power lines for safety, wind strength testing, satellite identification of trees that pose a risk and modeling software to predict how fires would spread.
joint targeted interconnection queue (jtiq) grant in october 2023, the doe awarded a $464 million grant to xcel energy and several other utilities for five jtiq projects. the projects are part of a collaboration between miso and spp that will help to fund the construction of high-voltage transmission lines that improve reliability and resolve constraints in the transmission system for up to 30 gigawatts of new generation. xcel energy is part of two of these project awards.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the application of accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges and anticipated recovery of costs. these judgments could materially impact the consolidated financial statements, based on varying assumptions. in addition, the financial and operating environment also may have a significant effect on the operation of the business and results reported.
accounting policies and estimates that are most significant to xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, and require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments are outlined below. each of these has a higher likelihood of resulting in materially different reported amounts under different conditions or using different assumptions. each critical accounting policy has been reviewed and discussed with the audit committee of xcel energy inc.'s board of directors on a quarterly basis.
regulatory accounting xcel energy is subject to the accounting for regulated operations, which provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if it is probable that such rates will be charged and collected. our rates are derived through the ratemaking process, which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows.
regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because future recovery from customers is probable. regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. in other businesses or industries, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities would generally be charged to net income or other comprehensive income.
each reporting period we assess the probability of future recoveries and obligations associated with regulatory assets and liabilities. factors such as the current regulatory environment, recently issued rate orders and historical precedents are considered. decisions made by regulatory agencies can directly impact the amount and timing of cost recovery as well as the rate of return on invested capital, and may materially impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
as of dec. 31, 2023 and 2022, xcel energy had regulatory assets of $3.4 billion and $3.9 billion, respectively and regulatory liabilities of $6.4 billion and $6.0 billion, respectively. each subsidiary is subject to regulation that varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. if future recovery of costs in any such jurisdiction is no longer probable, xcel energy would be required to charge these assets to current net income or other comprehensive income.
at dec. 31, 2023, in assessing the probability of recovery of recognized regulatory assets, unless otherwise disclosed, xcel energy noted no current or anticipated proposals or changes in the regulatory environment that it expects will materially impact the recovery of the assets.
see notes 4 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
income tax accruals judgment, uncertainty and estimates are a significant aspect of the income tax accrual process that accounts for the effects of current and deferred income taxes. uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations and outcomes of tax audits and appeals require that judgment and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of the etr.
changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our future etr. etr calculations are revised every quarter based on best available year-end tax assumptions, adjusted in the following year after returns are filed. tax accrual estimates are trued-up to the actual amounts claimed on the tax returns and further adjusted after examinations by taxing authorities, as needed.
in accordance with the interim period reporting guidance, income tax expense for the first three quarters in a year is based on the forecasted annual etr. the forecasted etr reflects a number of estimates, including forecasted annual income, permanent tax adjustments and tax credits.
valuation allowances are applied to deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that at least a portion may not be realized. accounting for income taxes also requires that only tax benefits that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold can be recognized or continue to be recognized.
we may adjust our unrecognized tax benefits and interest accruals as disputes with the irs and state tax authorities are resolved, and as new developments occur. these adjustments may increase or decrease earnings.
see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
employee benefits we sponsor several noncontributory, defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans that cover almost all employees and certain retirees. projected benefit costs are based on historical information and actuarial calculations that include key assumptions (annual return level on pension and postretirement health care investment assets, discount rates, mortality rates and health care cost trend rates, etc.). in addition, the pension cost calculation uses a methodology to reduce the volatility of investment performance over time. pension assumptions are continually reviewed.
at dec. 31, 2023, xcel energy set the rate of return on assets used to measure pension costs at 6.93%, which is unchanged from the rate set at dec. 31, 2022. the rate of return used to measure postretirement health care costs is 5.00% at dec. 31, 2023, which is unchanged from the rate set in 2022. xcel energy's pension investment strategy includes plan-specific investments that seek to align the investment allocations to optimize risk adjusted return and interest rate risk management based on factors that include the plan's funded status. this strategy generally results in a greater percentage of interest rate sensitive securities being allocated to plans with higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having lower funded status ratios.
xcel energy set the discount rates used to value the pension obligations and postretirement health care obligations at 5.49% and 5.54% at dec. 31, 2023, respectively. this represents a 31 basis point and 26 basis point decrease, respectively, from 2022. xcel energy uses a bond matching study as its primary basis for determining the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement health care obligations. the bond matching study utilizes a portfolio of high grade (aa or higher) bonds that matches the expected cash flows of xcel energy's benefit plans in amount and duration.
the effective yield on this cash flow matched bond portfolio determines the discount rate for the individual plans. the bond matching study is validated for reasonableness against the bank of america us corporate 15+ bond index. in addition, xcel energy reviews general actuarial survey data to assess the reasonableness of the discount rate selected.
if xcel energy were to use alternative assumptions, a 1% change would result in the following impact on 2023 pension costs:
(millions of dollars)                  +1%                             -1%
rate of return (a)                     $(10)                       $26
(a)these costs include the effects of regulation.
mortality rates are developed from actual and projected plan experience for pension plan and postretirement benefits. xcel energy's actuary conducts an experience study periodically to determine an estimate of mortality. xcel energy considers standard mortality tables, improvement factors and the plans actual experience when selecting a best estimate.
as of dec. 31, 2023, the initial medical trend cost claim assumptions for pre-65 was 6.5% and post-65 was 5.5%. the ultimate trend assumption remained at 4.5% for both pre-65 and post-65 claims costs. xcel energy bases its medical trend assumption on the long-term cost inflation expected in the health care market, considering the levels projected and recommended by industry experts, as well as recent actual medical cost experienced by xcel energy's retiree medical plan.
funding contributions in 2023 were $50 million and will remain relatively consistent in future years, with the exception of 2024, when xcel energy plans on making a higher contributions as a result of the voluntary retirement program offering in 2023. investment returns were more than the assumed levels in 2023 and 2021, but were less than the assumed levels in 2022.
the pension cost calculation uses a market-related valuation of pension assets. xcel energy uses a calculated value method to determine the market-related value of the plan assets. the market-related value is determined by adjusting the fair market value of assets at the beginning of the year to reflect the investment gains and losses (the difference between the actual investment return and the expected investment return on the market-related value) during each of the previous five years at the rate of 20% per year.
as differences between actual and expected investment returns are incorporated into the market-related value, amounts are recognized in pension cost over the expected average remaining years of service for active employees (approximately 13 years in 2023).
xcel energy currently projects the pension costs recognized for financial reporting purposes will be $59 million in 2024 and $61 million in 2025, while the actual pension costs were $74 million in 2023 and $114 in 2022. the expected decrease in 2024 is primarily due to reductions in the effects or regulations.
pension funding contributions across all four of xcel energy's pension plans, both voluntary and required, for 2021 - 2024:
future amounts may change based on actual market performance, changes in interest rates and any changes in governmental regulations. therefore, additional contributions could be required in the future. xcel energy contributed $11 million, $13 million and $15 million during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to the postretirement health care plans. xcel energy expects to contribute approximately $11 million during 2024. xcel energy recovers employee benefits costs in its utility operations consistent with accounting guidance with the exception of the areas noted below.
•in 2021, the pscw approved nsp-wisconsin's request for deferred accounting treatment of the 2021 pension settlement accounting expense. escrow accounting treatment was also approved for ongoing pension and other post-employment benefit expenses, including settlement charges.
•regulatory commissions in texas, new mexico and ferc jurisdictions allow the recovery of other postretirement benefit costs only to the extent that recognized expense is matched by cash contributions to an irrevocable trust. xcel energy has consistently funded at a level to allow full recovery of costs in these jurisdictions.
•psco is required to create a regulatory liability that adjusts the annual post-retirement benefits amount to zero in order to match the amount collected in rates.
•psco and sps recognize pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions based on gaap. the texas and colorado electric retail jurisdictions and the colorado gas retail jurisdiction, each record the difference between annual recognized pension expense and the annual amount of pension expense approved in their last respective general rate case as a deferral to a regulatory asset.
see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
nuclear decommissioning xcel energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, xcel energy estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. when xcel energy revises any assumptions, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and related long-lived asset. aro liabilities are accreted to reflect the passage of time using the interest method.
a significant portion of xcel energy's aros relates to the future decommissioning of nsp-minnesota's nuclear facilities. the nuclear decommissioning obligation is funded by the external decommissioning trust fund. difference between regulatory funding (including depreciation expense less returns from the external trust fund) and expense recognized is deferred as a regulatory asset. the amounts recorded for aros related to future nuclear decommissioning were $2.1 billion in 2023 and $2.2 billion in 2022.
nsp-minnesota obtains periodic independent cost studies to estimate the cost and timing of planned nuclear decommissioning activities. estimates of future cash flows are highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. nsp-minnesota is required to file a nuclear decommissioning filing every three years. the filing covers all expenses for the decommissioning of the nuclear plants, including decontamination and removal of radioactive material.
timing - decommissioning cost estimates are impacted by each facility's retirement date and timing of the actual decommissioning activities. estimated retirement dates coincide with the approved retirement dates which can be different than the expiration dates of each unit's operating license with the nrc (i.e., 2030 for monticello and 2033 and 2034 for pi's unit 1 and 2, respectively).
in april 2022, the company received approval from the mpuc, in the integrated resource plan, to pursue extending the operating life of the monticello nuclear generating plant by ten years from 2030 to 2040. this life extension is subject to nrc approval of monticello's nuclear license extension request.
the retirement dates of the prairie island unit 1 and unit 2 remain unchanged, 2033 and 2034 respectively. the estimated timing of the decommissioning activities is based upon the decon method, which assumes prompt removal and dismantlement. decommissioning activities are expected to begin at the commission approved retirement date and be completed for both facilities by 2101.
technology and regulation - there is limited experience with actual decommissioning of large nuclear facilities. changes in technology, experience and regulations could cause cost estimates to change significantly.
escalation rates - escalation rates represent projected cost increases due to general inflation and increases in the cost of decommissioning activities. nsp-minnesota used an escalation rate of 3.2% in calculating the aro for nuclear decommissioning of its nuclear facilities, based on weighted averages of labor and non-labor escalation factors calculated by goldman sachs asset management.
discount rates - changes in timing or estimated cash flows that result in upward revisions to the aro are calculated using the then-current credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect when the change occurs is used to discount the revised estimate of the incremental expected cash flows of the retirement activity.
if the change in timing or estimated expected cash flows results in a downward revision of the aro, the undiscounted revised estimate of expected cash flows is discounted using the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the date of initial measurement and recognition of the original aro. discount rates ranging from approximately 3% to 7% have been used to calculate the net present value of the expected future cash flows over time.
significant uncertainties exist in estimating future costs including the method to be utilized, ultimate costs to decommission and planned method of disposing spent fuel. if different cost estimates, life assumptions or cost escalation rates were utilized, the aros could change materially.
however, changes in estimates have minimal impact on results of operations as nsp-minnesota expects to continue to recover all costs in future rates.
nsp-minnesota continually makes judgments and estimates related to these critical accounting policy areas, based on an evaluation of the assumptions and uncertainties for each area. the information and assumptions of these judgments and estimates will be affected by events beyond the control of xcel energy, or otherwise change over time.
this may require adjustments to recorded results to better reflect updated information that becomes available. the accompanying financial statements reflect management's best estimates and judgments of the impact of these factors as of dec. 31, 2023.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
loss contingencies - marshall fire the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against xcel energy related to the marshall fire are subject to uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued if it is probable of being incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. each reporting period we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. the process for evaluating any wildfire-related liabilities requires a series of complex judgments about past and future events. factors such as the cause of the wildfire, the extent and magnitude of potential damages, and the status of investigations and legal proceedings are considered. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
derivatives, risk management and market risk we are exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value for a particular instrument or commodity. all financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk.
xcel energy is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. in addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. while we expect that the counterparties will perform on the contracts underlying our derivatives, the contracts expose us to credit and non-performance risk.
distress in the financial markets may impact counterparty risk and the fair value of the securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and pension fund.
commodity price risk - we are exposed to commodity price risk in our electric and natural gas operations. commodity price risk is managed by entering into long and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and fuels used in generation and distribution activities.
commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. our risk management policy allows us to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation per commission approved hedge plans.
wholesale and commodity trading risk - xcel energy conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. our risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by our risk management committee.
fair value of net commodity trading contracts as of dec. 31, 2023:
futures / forwards maturity
(millions of dollars)                  less than                        1 to 3 years                  4 to 5 years            greater than                  total
(millions of dollars)                  less than                  1 to 3 years                        4 to 5 years            greater than                       total fair value
changes in the fair value of commodity trading contracts before the impacts of margin-sharing for the years ended dec. 31:
(millions of dollars)                                                                     2023                  2022
fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at jan. 1                   $(10)                 $(33)
commodity trading contract additions and changes during the period                       13                    38
fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at dec. 31                     $1                 $(10)
a 10% increase and 10% decrease in forward market prices for xcel energy's commodity trading contracts would have likewise increased and decreased pretax income from continuing operations, by approximately $4 million at dec. 31, 2023 and $8 million at dec. 31, 2022. market price movements can exceed 10% under abnormal circumstances.
xcel energy's' commodity trading operations measure the outstanding risk exposure to price changes on contracts and obligations using an industry standard methodology known as var. var expresses the potential change in fair value of the outstanding contracts and obligations over a particular period of time under normal market conditions.
(millions of dollars)            year ended dec. 31                  average                      high   low
nuclear fuel supply - nsp-minnesota has contracted for its 2024 through 2027 enriched nuclear material requirements, which are in various stages of processing in canada, europe and the united states. nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 29% of its average enriched nuclear material requirements from russia through 2030. given the evolving situation in ukraine and its global impacts, we have entered into additional new contracts that cover potential supply interruptions of nuclear material from russia.
interest rate risk - xcel energy is subject to interest rate risk. our risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives.
a 100 basis point change in the benchmark rate on xcel energy's variable rate debt would impact pretax interest expense annually by approximately $9 million and $8 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
nsp-minnesota maintains a nuclear decommissioning fund, as required by the nrc. the nuclear decommissioning fund is subject to interest rate and equity price risk. the fund is invested in a diversified portfolio of debt securities, equity securities and other investments. these investments may be used only for the purpose of decommissioning nsp-minnesota's nuclear generating plants.
fluctuations in equity prices or interest rates affecting the nuclear decommissioning fund do not have a direct impact on earnings due to the application of regulatory accounting. realized and unrealized gains on the decommissioning fund investments are deferred as an offset of nsp-minnesota's regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning costs.
the value of pension and postretirement plan assets and benefit costs are impacted by changes in discount rates and expected return on plan assets. xcel energy's ongoing pension and postretirement investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to optimize potential investment risk and minimize interest rate risk associated with changes in the obligations as a plan's funded status increases over time. the impacts of fluctuations in interest rates on pension and postretirement costs are mitigated by pension cost calculation methodologies and regulatory mechanisms that minimize the earnings impacts of such changes.
credit risk - xcel energy is also exposed to credit risk. credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties' nonperformance on their contractual obligations. xcel energy maintains credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitors these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations.
at dec. 31, 2023, a 10% increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $27 million, while a decrease in prices of 10% would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of $24 million. at dec. 31, 2022, a 10% increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $56 million, while a decrease in prices of 10% would have resulted in an decrease in credit exposure of $47 million.
xcel energy conducts credit reviews for all wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity counterparties and employs credit risk controls, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, master netting agreements and termination provisions.
credit exposure is monitored, and when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. distress in the financial markets could increase our credit risk.
fair value measurements derivative contracts, with the exception of those designated as normal purchases and normal sales, are reported at fair value. xcel energy's investments held in the nuclear decommissioning fund, rabbi trusts, pension and other postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. see notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows operating cash flows
(millions of dollars)                                                            twelve months ended dec. 31
cash provided by operating activities - 2022                                              $3,932
components of change - 2023 vs. 2022
changes in working capital                                                                   900
changes in net regulatory and other assets and liabilities                                   372
cash provided by operating activities - 2023                                              $5,327
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1,395 million for 2023 as compared to 2022. the increase was largely due to continued collections of prior year deferred net natural gas, fuel and purchased energy costs, as well as the impact of decreased natural gas prices on accounts payable and receivables.
(millions of dollars)                           twelve months ended dec. 31
components of change - 2023 vs. 2022
increased capital expenditures                  (1,216)
net cash used in investing activities increased by $1,273 million for 2023 as compared to 2022. the increase in capital expenditures was largely due to continued system expansion.
(millions of dollars)                                             twelve months ended dec. 31
components of change - 2023 vs. 2022
higher debt issuances, net of repayments                                       80
lower proceeds from issuance of common stock                                 (52)
net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $49 million for 2023 as compared to 2022. the decrease was largely related to the amount/timing of debt issuances and repayments.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
capital requirements xcel energy has contractual obligations and other commitments that will need to be funded in the future. xcel energy expects to have adequate amounts of cash from operating and financing activities to meet both its short-term and long-term cash requirements. xcel energy's financing requirements are dependent on both existing contractual obligations and other commitments, as well as projected capital forecasts. xcel energy expects to meet future financing requirements by periodically issuing short-term debt, long-term debt, common stock, hybrid and other securities to maintain desired capitalization ratios. projected future financing requirements can be impacted by various factors including constraints to supply chain and labor, regulatory lag and inflation.
material cash requirements and other commitments payments due by period (as of dec. 31, 2023)
(millions of dollars)                                                           total                    less than 1 year                     1 to 3 years                     3 to 5 years                    after 5 years long-term debt, principal and interest payments                           $43,659                          $1,567                            $3,631                           $3,564                          $34,897
operating leases obligations (a)                                            1,520                             277                               509                              313                              421
(a)included in operating lease obligations are $244 million, $461 million, $269 million and $259 million, for the less than 1 year, 1 - 3 years, 3 - 5 years and after 5 years categories, respectively, pertaining to ppas that were accounted for as operating leases.
(b)xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries have contracts providing for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its fuel (nuclear, natural gas and coal) requirements. additionally, the utility subsidiaries of xcel energy inc. have entered into non-lease purchase power agreements. certain contractual purchase obligations are adjusted on indices. effects of price changes are mitigated through cost of energy adjustment mechanisms.
(c)amounts exclude approximately $1 billion of minimum payments related to sps' extension of a non-lease ppa that otherwise expires in 2026, pending puct and nmprc approvals to extend the agreement to 2039. approval processes are expected to conclude in 2024.
(d)primarily consists of contracts for information technology services.
capital expenditures - base capital expenditures and incremental capital forecasts:
actual                                                                                                                                  base capital forecast (millions of dollars)
total base capital expenditures                    $6,210                    $7,420                      $9,280                      $7,940                      $7,600                      $6,760                         $39,000
actual                                                                                                                                  base capital forecast (millions of dollars)
electric generation                                   780                       940                       1,290                       1,050                       1,060                         600                           4,940
total base capital expenditures                    $6,210                    $7,420                      $9,280                      $7,940                      $7,600                      $6,760                         $39,000
the base plan does not include potential renewable generation additions at the nsp system, sps and psco, which could result in additional capital expenditures of approximately $5 billion. xcel energy generally expects to fund additional capital investment with approximately 40% equity and 60% debt.
xcel energy's capital expenditure forecast is subject to continuing review and modification. actual capital expenditures may vary from estimates due to changes in electric and natural gas projected load growth, safety and reliability needs, regulatory decisions, legislative initiatives (e.g., federal clean energy and tax policy), reserve requirements, availability of purchased power, alternative plans for meeting long-term energy needs, environmental initiatives and regulation, and merger, acquisition and divestiture opportunities.
financing for capital expenditures through 2028 - xcel energy issues debt and equity securities to refinance retiring maturities, reduce short-term debt, fund capital programs, infuse equity in subsidiaries, fund asset acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes.
current estimated financing plans of xcel energy for 2024 through 2028 (includes the impact of tax credit transferability):
(millions of dollars)
funding capital expenditures cash from operations (a)                                      $22,000
equity through the drip and benefit program        500
base capital expenditures 2024 - 2028                         $39,000
(a)net of dividends and pension funding.
(b)reflects a combination of short and long-term debt; net of refinancing.
off-balance sheet arrangements xcel energy does not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements, other than those currently disclosed, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
common stock dividends - future dividend levels will be dependent on xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reinvestment opportunities and other factors, and will be evaluated by the xcel energy inc. board of directors. in february 2024, xcel energy announced an increase in the annual dividend of 11 cents per share, which represents an increase of 5.3%.
•projected cash generation.
•projected capital investment.
•a reasonable rate of return on shareholder investment.
•the impact on xcel energy's capital structure and credit ratings.
in addition, there are certain statutory limitations that could affect dividend levels. federal law places limits on the ability of public utilities within a holding company to declare dividends. under the federal power act, a public utility may not pay dividends from any funds properly included in a capital account. the utility subsidiaries' dividends may be limited directly or indirectly by state regulatory commissions or bond indenture covenants.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
pension fund - xcel energy's pension assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of domestic and international equity securities, short-term to long-duration fixed income securities and alternative investments, including private equity, real estate and hedge funds.
(millions of dollars)                  dec. 31, 2023        dec. 31, 2022
fair value of pension assets           $2,690               $2,685
(a)excludes non-qualified plan of $12 million and $11 million at dec. 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
expected long-term rate of return                 6.93               6.93
capital sources short-term funding sources - xcel energy generally funds short-term needs, through operating cash flows, notes payable, commercial paper and bank lines of credit. the amount and timing of short-term funding needs depend on construction expenditures, working capital and dividend payments.
short-term debt - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps each have individual commercial paper programs. authorized levels for these commercial paper programs are:
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
credit facility agreements - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, psco and sps each have the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility for two additional one-year periods. nsp-wisconsin has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility for an additional year. all extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval.
as of feb. 20, 2024, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries had the following committed credit facilities available to meet liquidity needs:
(millions of dollars)                        facility (a)                  drawn (b)                  available                 cash                  liquidity xcel energy inc.                            $1,500                        $486                     $1,014                     $2                   $1,016
(b)includes outstanding commercial paper and letters of credit.
registration statements - xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of one billion shares of $2.50 par value common stock. as of dec. 31, 2023 and 2022, xcel energy had approximately 555 million shares and 550 million shares of common stock outstanding, respectively.
issuer                  security                                    amount (millions of dollars)         anticipated timing             expected tenor xcel energy inc.        senior unsecured notes                                  $900                          first quarter                    10 year psco                    first mortgage bonds                                   1,200                         second quarter        10 year and 30 year nsp-minnesota           first mortgage bonds                                                 700              first quarter                    30 year sps                     first mortgage bonds                                                 550             second quarter                    30 year nsp-wisconsin           first mortgage bonds                                                 400             second quarter                    30 year long-term borrowings, equity issuances and other financing instruments - xcel energy may issue equity through its at-the-market program or other offerings. financing plans are subject to change, depending on capital expenditures, regulatory outcomes, internal cash generation, market conditions, changes in tax policies and other factors.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
earnings guidance and long-term eps and dividend growth rate objectives xcel energy 2024 earnings guidance - xcel energy's 2024 ongoing earnings guidance is a range of $3.50 to $3.60 per share.(a)
key assumptions as compared with 2023 actual levels unless noted:
•normal weather patterns for the remainder of the year.
•weather-normalized retail firm natural gas sales are projected to be flat.
•capital rider revenue is projected to increase $70 million to $80 million (net of ptcs).
•interest expense (net of afudc - debt) is projected to increase $130 million to $140 million, net of interest income.
•etr is projected to be ~(4%) to (6%). the negative etr is largely offset by ptcs flowing back to customers in the capital riders and fuel mechanisms and is largely earnings neutral. the projected etr does not reflect the potential impact of nuclear ptcs, which are also expected to flow back to customers.
(a)ongoing earnings is calculated using net income and adjusting for certain nonrecurring or infrequent items that are, in management's view, not reflective of ongoing operations. ongoing earnings could differ from those prepared in accordance with gaap for unplanned and/or unknown adjustments. as xcel energy is unable to quantify the financial impacts of any additional adjustments that may occur for the year, we are unable to provide a quantitative reconciliation of the guidance for ongoing eps to corresponding gaap eps.
long-term eps and dividend growth rate objectives - xcel energy expects to deliver an attractive total return to our shareholders through a combination of earnings growth and dividend yield, based on the following long-term objectives:
• deliver long-term annual eps growth of 5% to 7% based off of a 2023 actual ongoing earnings base of $3.35 per share.
•    deliver annual dividend increases of 5% to 7%.
• target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60%.