Starbucks actively manages its cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on its borrowings, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. In the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we paid $2.8 billion for the Kraft arbitration matter that was accrued in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, fully extinguishing the litigation charge liability. Our $750 million unsecured, revolving credit facility with various banks, of which $150 million may be used for issuances of letters of credit, is available for working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes, including acquisitions and share repurchases, and under our commercial paper program amounts outstanding may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes, including acquisitions and share repurchases. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses in those respective markets as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. As described further in note 18, subsequent event, in September 2014 we entered into a tender offer bid agreement with Starbucks Japan and our joint venture partner, Sazaby League, Ltd., to acquire the remaining 60.5% ownership interest in Starbucks Japan for approximately $893 million, through a two-step tender offer. Other than normal operating expenses and funding the acquisition of Starbucks Japan for approximately $893 million, cash requirements for fiscal 2015 are expected to consist primarily of capital expenditures for new company-operated stores; remodeling and refurbishment of, and equipment upgrades for, existing company-operated stores; systems and technology investments in the stores and in the support infrastructure; and additional investments in manufacturing capacity. Under our market price risk management policy, market-based risks are quantified and evaluated for potential mitigation strategies, such as entering into hedging transactions. Commodity price risk represents Starbucks’ primary market risk, generated by our purchases of green coffee and dairy products, among other items, and we use a combination of pricing features embedded within supply contracts and financial derivatives to manage our commodity price risk exposure, such as fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed contracts for coffee purchases. To reduce cash flow volatility from foreign currency fluctuations, we enter into derivative instruments to hedge portions of cash flows of anticipated revenue streams and inventory purchases in currencies other than our functional currency, the U.S. dollar, as well as the translation risk of certain balance sheet items, and we also monitor and limit the amount of associated counterparty credit risk. We expect to continue to drive revenue growth and margin expansion through new stores and continued product innovation, targeted at driving growth across all geographies and all dayparts.