We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities, and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications, and email. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, employee malfeasance, user errors, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events. We also rely upon external cloud providers for certain infrastructure activities. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in the information technology systems that involve our internal communications or our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. We may also be subject to security breaches of our information technology systems and certain of our products caused by viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties or our employees or contractors. Our security measures or those of our third-party service providers may not detect or prevent security breaches, defects, bugs, or errors. Additionally, we provide our confidential and proprietary information to our strategic partners in certain cases where doing so is necessary to conduct our business. While we employ confidentiality agreements to protect such information, nonetheless those third parties may also be subject to security breaches or otherwise compromise the protection of such information. Security breaches of our information technology systems or those of our partners could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential and proprietary information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage. The success of the acquisition, including the achievement of anticipated benefits and cost savings of the acquisition, is subject to a number of uncertainties and will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate linear's business into our business in an efficient and effective manner, including integrating personnel, IT systems, and corporate, finance, and administrative infrastructures of the two companies while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and services. Our ability to generate new design opportunities and win competitive bid selection processes is dependent on our management capability and the effective deployment of our technology resources. We continue to monitor global macroeconomic conditions and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency, as well as a better alignment of expenses with revenues. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. Our growth is also dependent on our ability to identify and penetrate new markets where we have limited experience and competition is intense. The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns, and our business and certain of the end markets we serve are also subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. The ability to effectively manage our cost structure in both the short term and over a longer duration is critical to our operational flexibility and overall performance.