AEP's performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, which involves many risks, including information technology failure that impairs AEP's information technology infrastructure or disrupts normal business operations. Information technology failure that affects AEP's ability to access customer information or causes loss of confidential or proprietary data materially and adversely affects AEP's reputation or exposes AEP to legal claims. AEP and its regulated utility businesses face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, which are dependent on information technology systems. The computer systems that run these facilities are not completely isolated from external networks, making them targets for cyber attacks. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control generation, transmission, distribution, or other assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing service to customers or collection of revenues. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny, and damage to AEP's reputation. Furthermore, the breach of certain business systems could affect the ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. AEP's business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including modernizing existing infrastructure, which is essential for maintaining operational efficiency and competitive advantage. Changes in technology and regulatory policies may lower the value of electric utility facilities and franchises, challenging AEP's ability to maintain relatively low-cost, efficient, and reliable operations. AEP's management believes that its experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives it an advantage over competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that regulatory bodies will authorize new transmission projects or will award such projects to AEP. The ability to obtain adequate and timely recovery of costs associated with operations, including those related to information technology, is not assured. AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if it is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions, which includes compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cybersecurity standards. AEP's reliance on access to capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows indicates the importance of strategic resource allocation in supporting its operational and technological capabilities. The company's operational flexibility is critical in responding to market dynamics and external influences, which may impact its investment decisions and overall firm capability. AEP's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force.