The company's success depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. The company is in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing its business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge the company's complex integrated environment. The company's success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner. If the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems, the company's operations and reputation could be adversely affected. The company has made significant investments in the aflac brand over a long period of time. Because insurance products are intangible, the company's ability to compete for and maintain policyholders relies to a large extent on consumer trust in the company's business. The perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor the commitments it has made to its policyholders. Maintaining the company's stature as a trustworthy insurer and responsible corporate citizen is critical to the company's reputation, and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect the company's brand value, financial condition, and results of operations. The company faces the potential of competition from existing or new companies in the United States and Japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry, but some of which have greater financial, marketing, and management resources than the company does. Failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate the company's products and services can affect the company's ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business. Furthermore, as employers and brokers are increasingly requesting a full suite of products from one insurance provider, a failure to react and adapt to these demands could result in decreased sales or market share. Similarly, a failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in the company's technology could result in lower revenues and less favorable policy terms and conditions. The company is unable to predict with certainty how libor elimination may impact markets, pricing, liquidity, and other factors or the company's activities. The company relies on third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide information technology and data services. The company also relies on various parties in its distribution channels including agencies, banks, and Japan Post in Japan, as well as sales associates and brokers in the United States, to provide services to prospective and existing customers. The company has determined that the unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated investment portfolio acts as a natural economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan against erosion of economic value. However, the unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated investment portfolio at the same time creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and subjects aflac japan to volatility in regulatory capital and earnings, which may adversely impact aflac japan's ability to pay dividends to the parent company. The company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The company's overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted in a persistent low-interest-rate environment. The company generally seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports.