Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems to perform necessary business functions. These functions include providing insurance or reinsurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering life and annuity products and mutual funds, providing customer support, executing transactions and managing our investment portfolios. Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers and expose us to legal claims as well as regulatory investigations and sanctions. We must continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, ransomware, unauthorized access, misuse, denial-of-service attacks, system failures and disruptions. Our systems have in the past been, and will likely in the future be, subject to or targets of unauthorized or fraudulent access, including physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering, as well as attempted cyber and other security threats and other computer-related penetrations. The frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase. We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our electronic data systems and safeguard the security of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our technology systems for interacting with customers, brokers and employees. The complexity and interconnectedness of our systems and processes may increase the risk of a system or process failure or the creation of a gap in our security measures. Any such failure or gap could adversely affect our business operations and the advancement of our business or strategic initiatives. We recognize that climate change potentially poses a serious financial threat to society as a whole, with implications for the insurance industry in areas such as catastrophe risk perception, pricing and modeling assumptions, particularly if the frequency and severity of natural catastrophic events continue to increase. Our exposure to catastrophic-related loss depends on various factors, including the frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the rate of inflation and the value and geographic or other concentrations of insured companies and individuals. We have developed and continue to develop enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to mitigate risk and loss to which we are exposed. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our technology systems for interacting with customers, brokers and employees. The successful implementation of these initiatives may continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and acquisitions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. We strive to maintain all required licenses and approvals and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The application of and compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our businesses, operations and legal entities are subject to interpretation.