Our ability to apply technology effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools is critical. The future success of our organization depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat and opportunity presented by digital disruption and developments in technology. This includes new applications or insurance-related services based on artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, blockchain, or new approaches to data mining. We may be exposed to competitive risks related to the adoption and application of new technologies by established market participants or new entrants focused on using technology and innovation to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models, and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. Our operations are highly dependent on the continued and efficient functioning of our proprietary risk management information system, which provides clients with insurance claim settlement and administration services. A disruption affecting this system or any other infrastructure supporting our business could have a material adverse effect on our operations, cause reputational harm, and damage our client relationships. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, policies, and resources, and employee training. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further system protection measures could increase significantly as cybersecurity threats increase. Our reliance on information technology and third-party vendors to support our business activities, including the secure processing of confidential sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information, is essential. Cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems we rely on may result from various cyber-attacks or human error, which could lead to reputational harm, loss of clients and revenue, loss of proprietary data, regulatory actions, and scrutiny. We have historically acquired large numbers of insurance brokers and benefit consulting firms, and our acquisition program has been an important part of our historical growth. However, the integration of the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk, as we might not adequately identify weaknesses in the targets' information systems. Our ability to finance and integrate acquisitions may also decrease if we complete a greater number of large acquisitions than we have historically. The increase in technology expenses and the need to enhance our technology infrastructure are critical for maintaining operational efficiency and competitive advantage. We believe that our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by the growing desire of some clients to compensate brokers based on flat fees rather than variable commission rates, which could negatively impact our business. Our technology capabilities, including our IT architecture and governance, are essential for supporting our business strategies and enhancing our operational flexibility and efficiency.