In addition to the normal risks of business, significant risks and uncertainties apply to us as an insurer, investor, and provider of other products and financial services. Our property and casualty business may be exposed to catastrophic events, which could cause operating results to vary significantly from one period to the next, despite our catastrophe management programs. The incidence and severity of weather conditions are largely unpredictable, and there is generally an increase in the frequency and severity of auto and property claims when severe weather conditions occur. The accuracy of models used to assess and predict exposure to catastrophe losses may be negatively impacted by changing climate conditions, and such models do not necessarily accurately predict future losses or measure losses currently incurred. Our catastrophe management strategy may adversely affect premium growth due to catastrophe risk management efforts, and unexpected increases in the frequency or severity of claims may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The personal property-liability market is highly competitive, with carriers competing through advertising, price, and customer service. Companies can choose to alter underwriting standards, lower prices, and increase advertising, which could result in diminished growth or profitability. Changes in the level of price competition and the use of underwriting standards may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The accuracy of our pricing is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks, estimate losses, and comply with state insurance regulations. We depend heavily on computer systems, mathematical algorithms, and data to perform necessary business functions, and we collect, use, store, or transmit an increasingly large amount of confidential, proprietary, and other information in connection with the operation of our business. Despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, we are increasingly exposed to the risk that our computer systems could be subject to cyberattacks and unauthorized access. We have experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures, and disruptions. These risks may increase as we continue to expand internet and mobile strategies, develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our employees and customers, and build and maintain an integrated digital enterprise. Our cyber and information security program is continually enhanced to be resilient against emerging threats and improve our ability to detect and respond to unauthorized access attempts. We also perform ongoing assessments of the quality of our program and identify opportunities to strengthen our cybersecurity controls. The occurrence of a disaster, such as a natural catastrophe or cyberattack, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition. Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats, and we have business process and information technology operations in various countries that are subject to operating, regulatory, and political risks. We may be exposed to financial loss, disruption of business, regulatory assessments, and reputational harm due to misconduct or fraudulent acts by employees, agents, and third parties. We have implemented a risk management framework and a supporting system of internal controls designed to mitigate such exposures. However, the system of controls may not sufficiently contemplate all potential exposures, and the performance of these controls may not be consistently executed in a manner necessary to sufficiently mitigate these risks.