Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including technological changes and events, which could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. The profitability of our products and services depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, which are influenced by market conditions and client activity. Market downturns and volatility may cause potential new purchasers of our products to limit purchases or refrain from purchasing products, which could adversely impact our revenues. We believe that investment performance is an important factor in the success of many of our businesses, as poor investment performance could impair our revenues and earnings, as well as our prospects for growth. Our financial performance is also affected by the ability to attract and retain qualified people, as our continued success depends on our network of advisors to drive growth and results in our wealth management business. The market for these financial advisors and portfolio managers is extremely competitive, as are the markets for qualified and skilled executives and other professionals. Our businesses operate in intensely competitive industry segments, and we compete based on factors including service, the quality of investment advice, investment performance, product offerings, and perceived financial strength. Additionally, our operations and networks have been, and will continue to be, subject to evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential client or employee information, loss of proprietary information, and damage to our reputation. Maintaining the security and integrity of this information and these systems is critical to our business operations. Our business is reliant upon internal and third-party technology systems and networks to process, transmit, and store information, including sensitive client and proprietary information. We have implemented policies that require our franchisee advisors who control their own technology operations to establish and maintain corporate policies and procedures designed to protect sensitive information and respond to cybersecurity incidents. We routinely face and address threats, including phishing and spear phishing scams, social engineering attacks, and attempts at electronic break-ins. Any successful breaches or interference could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. Our financial strength ratings, which are important to maintain public confidence in our products, are subject to scrutiny by rating organizations that may increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews. Changes in the regulatory framework of the financial services industry and regulatory actions may also impact our operations, reputation, and financial condition. The ability to realize savings and other benefits from re-engineering and tax planning, as well as the impacts of competition and market dynamics, are critical to our strategic objectives. Our liquidity needs are satisfied primarily through our reserves and cash generated by our operations, and we believe that our level of cash and securities is adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term payment obligations. The establishment of reserves for future policy benefits and claims is an estimation process that requires significant judgment and is inherently uncertain. Changes in assumptions regarding mortality, morbidity, persistency, and interest rates could materially impact our financial condition and results of operations.