Our business is subject to government and tax regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational, reporting and compliance activities and to maintain our business records. Our computer systems, network operation centers or power systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. If our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, breached or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, including our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information, our tenants' network availability may be impacted or we could unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could result in a loss of revenue, damage our reputation, litigation, penalties under existing or future data privacy laws and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. Our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of these or other new technologies or changes in a tenant's business model could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We anticipate that revenues from our international operations will continue to grow. Our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including uncertain, inconsistent or changing laws, regulations, rulings or methodologies impacting our existing and anticipated international operations, fees or other requirements directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications sites or our international acquisitions. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next generation wireless technologies. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. The primary factors affecting the revenue growth of our property segments are growth in tenant billings, including new revenue attributable to leases in place on sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior-year period, and new revenue attributable to leasing additional space on our sites.