The security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. Our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances, our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability. Our information technology systems have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Each of these consequences could adversely affect our business, reputation, and our financial statements. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of information about our employees, vendors, and customers, as well as our proprietary information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States, particularly in higher-growth markets, which involve larger and more complex projects, including world-scale gasification projects, in regions where there is the potential for significant economic and political disruptions. We are actively investing significant capital and other resources in developing or high-growth markets, which present special risks. Our contracts in these locations may be subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. The operation of our facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control. Our operations are also subject to extensive government regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business, which can negatively impact our financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows.