The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Approximately 49% of the company's 2018 net sales came from sales to the communications industry, with 17% of the company's 2018 net sales coming from sales to the mobile devices market. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and there has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification, developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and its long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business, competing primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. Rapid technological changes occurring in the communications industry could also lead to the entry of new competitors of all sizes against whom the company may not be able to successfully compete. The company's failure to meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. The company has established policies and procedures designed to assist in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, and the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company's ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths.