Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. We are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for payment and financing products. Slow economic growth, volatile or deteriorating economic conditions, or shifts in broader consumer and business trends could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to borrow and pay amounts owed to us. The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union could adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with charge, credit, and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, paper-based transactions, bank transfer models, as well as evolving and growing alternative, non-traditional payment and financing providers. If we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, develop compelling value propositions for our customers, and effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments and emerging technologies, we may not be able to compete effectively. We may also face additional compliance and regulatory risks to the extent that we expand into new business areas, and we may need to dedicate more expense, time, and resources to comply with regulatory requirements than our competitors. Our business is subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on third-party providers for acquiring customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could harm our business. We have implemented an information security program and operating model designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. The uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our success, and a significant disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our ability to grow revenues net of interest expense could be impacted by weakening economic conditions, a decline in consumer confidence, and our inability to address competitive pressures and implement our strategies and business initiatives. We may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be negatively impacted. The management of multiple vendors increases our operational complexity and decreases our control. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over service providers could result in regulatory actions, fines, sanctions, or economic and reputational harm to us.