In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including those related to our operational and security systems or infrastructure, which are integral to our performance. Our operational and security systems infrastructure, including our computer systems, emerging technologies, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are critical to our ability to process transactions and provide services. We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations globally. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. Our businesses are highly dependent on the security, controls, and efficacy of our infrastructure, computer, and data management systems. Cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new and emerging technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. We manage information security risk in accordance with internal policies that govern our comprehensive information security program designed to protect the corporation by enabling preventative and detective measures to combat information and cybersecurity risks. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us, and we seek to effectively identify, measure, monitor, report, and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. We employ a broad and diversified set of controls and risk mitigation techniques, including hedging strategies and techniques that seek to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. Our strategic plan is consistent with our risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, specifically addressing strategic risks. We utilize periodic stress tests to assess the potential impacts to our balance sheet, earnings, regulatory capital, and liquidity under a variety of stress scenarios. The corporation’s risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings, or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. We prioritize the risks we take to maintain a strong and flexible financial position so we can withstand challenging economic conditions and take advantage of organic growth opportunities. Our lines of business operate with risk limits that align with the corporation's risk appetite. We have established operational procedures to enable us to borrow against our assets, including maintaining liquidity at the parent company and selected subsidiaries. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions. We define liquidity as readily available assets, limited to cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities that we can use to meet our contractual and contingent financial obligations. Our liquidity buffer is comprised of assets that are readily available to the parent company and selected subsidiaries, including cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. We believe funding these activities in the secured financing markets is more cost-efficient and less sensitive to changes in our credit ratings than unsecured financing.