Breaches of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential information. Our information technology systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. Cyber-attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed or stolen. Likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences, including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, and adverse impact on our relationships with vendors, business partners, and customers. Security breaches of our information technology systems or our products could impair our ability to conduct business, result in the loss of trade secrets, or otherwise compromise sensitive information of our customers, suppliers, and other business partners, or of customers' patients, or result in product efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products, and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. New product development requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery and frequent product introductions. The development of new or improved products, processes, or technologies by other companies that provide better features, pricing, or clinical outcomes or economic value may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. The integration of bard's business with our existing business is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. The success of the bard acquisition, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate our legacy business with the business of bard. Our ability to successfully manage this expanded business will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of the two companies but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. The medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater market presence. Health care systems and other health care companies are also consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. As a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. Further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the prices of our products. We are subject to extensive regulation. Our operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal, and international laws relating to healthcare, environmental protection, antitrust, anti-corruption, marketing, fraud and abuse, export control, employment, privacy, and other areas.