We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Our business operations could be adversely affected from cyber attacks through the loss of human resources or destruction of production facilities and information systems. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, and an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users. If we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our operating businesses face intense competition within markets in which they operate, and many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Accordingly, our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. We need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our inability to recruit and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. Data privacy regulations have recently been enacted in various jurisdictions, addressing numerous aspects related to the security of personal information stored in our information systems, networks, and facilities. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in reputational damage and significant penalties. We share the risk of cyber security with all businesses. Our utilities and energy businesses require significant amounts of capital to construct, operate, and maintain generation, transmission, and distribution systems to meet their customers’ needs and reliability criteria. Additionally, system assets may need to be operational for long periods to justify the financial investment. The risk of operational or financial failure of capital projects is not necessarily recoverable through rates charged to customers. Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which may relate to the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, and the level of capital that must be maintained. Changes in regulations related to these or other matters may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire’s chairman and CEO and Berkshire’s corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to various risks, including estimation errors inherent in the process of estimating property and casualty insurance loss reserves, which may result in significant underwriting losses.