Our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. We will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. Our ability to develop new products and enhance existing products requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all, our ability to manage acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy, and our ability to successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses. We rely on information technology systems, including technology from third party vendors, to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information and changing customer patterns. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems, products and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Our ability to protect our intellectual property and other sensitive data is critical, as the medical device market in which we primarily participate is largely technology driven. We have invested to protect our intellectual property, products and other data and continue to work diligently in this area, but there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks or other events. The medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. Our products are continually subject to clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors or other third parties, the results of which may be unexpected, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations. The development of new products and enhancement of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products reduce medical procedure volumes and/or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could adversely affect our business and results of operations.