The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products, which is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to maintain key dealer relationships and produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining data in a secure manner are critical to our business operations and strategy. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control, such actions may not be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks and data. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We routinely evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures, which require significant management capability to integrate operations, processes and systems. Our financial products segment is significant to our operations and provides financing support to a significant share of our global sales. The inability of Cat Financial to access funds to support its financing activities could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are also subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs, which could negatively impact our business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and global events beyond our control, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We believe that our operations and financial performance are also influenced by our ability to effectively leverage technology capabilities and manage information systems, which are integral to our strategic management practices and operational efficiency. The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. Our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition could be negatively impacted if supply is insufficient for our operations, if we experience excess inventories or if we are unable to adjust our production schedules or our purchases from suppliers to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations on a timely basis.