Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. The industries in which we compete experience rapid technology developments and frequent introductions and improvements of new products. Our ability to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements is crucial, as failure to do so could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. We must develop, acquire, or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments and the requirements for products addressing a broad spectrum of designers and designer expertise in our industries. Our strategy, referred to as system design enablement (SDE), is to provide the technologies necessary for our customers to develop a complete and functional electronic product. This strategy enables us to address the growing trends of electronic systems companies developing their own integrated circuits (ICs) as part of their end product systems, as well as semiconductor companies delivering greater portions of the systems into which their IC products are integrated. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of electronic systems, ICs, electronic devices, and increasingly sophisticated manufactured products. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products to provide substantial benefit to the customer throughout the license periods due to rapid changes in our customers' industries. The market must also accept our new and improved products. Our hardware platforms must be enhanced periodically to reduce the likelihood that a competitor surpasses the capabilities we offer. The introduction of new products could reduce the demand and revenue of our older products or affect their pricing. Our inability to develop or acquire the application-specific technologies and expertise necessary to address the requirements of emerging categories such as machine learning, augmented reality, and the Internet of Things could impede our ability to expand our business in these categories and ultimately affect our future growth. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies in response to our customers' increasing technological requirements. Such investments may involve significant time, risks, and uncertainties, including the risk that the expenses associated with these investments may affect our margins and operating results. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. If we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to technological trends, we may lose our competitive position, and our products or technologies may become obsolete. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our emulation and prototyping hardware products makes us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation. Additionally, our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world, and activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations could significantly interfere with our business operations. We depend upon our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain management and key employees may make us less competitive and therefore harm our results of operations.