We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Our ability to gain new video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. If we choose technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient, or attractive to customers than those chosen by our competitors, our competitive position could deteriorate, and our business and financial results could suffer. The process of integrating legacy systems requires significant capital expenditures and the expansion of certain operations and operating and financial systems. Management continues to devote a significant amount of time and attention to the integration process, which has a significant degree of difficulty and management involvement inherent in that process. We face risks relating to competition for the leisure time and discretionary spending of audiences, which has intensified in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior. Technological advancements, such as new video formats and internet streaming and downloading of programming that can be viewed on televisions, computers, smartphones, and tablets, have increased the number of entertainment and information delivery choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position and our business and results of operations. We depend on interconnection and related services provided by certain third parties for the growth of our commercial business. Our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited. If we are unable to meet these service level requirements or expectations, our commercial business could be adversely affected. We rely on a limited number of third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide some of our services. Any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operation, and financial condition. Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses and for supplying services to our customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. Network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing, and cyber attacks pose increasing risks. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, and natural disasters. Any significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, and our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. Our expectation for lower capital expenditures in 2019 versus 2018 is primarily driven by our expectation for lower customer premise equipment spend with the completion of our all-digital conversion and lower scalable infrastructure spend with the completion of the rollout of DOCSIS 3.1 technology across our footprint.