As a large global health service company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition, or the trading price of our securities. The future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives, which includes our ability to rapidly respond to competitive, economic, and regulatory changes. Successfully executing these initiatives depends on our ability to integrate our operations, ensure consistency throughout the organization, and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers and clients. Our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set prices appropriately, and maintain or increase market share is critical, as our clients are well-informed and can easily move between competitors. The health service industry continues to be dynamic and rapidly evolving, with significant shifts in industry structure potentially altering dynamics and adversely affecting our ability to attract or retain clients. Technological changes and rapid shifts in the use of technology, such as telemedicine, are also critical factors that could impact our competitive position. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to, and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success, requiring ongoing investment in long-term solutions that enhance customer experience and protect against cybersecurity risks. We must develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and customer needs. Failure to effectively invest in and maintain our information technology systems could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flow. Our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care professionals. If our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable, or if we or any of the third-party service providers we engage fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our clients, customers, and health care professionals. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers is key to our strategic focus to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. The integration of businesses, including express scripts, is likely to cause increasing complexity in our systems and internal controls, making them more difficult to manage. Any difficulties in assimilating businesses into our control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Our information technology capabilities must evolve to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.