Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume, and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers and our customers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, "ransom" attacks, firewall or encryption failures and other security problems. We face intense competition from other companies. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of the implementation of Dodd-Frank and other reforms of the financial services industry. Our success depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces, for a wide range of products, that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, security and speed to attract and retain customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions which occur at high volume and frequencies across multiple systems. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, failed settlement of trades, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, and regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. If any of our systems or the systems of our third-party providers do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. We must continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. We are also subject to compliance and regulatory risks associated with being a regulated intermediary. Regulatory oversight of our business has historically been extensive and focused on the adequacy of our self-regulatory oversight of our derivatives exchange and clearing activities and the security and safeguards of our systems. Our technology infrastructure must be capable of handling anticipated present and future peak trading volume. We will need to continue to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties.