Our ability to efficiently and effectively manage our business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of our information technology systems, which include applications and systems to securely manage the flow of information within each of our restaurants as well as our centralized corporate infrastructure. The services available within our systems and applications include restaurant operations, supply chain, inventory, scheduling, training, human capital management, financial tools, and data protection services. Our restaurant IT structure is based primarily on a point-of-sale system that operates locally at the restaurant and is integrated with other functions necessary to restaurant operations. This system records sales transactions, receives out-of-store orders, and authorizes, batches, and transmits credit card transactions, allowing employees to enter time clock information and produce a variety of management reports. Select information captured from this system at each restaurant is collected in the central corporate infrastructure, enabling management to continually monitor operating results. Our operations depend substantially on the availability of our point-of-sale system and related networks and applications, which may be vulnerable to attacks or outages from security breaches, viruses, and other disruptive problems, as well as from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, or other catastrophic events. Any failure of these systems to operate effectively could result in interruptions to or delays in our restaurant or other operations, adversely impacting the restaurant experience for our guests or negatively impacting our ability to manage our business. We plan major hardware upgrades and systems implementations during 2019 that will encompass all of our restaurants, which may increase the likelihood of a systems outage or malfunction negatively impacting our business. If our information technology systems fail and our redundant systems or disaster recovery plans are not adequate to address such failures, or if our business interruption insurance does not sufficiently compensate us for any losses that we may incur, our revenues and profits could be reduced, and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially adversely affected. We have also increased our efforts to promote delivery orders, which have grown considerably, and we rely on third-party providers to fulfill these orders. The ordering and payment platforms used by these third parties, or our mobile app or online ordering system, could be damaged or interrupted by technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks, or other factors, which may adversely impact our sales through these channels and could negatively impact our brand. Additionally, our delivery partners are responsible for order fulfillment and may make errors or fail to make timely deliveries, leading to customer disappointment that may negatively impact our brand. We also incur additional costs associated with using third-party service providers to fulfill these digital orders. The third-party restaurant delivery business is intensely competitive, with a number of players competing for market share, online traffic, capital, and delivery drivers and other people resources. Our digital business expansion, delivery orders, and catering offerings are subject to risks, and any operational challenges may negatively impact the customer experience associated with our digital, delivery, or catering orders, the guest experience for our traditional in-restaurant business, or both. These factors may adversely impact our sales and our brand reputation.