Our information technology systems and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. We also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. We face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. If we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. The data handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. Information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, computer viruses and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures, could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information and create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. The impact of a significant information technology event on either of our information technology systems or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We invest in and utilize our internal research and development capabilities, along with strategic acquisitions and partnerships, to meet our objectives. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive advantage in the engine markets we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. We recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck OEM customers in North America which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. If one of our large truck OEM customers experiences financial distress, bankruptcy or a change-in-control, such circumstance could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.