Our ability to retain and attract new customers depends on our ability to develop and maintain necessary operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure and to adapt to rapid technological advances involving such infrastructure. Digital technology, data, and software development are deeply embedded into our business model and how we work. We are heavily dependent on the security, capability, and continuous availability of the technology systems that we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, monitor risk and compliance with regulatory requirements, provide services to our customers, develop and offer new products, and communicate with stakeholders. If any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. We also rely on the business infrastructure and systems of third parties with which we do business and to whom we outsource the operation, maintenance, and development of our information technology and communications systems. We have migrated substantially all, and intend to migrate all, of our core information technology systems and customer-facing applications to third-party cloud infrastructure platforms. If we do not complete the transition or fail to administer these new environments in a well-managed, secure, and effective manner, or if these platforms become unavailable for any reason, we may experience unplanned service disruption or unforeseen costs which could result in material harm to our business and operating results. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions, and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. As our business develops, changes, or expands, additional expenses can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases, or other acquisitions, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations, or the integration of newly acquired businesses. We may face risks related to our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. We must successfully implement information, financial reporting, data-protection, and other controls adapted to our reliance on outside platforms and providers. Our ability to provide products and services, many of which are web-based, depends upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies, and business secrets. We also have arrangements in place with third parties through which we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers. Our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions, and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques, and models. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. In response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance risk program to fully address these expectations. Our compliance management program establishes expectations for determining compliance requirements, assessing the risk of new product offerings, creating appropriate controls and training to address requirements, monitoring for control performance, and independently testing for adherence to compliance requirements.