Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. We rely on digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information and communicate with employees and third parties. As a result, we face various cyber security threats such as attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, sensitive information about our operations and our employees, attempts to render our data or systems corrupted or unusable, threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure as well as those of third parties with whom we do business and attempted cyber terrorism. Our technologies, systems and networks may be subject to cyber attacks. A disruption, failure or a cyber breach of these operating systems, or of the networks and infrastructure on which they rely, could damage critical production, distribution or storage assets, delay or prevent delivery to markets or make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cyber security, none of these breaches have had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation. As cyber attacks continue to evolve, we must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected. Our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased costs. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be effective. If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, significant litigation exposure and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties or intervention. Any of these could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations. Such innovations enhance our ability to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact. Our business strategy anticipates prices will remain cyclical and is designed to be resilient in lower price environments, with significant upside during periods of higher prices. Our value proposition principles, namely to focus on returns, maintain financial strength, grow our dividend and pursue disciplined growth, are being executed in accordance with our priorities for allocating cash flows from the business. We believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours. We expect to retire outstanding debt as it matures and exercise flexibility in paying down our other debt instruments. Our ability to obtain additional financing, or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our plans, will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, investor sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding debt.