Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. Certain of our businesses continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, automation of our offering and continuous enhancements to our online ordering system. Third-party service providers are also responsible for managing a significant portion of our information systems. To the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our business and results of operations may also be adversely affected if a third-party service provider does not perform satisfactorily, or if the information systems are interrupted or damaged by unforeseen events, including due to the actions of third parties. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. A failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, increase our costs and/or cause losses. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Distribution, selling, and administrative expenses increased 15.6% from the prior fiscal year as the pharmaceutical distribution services' segment expenses increased by 19.4% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the January 2018 consolidation of Profarma, the January 2018 acquisition of H.D. Smith, and the duplicate costs resulting from the implementation of new information technology systems. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 and 2017 included technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our information technology systems and costs associated with expanding distribution capacity. We currently expect to spend approximately $300 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2019. Larger 2019 capital expenditures include costs related to new facilities and various technology initiatives. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance may not be realized. The processes and initiatives needed to achieve and maintain these benefits are complex, costly and time-consuming. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including the potential inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits resulting from participation in our generics purchasing services arrangement with Walgreens Boots Alliance, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits due to its inability to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected.