Our information systems are critical to the operation of our businesses. We collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize and distribute large amounts of personal health and financial information and other confidential and sensitive data about our customers, members and other constituents in the ordinary course of our businesses. The use and disclosure of such information is regulated at the federal, state and international levels, and these laws, rules and regulations are subject to change and increased enforcement activity. Data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation, businesses and prospects. Our information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber attacks, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our PBM claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. We rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, customer case installation and online access and tools. Our businesses depend in large part on these systems to adequately price our products and services; accurately establish reserves, process claims and report results of operations; and interact with providers, employer plan sponsors, members and vendors in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion. We must re-engineer and reduce the number of these systems to meet changing consumer and vendor preferences and needs, improve our productivity and reduce our operating expenses. We also need to develop or acquire new technology systems, contract with new vendors or modify certain of our existing systems to support the consumer-oriented products and services we are developing, operating and expanding and/or to meet current and developing industry and regulatory standards, including to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology and emerging cybersecurity risks and threats. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, brand, reputation and/or long-term growth. We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees is essential to meet our current and future goals and objectives. The competitive success of our retail pharmacy business, as well as our specialty pharmacy operations with third-party payors, is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with PBMs and other payors on acceptable terms in an environment where some PBM clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. Our strategy includes effectively investing our capital and human resources in appropriate strategic projects, current operations and acquisitions to transform our businesses in response to the changing dynamics in the industries in which we operate. We expect to continue to pursue acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances and other inorganic growth opportunities as part of our growth strategy. Our enterprise strategy may not be an effective response to the changing dynamics in the industries in which we operate, or we may not be able to implement our strategy and related strategic projects. If we fail to achieve these objectives, our ability to profitably grow our business and/or our results of operations may be adversely affected.