The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. The companies maintain property and casualty insurance, along with other contractual provisions, that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents. The companies' businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies' electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the companies' ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies' results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns. The companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. The companies are currently simultaneously developing, constructing or commissioning several major projects, including the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project. The advancement of the companies' ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups. The companies' operations are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance. The companies are subject to risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities. The companies' businesses are subject to various risks, including those related to the integration of acquired businesses and the challenges associated with managing a larger and more complex organization. The companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies' operations are dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions.