John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere's financial services operations. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise information, exposing the company to liability that could adversely affect its business and reputation. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere's reputation. As security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, additional resources may need to be invested to protect the security of systems. John Deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. John Deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon the ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, particularly those with requisite education, background and industry experience. Failure to attract, train and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy and adversely affect its business. The company may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of its acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. Integrating acquisitions is often costly and may require significant attention from management. John Deere's operations, including those outside of the United States, may also be impacted by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. The reallocation of radio frequency spectrums could disrupt or degrade the reliability of John Deere's high precision augmented global positioning system technology, which could impair its ability to develop and market GPS-based technology solutions as well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers' profitability. John Deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems, as well as its fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the use of RF signals. Any international or national reallocation of frequency bands could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of John Deere's GPS-based products, which could negatively affect its ability to develop and market GPS-based technology solutions.