Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. We are in the business of owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers. A reduction in the demand for data center space, power, or connectivity would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of these factors. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. We compete with numerous data center providers, many of whom own properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our data centers are located. Some of our competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, and more ready access to capital. If our competitors offer space that our customers perceive to be superior to ours based on factors such as available power, security, location, or connectivity, we may lose customers or potential customers or be required to incur costs to improve our data centers or reduce our rental rates. Any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation and adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. We may be vulnerable to breaches or unauthorized access to our physical and information security infrastructure and systems, any of which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Security breaches or disruptions of our or our customers' physical or information technology infrastructure could result in unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our and our customers' networks, interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations, delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, and damage to our reputation. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties. Our ability to attract, grow, and retain a diverse and balanced customer base may affect our ability to maximize our revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our contracts with our customers could subject us to significant liability, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. The technology industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology, customer requirements, and industry standards. Our inability to adapt to changing customer requirements may make our data centers obsolete or unmarketable to such customers.