Duke Energy's operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support underlying business processes. Any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of operations. The company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support various business processes and activities and to store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and personally identifiable information of customers and employees. Duke Energy believes the digital transformation of its business is key to driving internal efficiencies as well as providing additional capabilities to customers. The company's information technology systems are critical to cost-effective, reliable daily operations and its ability to effectively serve customers. Duke Energy expects customers to continue to demand more sophisticated technology-driven solutions, necessitating enhancements or replacements of its information technology systems in response. This involves significant development and implementation costs to keep pace with changing technologies and customer demand. Failure to successfully implement critical technology, or if it does not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demands, could materially adversely affect business strategy as well as impact results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Cybersecurity risks have increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication, magnitude, and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. Duke Energy relies on sophisticated digital information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. The critical nature of the infrastructure and increased connectivity to the internet heighten the risk of cyberattacks. In the event of a significant cybersecurity breach, the company could experience disrupted operations, theft of confidential information, and substantial financial losses. The duke energy registrants face heightened risks of cyberattacks from foreign or domestic sources and have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information systems or disrupt utility operations. The company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, but such insurance may be insufficient to offset losses. Additionally, the registrants are subject to standards regarding the protection of the physical and cyber security of critical infrastructure assets required for operating North America's bulk electric system. The registrants believe they are in compliance with such standards and regulations, but there is no assurance that they will not be found in violation in the future. The management of information technology systems is also critical for operational efficiency, and the company continually assesses the effectiveness of its IT governance and management practices. The digital infrastructure is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and operational flexibility in a rapidly evolving market environment. The integration of technology capabilities into business processes is a strategic priority for Duke Energy, as it seeks to enhance organizational effectiveness and improve customer relationships through better data management and analytics.