The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards including public exchanges and other aspects of the ACA, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges and changing customer preferences. Additionally, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately. Failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors, a diversion of management's time and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected. As a health benefits company, we operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant changes from legislative reform, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, new market entrants, aggressive marketing practices by other health benefits organizations, technological advancements and market pressures brought about by an informed and organized customer base. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. We must identify, assess and respond to new laws and regulations, as well as comply with the various existing laws and regulations applicable to our business. Changes in existing laws, rules and regulatory interpretation or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products we offer, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, including operating, healthcare technology and administrative costs, restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals and implement changes in premium rates and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment. Our inability to contract with providers, or if providers attempt to use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or the inability of providers to provide adequate care, could adversely affect our business. We are also subject to various federal, state and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of certain sensitive or confidential information, including HIPAA, the HITECH Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and numerous state laws governing personal information. Our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are regularly the target of, and may be vulnerable to, cyber attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other threats. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage and unauthorized access remain a priority for us.