The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; terrorist attacks; natural disasters; employee error or malfeasance; server or cloud provider breaches; and computer viruses or cyberattacks. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology networks and systems to more sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Despite the implementation of cybersecurity measures, the company's information technology systems may still be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and other electronic security breaches. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches or other damage to its information technology systems, disruptions could have an adverse effect on operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, liability or penalties under privacy laws, increased cybersecurity protection costs, reputational damage and product failure. The company engages in acquisitions and divestitures, which are subject to domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, and may encounter difficulties in integrating and separating these businesses. The success of these transactions will depend on the ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with strategic partners. The company’s substantial sales both in the U.S. and abroad subject it to economic risk as its results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government regulations and policies and currency fluctuations. The company’s operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and subject to increased risks of disrupted production causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. The company’s ability to invest in its businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. The company believes that the financial statements for the three years ended September 30, 2018, have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. Management relies on a system of internal accounting control designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of financial statements. The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The tools and test equipment business and Aventics were acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. The company’s auditor has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company’s operations are affected by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of being first to market with new products and services. The company’s competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. The company’s intellectual property rights are important to its business and include numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other confidential information.