Our operations depend on our information technology systems, which are utilized to effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service, and technical support functions. We contract with third parties for important services related to infrastructure and information technology. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. Cyber-based attacks can include computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, and other malicious software programs, as well as intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, and other events. The failure of either our or our service providers' information technology could disrupt our entire operation or result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, product shortages, loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and operating results. We invest significant resources to protect our intellectual property and other sensitive company information, which is dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and is potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks. Our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our proprietary intellectual property, which we protect through a combination of patents and trade secrets. However, we cannot guarantee that the protective steps we have taken are adequate to protect these rights. The medical technology industry is highly competitive, and our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new or differentiated products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories, and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical technology industry. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. We are also subject to various laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. Our operations are subject to rigorous governmental regulations, and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations and develop products that are compatible with these regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device can be costly and time-consuming, and clearances or approvals may not be granted for products or product improvements on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, clearances or approvals for products or product improvements could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations or prospects.