We are heavily dependent on our information systems and computer-based programs, including our well operations information, seismic data, electronic data processing, and accounting data. If any of such programs or systems were to fail or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, possible consequences include our loss of communication links, inability to find, produce, process, and sell oil and natural gas, and inability to automatically process commercial transactions or engage in similar automated or computerized business activities. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our and Energén's businesses, including operational and other synergies that we believe the combined company will achieve. We continue to focus on low-cost operations and best-in-class execution. To combat rising service costs, we have looked to lock in pricing for dedicated activity levels and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well costs where possible. Our 2019 drilling and completion budget accounts for capital costs that we believe will cover potential increases in our service costs during the year. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage this expanded business, which poses numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate the operations and business of Energén into our business in an efficient and timely manner, to combine systems and management controls, and to integrate relationships with customers, vendors, and business partners. We have entered into fixed-price swap contracts, fixed-price basis swap contracts, and costless collars with corresponding put and call options and may in the future enter into forward sale contracts or additional fixed-price swap, fixed-price basis swap derivatives, or costless collars for a portion of our production. Our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may have difficulty managing growth in our business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative, operating, and financial control systems or the occurrences of unexpected expansion difficulties, including the failure to recruit and retain experienced managers, geologists, engineers, and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and our ability to timely execute our business plan. We utilize commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil. This amount represents the recognition of the change in the fair value of open non-hedge derivative contracts as commodity prices change and commodity derivative contracts expire or new ones are entered into. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain, and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. Our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations which require compliance that can be burdensome and expensive. The oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. As others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs.