Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. If critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow. We have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, and we have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cyber security event. However, the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. Our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales, which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. Over time, we have generally experienced an increase in our operating and administrative expenses, including costs related to payroll, occupancy, freight, and information technology, among others, as our net sales have grown. There are various scenarios where we may not be able to continue to achieve this leverage as we have been able to do in the past. We believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending due to our vending hardware and software, our local branch presence, and our distribution strength. However, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending business with highly competitive platforms of their own. Our ability to identify new products and product lines and integrate them into our selling locations and distribution network may impact our ability to compete and generate additional sales. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including those who understand and appreciate our culture and can adequately represent this culture to our customers. Our ability to develop product expertise and respond to customer needs is essential for maintaining competitive advantage. Our growth drivers, including industrial vending solutions and onsite locations, require significant investments in technology and infrastructure to support their implementation and ongoing operation. We have increased spending on IT to support our growth initiatives, including software and hardware for our information processing systems, and we anticipate that our investments in technology will be critical to our future success. The ability to effectively deploy and manage IT resources is integral to our operational efficiency and overall business performance.