We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions. Our strategy is increasingly focused on the delivery of our products through cloud-based deployments. Factors that might affect the market acceptance of these products and services include changes in technology and our failure to successfully adopt cloud-based technologies. Our growth and the success of our strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings. If we are unable to develop new products or if we experience defects, failures, and delays associated with the introduction of new products, our business could suffer serious harm. Our reengineering initiative is designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. Our management approach includes ongoing investments in cloud computing and SaaS, as well as new products. We expect that part of the growth we seek to achieve through our strategy will be derived from the sale of products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update our products. Our strategy depends in part upon our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business partners, or if they decline to provide such data due to privacy concerns, we could lose access to required data, and the development of new products might become less effective. Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. We expect that products in the industry segments in which we compete will increasingly be subject to claims of patent and other intellectual property infringement. We may need to defend claims that our products infringe intellectual property rights, which could incur significant defense costs or substantial damages. Our business requires the storage, transmission, and utilization of sensitive consumer and customer information, and security breaches could expose us to risks of loss and unauthorized disclosure of information. Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services, and if the marketplace does not accept these new products and services, our revenues may decline. We believe much of the future growth of our business will rest on our ability to continue to expand into newer markets for our products and services. The market for business analytics is rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and we expect competition in this market to persist and intensify. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. Our ability to innovate and effectively respond to changing customer needs will be critical to our success. We must also anticipate and effectively respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to leverage technology capabilities, enhance operational efficiency, and optimize processes to meet evolving market demands.