Our information technology segment's revenue increased due primarily to the CSRA acquisition in the second quarter of 2018. The segment's total backlog was $8 billion at the end of 2018, up 120.6% from $3.6 billion at year-end 2017 due to the CSRA acquisition. This amount does not include $17.1 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and unexercised options on December 31, 2018. Funding from indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts added $4.2 billion to the segment's backlog in 2018, over 50% of the segment's orders. The information technology segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders, and approximately 15-20% of its portfolio is recompeted each year. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees. We also design and manage IT systems and products that contain IT systems for various customers. Accordingly, we maintain information security staff, policies, and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats. However, there can be no assurance that any such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity breaches, disruptions, unauthorized release of sensitive information, or corruption of data. Our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions and events when agreeing to contractual terms. The accounting for our contracts and programs requires assumptions and estimates about these conditions and events, including the productivity and availability of labor, the complexity of the work to be performed, the cost and availability of materials and components, and schedule requirements. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture, and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. The information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships.