We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to ensure chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers, or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. While we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. Such interruptions or breaches could adversely affect our business and operations and/or cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Regulators globally are also imposing new data security requirements, including greater monetary fines for privacy violations. The general data protection regulation (GDPR) that became effective in Europe in 2018 established new regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. Additionally, we may be subject to additional data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. The GDPR and other changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data, including healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics, and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies, or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business. We rely on a number of collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. Reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products. Disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of rights to technology developed with our corporate partners. Our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain patents and licenses to patent rights, preserve trade secrets and internal know-how, defend against infringement of our patents and efforts to invalidate them, and operate without infringing on the intellectual property of others.