Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is complex, costly, and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit talent. If we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments, and changing customer needs, our sales, profitability, and long-term competitiveness may be harmed. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Our electric vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to reduce the cost of manufacturing electric vehicles, as well as increased consumer adoption. Our autonomous vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. Our autonomous vehicle operations are capital intensive and subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including our ability to continue to develop self-driving software and hardware, access to sufficient capital, and significant competition from both established automotive companies and technology companies. We face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous vehicles on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal and state regulations. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. Our significant business in China subjects us to unique operational, competitive, and regulatory risks. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers, as well as non-traditional market participants, such as domestic technology companies. In addition, our success in China depends upon our ability to adequately address unique market and consumer preferences driven by advancements related to infotainment and other new technologies. We rely upon information technology systems and manufacture networked products, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities, and products. The secure operation of these systems and products, and the processing and maintenance of the information processed by these systems and products, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products could interfere with our operations and compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. We have experienced such events in the past, and while past events were immaterial, future events may occur and may be material. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the operational integrity of these systems and products, resulting in the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business operations, and damage to our reputation. Our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, and security of the personal identifiable information of our customers, employees, or suppliers, are subject to increasingly complex, restrictive, and punitive regulations in all key market regions. The failure to maintain compliant data practices could result in consumer complaints and regulatory inquiry, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, as well as brand impact or other harm to our business.