Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies to the marketplace in a timely manner. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations. The internet is accessed through a variety of platforms and form factors that continue to evolve with the advancement of technology and user preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices and modalities, our business could be adversely affected. The functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices and modalities may make the use of our products and services or the generation of advertising revenue through such devices more difficult. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in international markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We will invest heavily in data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from various factors, including natural disasters and cyber attacks. We experience cyber attacks of varying degrees and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. Our security measures may in the future be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors, or vulnerabilities. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain state-of-the-art security protections that shield against bugs, theft, misuse, or security vulnerabilities or breaches. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of users' and customers' proprietary information, and bugs, theft, misuse, defects, vulnerabilities in our products and services, and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information. We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in public policies governing a wide range of topics that may negatively affect our business. Our ability to keep our products and services operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions is critical to our performance.