The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems. Although Grainger's information systems are protected with robust backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power losses, telecommunication failures, user error, third-party actions such as malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, and cybersecurity breaches. If Grainger's systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, Grainger may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them and may suffer interruptions in its business operations in the interim. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Any such interruption of Grainger's information systems could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of Grainger's business strategy, and any disruption could adversely impact results of operations and financial performance. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability, which are supported by its information technology capabilities. Grainger expects technological advancements and the increased use of e-commerce solutions within the industry to continue to evolve at a rapid pace. As a result, Grainger's ability to effectively compete requires it to respond and adapt to new industry trends and developments, and implement new technology and innovations that may result in unexpected costs or may take longer than expected. Cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security, could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs, and/or decrease revenues. Grainger collects and stores personally identifiable, confidential, proprietary, and other information from customers through its sales and e-commerce channels, which involves receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Grainger's systems are integrated with customer systems in certain cases, and a breach of the company's information systems could be used to gain illicit access to customer systems and information. Grainger's ability to adequately protect its intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. Grainger's business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which includes current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and confidentiality agreements. Grainger's business is subject to legislative, legal, and regulatory risks and conditions specific to the countries in which it operates, including data protection and cybersecurity requirements. Changes in these laws, regulations, and standards, or in their interpretation, could increase the cost of doing business, including increased investments in technology and the development of new operational processes. Grainger's ability to grow sales or reduce costs, among other actions, to offset the effect on profitability of its pricing actions may be adversely affected by these factors.