The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. Our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including accounting and financial reporting, billing and collecting accounts, coding and compliance, clinical systems and medical devices, medical records and document storage, inventory management, negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts and supply contracts, and monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full Medicare payment updates. Information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, human acts, and natural disasters. We have taken precautionary measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information systems. Nevertheless, we may experience system failures. The occurrence of any system failure could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data, and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, all of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. A cybersecurity incident could result in the compromise of our facilities, confidential data, or critical data systems and give rise to potential harm to patients, remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under HIPAA, consumer protection laws, common law theories or other laws, subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business. We have made significant investments in technology to adopt and meaningfully use EHR and in the use of medical devices that store sensitive data and are integral to the provision of patient care. The secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. We utilize current security technologies, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities, and advanced new attacks against information systems and devices against us or our third-party vendors create risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware and malware incidents. We are regularly the target of attempted cybersecurity and other threats that could have a security impact. There can be no assurance that we or our third-party vendors will not be subject to cybersecurity incidents that bypass our security measures, impact the integrity, availability, or privacy of personal health information or other data subject to privacy laws or disrupt our information systems, devices, or business, including our ability to provide various health care services. As a result, cybersecurity, physical security, and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our facilities, information systems, and data from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. The emergence and effects related to a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease could adversely affect our operations. If a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease or other public health crisis were to occur in an area in which we operate, our operations could be adversely affected. Such a crisis could diminish the public trust in health care facilities, especially hospitals that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or are treating (or have treated) patients affected by infectious diseases.