Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. We employ information technology systems and networks to support the business and rely on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology (IT) systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, product software designs which we believe are less susceptible to cyber attacks, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. A material disruption of our operations, particularly at our manufacturing facilities or within our information technology infrastructure, could adversely affect our business. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, and other events, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems and other third-party IT service providers, could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. We may not be able to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. Our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, and enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors. We believe our ability to consistently grow earnings derives from the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell operating system as well as a long history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. We have continued our focus on commercial excellence processes, such as velocity product development, to drive higher sales at better margins. Our refocused strategy and investments are intended to take better advantage of our core technological and software strengths in high growth businesses that participate in six attractive industrial end markets. Each of these end markets is characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency, infrastructure investment, urbanization and safety.