Arconic relies on its information technology systems to manage and operate its business, process transactions, and summarize its operating results. Information technology system failures, cyber attacks, and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Arconic's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. The company faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at the company. Cyber attacks and security breaches may include attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service, and other electronic security breaches. The company believes that it faces a heightened threat of cyber attacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations, and its technological innovations. Arconic employs a number of measures to protect and defend against cyber attacks, including technical security controls, data encryption, firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, anti-virus software, and frequent backups. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Arconic's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability, and increased remediation costs. The company also conducts regular periodic training of its employees regarding the protection of sensitive information. Arconic's enterprise risk management program and disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from cyber attacks and security breaches. However, a breakdown in existing controls and procedures around the company's cybersecurity environment may prevent Arconic from detecting, reporting, or responding to cyber incidents in a timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition or the market price of its securities. Arconic's business depends, in part, on its ability to meet increased program demand successfully and to mitigate the impact of program cancellations, reductions, and delays. The company is currently under contract to supply components for a number of new and existing commercial, general aviation, military aircraft, and aircraft engine programs. If Arconic fails to meet production levels or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, or results of operations. Arconic's competitive position and future performance depend, in part, on the company's ability to identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in its target end-markets, fund, develop, manufacture, and bring innovative new products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively, and monitor disruptive technologies. The company may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or match the level of research and development spending of its competitors. Additionally, Arconic may not be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies or achieve and maintain technological advantages. There can be no assurance that any of Arconic's new products or services, development programs, or technologies will be commercially adopted or beneficial to Arconic.