IBM seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, agile processes, and changes to the way the company works, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize artificial intelligence, blockchain, IoT, quantum, and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company's products, services, and systems, including cloud-based systems and systems and technologies that the company maintains on behalf of its customers, may be used in critical company, customer, or third-party operations, or involve the storage, processing, and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, customers, and others. The risk of such attacks to the company includes attempted breaches not only of its own products, services, and systems, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. If the company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if the company experiences difficulties in their implementation, the company's business and operating results could be harmed, and the company could fail to meet its financial reporting obligations. The company depends on skilled employees and could be impacted by a shortage of critical skills. Much of the future success of the company depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled employees, including technical, marketing, and staff resources. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects, or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company's operations, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to environmental protection. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations, and competitive position. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company's client base includes many worldwide enterprises, from small and medium businesses to the world's largest organizations and governments, with a significant portion of the company's revenue coming from global clients across many sectors.