Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; lower interest rates and financial market uncertainty; rising demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology; and evolving and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards, and the demand for greater data capacity and connectivity. Our trading and clearing segment comprises our transaction-based execution and clearing businesses, while our data and listings segment comprises our subscription-based data services and securities listings businesses. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased 1% in 2018 from 2017, driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, and increases in pricing of our products. The integration of NYSE was completed by June 2016, and the integration of Interactive Data was completed by June 2018. We expect to continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. Our trading and clearing revenues are reported on a net basis and consist of fees collected from our derivatives, fixed income, cash equities, and equity options trading and derivatives clearing. We recorded rebates in our markets primarily to support market liquidity and trading volume by providing qualified participants in those markets a discount to the applicable commission rate. The increase in the number of participants in the rebate programs offered on various contracts, an increase in our traded volume, and an increase in the number of rebate programs contributed to the increase in rebates. Our trading and clearing segment operating income increased $162 million in 2018 from 2017, driven by the revenue increases discussed above. The operating income increases in the last two years were driven by the revenue increases discussed above. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. Technology and communication expenses increased in 2018 from 2017, primarily due to data center migrations, hardware support upgrades, and cybersecurity investments.