The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these IT systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, the potential for the company to be adversely impacted exists, which could result in reputational, competitive, operational, or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident, although the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial losses. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high-quality, innovative products and services, which requires significant investment in research and development. The company’s continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers, and consumers. Development of successful products and technologies is necessary to offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research, and the company competes with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, pricing, and availability. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets, which could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company’s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations, and licensing agreements with third parties. The company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices, and enforcement activities under these laws could subject the company to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies. The company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. The company’s reliance on third parties to manufacture certain products introduces risks, including reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, which could adversely affect the business. The company’s ability to discern patients' and healthcare providers' future needs, develop promising new compounds, strategies, and technologies, achieve successful clinical trial results, secure effective intellectual property protection, and obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis is critical to its success.