JPMorgan Chase's businesses rely comprehensively on the ability of its financial, accounting, transaction execution, data processing, and other operational systems to process, record, monitor, and report a large number of transactions on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately, quickly, and securely. The effective functioning of JPMorgan Chase's operational systems depends on the quality of the information contained in those systems, as inaccurate, outdated, or corrupted data can significantly compromise the functionality or reliability of a particular system and other systems to which it transmits or from which it receives information. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase's operations depend on the competence and integrity of its employees and those of external parties. The ineffectiveness, failure, or other disruption of operational systems upon which JPMorgan Chase depends, including due to a systems malfunction, cyberbreach, or other systems failure, could result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets and for JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers. As the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity, and complexity of transactions continue to increase, it becomes more challenging to effectively maintain and upgrade JPMorgan Chase's operational systems and infrastructure. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase's connections to external operational systems expose it to greater operational risks, as external operational systems with which JPMorgan Chase is connected can be sources of operational risk. A successful cyberattack against JPMorgan Chase could cause significant harm to JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers, including significant disruption of operations, misappropriation of confidential information, and damage to systems. The risk of a security breach due to a cyberattack could increase in the future as JPMorgan Chase continues to expand its mobile-payments and other internet-based product offerings. JPMorgan Chase's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and profitably is highly dependent on the competence and trustworthiness of its employees, as well as employees of other parties on which JPMorgan Chase's operations rely. The introduction of new products or services, or changes to existing platforms, may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from those changes. Any significant failure to identify and mitigate operational risks associated with new products or services could diminish JPMorgan Chase's ability to operate one or more of its businesses or result in potential liability to clients, increased operating expenses, and damage to JPMorgan Chase's reputation. JPMorgan Chase also faces substantial legal and operational risks in safeguarding personal information, as its businesses are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information. Ensuring compliance with these laws can increase operational costs and hinder the development of new products or services. The heightened regulatory scrutiny of JPMorgan Chase's businesses has increased its compliance costs and could result in restrictions on its operations. Any failure or perceived failure to appropriately address conflicts of interest or fiduciary obligations could result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation, and regulatory fines, all of which can lead to lost revenue and higher operating costs. The financial services industry is highly competitive, and JPMorgan Chase's results of operations will suffer if it is not a strong, effective, and forward-looking competitor. New competitors continue to emerge, and technological advances require JPMorgan Chase to spend more to modify or adapt its products to attract and retain clients. The failure of any of JPMorgan Chase's businesses to meet the expectations of clients and customers could affect its ability to attract or retain clients and customers, thereby reducing revenues.