Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processing necessary to manage our business. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such events. The U.S. government has issued public warnings that indicate that pipelines and other infrastructure assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations or cyber sabotage events. Potential targets include our pipeline systems, terminals, processing plants, or operating systems. The occurrence of an attack could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond, or other financial loss, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation, or inaccurate information reported from our operations. Our business is also subject to various risks related to the transportation and storage of the products we handle, including the breakdown, underperformance, or failure of equipment, facilities, information systems, or processes. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage, which could result in unused capacity on our pipelines and in our terminals. The volatility of oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business segments. Our revenues, cash flows, profitability, and future growth depend to a large degree on prevailing oil, NGL, and natural gas prices. Our ability to service our consolidated debt and meet our consolidated leverage targets will depend upon our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist us in identifying environmental issues and estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts. Our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to pipeline integrity at the federal, state, and provincial level, and the ultimate costs of compliance with the integrity management rules are difficult to predict. The adoption of new laws or regulations could significantly increase the amount of these expenditures. Our success depends in part on the performance of and our ability to retain our executive officers, particularly those responsible for developing and executing our growth strategy. We may experience difficulties completing acquisitions or integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions.