A key component of our strategic plan is to grow our international sales, which involves strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. Our operations are characterized by complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures, necessitating a focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of product and service delivery, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our customers at affordable prices. We continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our business segments include aeronautics, missiles and fire control, rotary and mission systems, and space, each of which engages in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support, and upgrade of advanced technology systems. The majority of our net sales are generated from long-term contracts with the U.S. government and international customers, including foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government, for the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services. We provide our products and services under fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts, with significant judgment required in estimating contract sales and costs, including the profit booking rate. The initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule, and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. Our contracts typically allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services, and we regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. We have ongoing programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government, which cannot be specifically described. Our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the U.S. government, and we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. We recognize revenue over time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. Our business segments' results of operations include pension expense only as calculated under U.S. government cost accounting standards, which we refer to as CAS pension cost. We recover CAS pension cost through the pricing of our products and services on U.S. government contracts, and therefore, the CAS pension cost is recognized in each of our business segments' net sales and cost of sales. The operating portion of the net FAS/CAS operating adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of FAS pension expense and the CAS pension cost recorded in our business segments' results of operations. We made contributions of $5.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018, and as a result of these contributions, we do not expect to make contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2019. Our strong operating cash flows have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2018 and those planned for 2019 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.