The lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. These technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and our business could suffer if we cannot do that as quickly or effectively as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data. The integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business. If this data is inaccurate or incomplete, we could make faulty decisions. Our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal information. The information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by laws and governmental regulation, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry are also increasingly demanding in the U.S., the European Union, Asia, and other jurisdictions where we operate. Our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time to do so. We may incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to fines and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand. The data security incident could have numerous adverse effects on our business. If we experience additional cybersecurity incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to additional cybersecurity incidents, the severity of the adverse effects on our business could be magnified. We have implemented security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as with the data security incident, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. Our reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. We have experienced cyber-attacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the integrity of our data, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. Disruptions in or changes to our reservation systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data. We manage global reservation systems that communicate reservations to our branded hotels that individuals make directly with us online, through our mobile apps, through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. The cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of our reservation systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. Our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation systems. The risk of disruption in the functioning of our global reservation systems could increase with the ongoing systems integration that is part of our integration of Starwood.