Our business relies on sophisticated computer systems to perform our operations, and we routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including sensitive personal information and protected health information. We utilize a variety of security measures to protect our and our customers' computer systems; however, a failure or compromise of these systems from cyberattacks or malfunctions may result in material adverse operational and financial consequences. The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our technology products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins, and delay the introduction or implementation of new products. Our relationships with pharmaceutical and medical-surgical product manufacturers and healthcare providers subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse. The constant evolution of cyberattacks has caused us to spend more time and money to deal with increasingly sophisticated attacks, which may increase our operational costs and complicate our operations. We have implemented enhanced procedures to ensure compliance with privacy and security standards, including those established under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). Our industry is subject to various evolving federal, state, and international data and security laws and regulations, which impose operational costs to achieve compliance. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in regulatory enforcement activity and the imposition of fines and other costs. We also face competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers, which may decide to develop their own supply management capabilities. Key competitive factors include price, quality of service, breadth of product lines, and innovation. The healthcare industry has been subject to increasing consolidation, which could reduce the number of market participants and give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power, potentially leading to erosion of prices for our products and services. Our business operations could be affected by changes in the healthcare industry's pricing, selling, inventory, distribution, or supply policies. Additionally, we are subject to the operating and security standards of various regulatory agencies, and any noncompliance could lead to litigation and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We expect the healthcare industry to continue to change, and for healthcare delivery models to evolve in the future. Our investment in Change Healthcare represents a significant component of our strategy to leverage technology to provide software and analytics, network solutions, and technology-enabled services that help customers obtain actionable insights and control costs. The integration of acquisitions involves significant risks, including the diversion of management's attention and difficulties in the integration of operations and systems. Our ability to conduct our business might be negatively impacted if we experience difficulties with outsourcing and managing third-party relationships. The successful implementation of our technology initiatives is critical to achieving operational efficiency and enhancing our competitive advantage in the market.