We use information technology and third-party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations such as manufacturing and distribution; communicating with our suppliers, customers, and employees; maintaining effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; executing mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Our use of new and emerging technologies such as cloud-based services and mobile applications continues to evolve, presenting new and additional risks in managing access to our data, relying on third-parties to manage and safeguard data, ensuring access to our systems and availability of third-party systems. Cybersecurity breaches of our or third-party systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyberattacks may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training, and other security measures to protect our systems and data. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on the updated threat. However, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. The malware incident in June 2017 impacted a significant portion of our global sales, distribution and financial networks, leading to the execution of business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages and restore our systems environment. Our operations are subject to risks inherent in global operations, including compliance with various regulations, currency devaluations, and changes in local laws. We are also exposed to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. The rapid emergence of new distribution channels, such as e-commerce, may disrupt our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, creating consumer price deflation, altering the buying behavior of consumers, or disrupting our retail customer relationships. Competitor and customer pressures require that we timely and effectively respond to new distribution channels and technological developments. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, and offer new and improved products that meet those changes. We must manage this complexity to bring our products to consumers effectively. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and currency volatility. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including compliance with laws affecting operations outside of the United States, the imposition of tariffs, and changes in trade relations. Our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by our ability to manage these challenges effectively. We continue to monitor and adjust our use of ingredients to respond to regional preferences, and our ability to supply multiple markets with a streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity and changes in regulatory restrictions.