Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The company focuses on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company's enterprise strategy is founded on the principle of one metlife, where digital and simplified are key enablers of strategic cornerstones, including optimizing value and risk, driving operational excellence, enabling distribution channels to drive efficiency and productivity through digitalization, and undertaking a targeted approach to find the right solutions for the right customers through differentiated customer value propositions. The company’s investment portfolio is managed using disciplined asset/liability management (ALM) principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support current and future liabilities. The management of investment portfolio and hedging market risks with derivatives is integral to the company’s strategy. The company actively evaluates market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure free cash flow and capital objectives are met under various market conditions. The company uses a variety of strategies to manage risks, including the use of derivatives, which are integral to managing various risks relating to ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit, and equity market risks. The company’s operational efficiency is enhanced through the use of technology, as it relies on effective operation of computer systems for a variety of functions, including processing claims, transactions, and applications, and providing information to customers and distributors. The company’s ability to manage risks is supported by a comprehensive investment risk management process that includes fundamental credit analysis and diversification by asset sector. The company’s liquidity management is based on a rolling 12-month forecast of cash flow obligations, which includes proactive monitoring and management of liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions. The company maintains a substantial short-term liquidity position and a diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources, which enhances its funding flexibility and limits dependence on any one market or source of funds. The company’s liquidity and capital management are critical to retaining credit ratings, which are important for accessing liquidity and maintaining financial strength.