We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems and their components, including our data centers, and the internet to seamlessly provide clients with products and customer service. Heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, sabotage, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized changes, human error, cyberterrorism, cybercrime, ransomware, terrorist attacks affecting sites where we are located, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, technical breakdowns, internet failures or computer viruses could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. If disruptions, failures or slowdowns occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology platform, our electronic delivery systems or the internet, our reputation and our ability to distribute our products effectively and to serve our clients may be materially adversely affected. We have experienced unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products after we migrated certain of our applications and infrastructure to new data centers. While we have taken steps to mitigate such interruptions and delays, we cannot provide assurance that they will not occur again in the future even after extensive testing of new software and hardware. We may also experience unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products after adopting new technologies and software, including cloud computing, virtualization and agile software development, in place of more traditional methods of development and support. Our operating costs could increase if license fees for third-party data or software products increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third-party or other data or software are substantial and we are unable to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements with these suppliers or find alternative sources of equivalent data or software products. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the functionality provided by data or software that becomes unavailable or fails to operate effectively for any reason. We rely on the accuracy and quality of third-party data and software products and depend on the ability and willingness of third-party data and software providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes to produce and deliver our products, provide services and develop new products and services. We also monitor our use of third-party data and software products to comply with applicable licensing requirements. Despite our efforts, our use of certain third-party data and software products has been challenged in the past and there can be no assurance that such third parties may not challenge our use in the future, resulting in increased data acquisition or software costs, loss of rights and/or costly legal actions. Our business may be affected by changes in the capital markets, particularly the equity capital markets, and is dependent on our clients' continued investment in equity securities as well as the measurement of the performance of their equity investment against equity benchmarks. Our analytics segment offers performance attribution and portfolio management content, applications and services that provide clients with an integrated view of risk and return of their equity portfolios. Additionally, equity models developed in our analytics segment are used to construct MSCI factor indexes. The development, maintenance and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, skills, experience and abilities of our employees. Accordingly, we believe that the success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executives and other key management, research and product development, sales and marketing, product management, operations, information technology and other personnel.