Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures described may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Microsoft Azure, Azure Stack, Azure IoT Edge, and Azure Sphere. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to achieve our business objectives. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve. Often, we are early adopters of new devices and technologies. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. Security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us whose business is providing technology products and services to others. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others. The cost of these steps could reduce our operating margins. If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. The growth of our internet- and cloud-based services internationally relies increasingly on the movement of data across national boundaries. Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, and transfer of personal data continue to evolve. Our ability to use data in this way may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or greater difficulty in competing with foreign-based firms. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. We are also limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. Changes to U.S. immigration policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts. Our investments in new products and services may not achieve expected returns. Developing new technologies is complex and can require long development and testing periods. Significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue.