We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from various sources, including power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cybersecurity breaches, vandalism, severe weather conditions, catastrophic events, terrorism, and human error, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become compromised or unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We have significantly reduced our reliance on a number of older legacy information systems that are harder to maintain; however, we could negatively impact our operations and financial results. As we have outsourced more of our business operations, we have increased our dependence on the IT systems of our outsourced business partners, which are not under our direct management or control. Any disruption to either those outsourced systems or the communication links between Motorola Solutions and the outsourced supplier may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products. We may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We face additional risks that our anti-corruption policies and procedures may be violated by third-party service providers that help sell our products or provide other solutions and services, because such third parties are not our employees, and it is therefore more difficult to oversee and control their conduct. We are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems and those IT systems that we manage for our customers. A cyber attack or other significant disruption involving our IT systems or those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or our customers could result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information of ours or our customers. Such unauthorized access to, or release of, this information could allow others to unfairly compete with us, compromise safety or security, subject us to claims for breach of contract, tort, and other civil claims, and damage our reputation. We cannot guarantee that all threat attempts will be successfully thwarted even with these countermeasures, and we are therefore investing more in detection and response capabilities to minimize potential impacts.