Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We may be unable to maintain or improve gross margins, which are dependent in part upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive, and we face intense competition from a number of companies, including large corporations that may have greater resources to invest in technology and capitalize on growth opportunities. Our competitors generally seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, and reduce die size in their product designs, which may result in significant increases in worldwide supply and downward pressure on prices. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, research and development, and product and process technology. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development for new and existing products, which involves significant risk and uncertainties. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs, including potential limitations on stacking additional 3D memory layers and improving power consumption and reliability. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products. Developing and manufacturing system-level products with specifications unique to a customer increases our reliance upon that customer for purchasing our products in sufficient volume. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks, including diverging interests between us and our partners and disagreements on ongoing or future development, manufacturing, or operational activities. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees, as hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are critical to our business. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We are subject to counterparty default risks, which could limit our ability to take action to mitigate our exposure. Our operations are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that may result in additional costs and liabilities, and any failure to comply with these laws or regulations could adversely impact our reputation and our financial results. Our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies, and our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.