The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. Our markets and the markets that rely on our technology have experienced systems failures and delays in the past and could experience future systems failures and delays. System limitations or failures could harm our business. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. If new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new products and services. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms, the rollout of our platforms and the adoption of new technologies, such as blockchain, machine intelligence and the cloud. Although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms or technologies will justify the related investments. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance and many other functions. We face significant competition in our market technology, information services and corporate services businesses from other market participants. Competitors may develop market trading platforms that are more competitive than ours. Competitors may leverage data more effectively or enter into strategic partnerships, mergers or acquisitions that could make their trading, listings, clearing, data or technology businesses more competitive than ours. The success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. Specifically, we must complete development of, successfully implement and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, frequent enhancements to existing products and services, the adoption of new services and products and changing customer demands. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. Our role in the global marketplace may place us at greater risk for a cyberattack. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches. We continue to employ resources to monitor our systems and protect our infrastructure, but these measures may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. Any system issue that causes an interruption in services, decreases the responsiveness of our services or otherwise affects our services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. We must rationalize, coordinate and integrate the operations of our acquired businesses, including technology platforms, which could lead to us not achieving the synergies we anticipate or customers not renewing their contracts with us as we migrate platforms. Our strategic direction includes continued investment and commitment to sustain our marketplace core, which has earned us a strategic position at the center of the capital markets in the U.S. and Europe. We have been able to create strategic relationships across broker-dealers, investment professionals, corporate clients, and other global market centers, which then provides the potential to expand those relationships with our technology and analytics capabilities.