We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The U.S. government has been implementing significant changes and spending levels have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate over time. The budget control act of 2011 mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending across a ten-year period, including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. The federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have significant impacts on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions. As a defense contractor, we face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and networks. These threats could lead to losses of sensitive information or capabilities; theft of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; and financial liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation as a government contractor and provider of cyber-related or cyber-protected goods and services. We utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate the risk of these threats, but there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. Our operating results and growth opportunities are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math. Our success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop technologically advanced, innovative and cost-effective products and services, and market these products and services to our customers in the U.S. and internationally. Our ability to develop innovative and technologically advanced products depends, in part, on continued funding for, and investment in, research and development projects. We may be unable fully to exploit or adequately to protect intellectual property rights, which could materially affect our ability to compete, our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The integration of an independent business with our business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. We are devoting significant management attention and resources effectively to integrate the legacy Orbital ATK business and operations with our business, including integration of internal controls processes and procedures, and to realize the anticipated benefits. Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations. Our ability effectively to pursue and execute contracts outside the U.S. also may be impacted by our ability to partner successfully with non-U.S. companies, including through joint ventures, teaming agreements, co-production or other arrangements. Our contracts with non-U.S. customers may also include terms and reflect legal requirements that create additional risks. We face risks related to our products that are approved for export, but may be subject to the U.S. government changing or canceling the export license after the product is ordered. Our ability to sell products outside the U.S. could be adversely affected if we are unable to design our products for export on a cost-effective basis or to obtain and retain all necessary export licenses and authorizations on a timely basis.