We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We implemented a new enterprise resource planning system in 2018. We may experience difficulties with this system, which could potentially result in disruption to our normal accounting procedures and internal control over financial reporting, inaccuracies in the conversion of electronic data, difficulties integrating the systems and processes, additional costs to continue to refine the system's functionality, and disruption of our financial reporting process. We face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties. This competition may result in a higher cost for properties we wish to purchase. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. Our cash flow from operations depends in part on our ability to lease space to tenants on economically favorable terms. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located, inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants, oversupply of space and changes in market rental rates, declines in our tenants' creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, defaults by and bankruptcies of tenants, and deterioration of physical condition of our properties. We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. We face risks associated with debt and capital stock financing. We intend to incur additional indebtedness in the future, including the use of our unsecured revolving credit facility. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. The market value of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors, including prevailing interest rates, general economic, political and financial market conditions, and changes in our credit ratings. We believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure. Therefore, we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet and solid interest and fixed charge coverage ratios. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable. However, if our strategy, or one or more of the assumptions were to change in the future, an impairment may need to be recognized.