We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our cloud strategy, including our Oracle Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), and Data as a Service (DaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services, including the launch of the Oracle Autonomous Data Warehouse Cloud Service, which offers automation based on machine learning. However, if these products do not perform as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. We might experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors that could affect the function, performance, and security of our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors could delay the development or release of new products or services and could adversely affect market acceptance. Our business operations, as well as the services we offer to our customers, rely on our products and networks. Therefore, any flaws could affect our ability to conduct our business operations and expose us to product liability, performance, and warranty claims. If our security measures for our products and services are compromised, our products and services may be perceived as vulnerable, damaging our brand and reputation. We have invested significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the data we manage. However, we encounter attempts by third parties to exploit vulnerabilities and gain unauthorized access to our systems. The risks of cyber-attacks targeting IT products and businesses are increasing, particularly as we grow our cloud offerings and manage large amounts of sensitive data. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, but our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with emerging threats. We may not discover any security breach for a significant period of time after it occurs. Our cloud and other services are critical for enterprise customers, and any disruptions could lead to significant harm to our brand and reputation. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies through various deployment models, which enable customer choice and flexibility. We strive to renew cloud services contracts and expect continued demand for our offerings. Our cloud services revenues growth is influenced by the strength of general economic conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, and our ability to deliver and renew contracts with existing customers. We continue to invest in research and development to maintain our competitive position and enhance our cloud capabilities.