The oil and gas industry is increasingly dependent on digital and industrial control technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, and production activities. Occidental relies on digital and industrial control systems, related infrastructure, technologies, and networks to run its business and to control and manage its oil and gas, chemicals, marketing, and pipeline operations. Use of the internet, cloud services, mobile communication systems, and other public networks exposes Occidental's business and that of other third parties with whom Occidental does business to cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks on businesses have escalated in recent years, and information and industrial control technology system failures, network disruptions, and breaches of data security could disrupt operations by causing delays, impeding processing of transactions, and reporting financial results. A cyber-attack involving information or industrial control systems and related infrastructure could negatively impact operations in various ways, including unauthorized access to sensitive information, data corruption, and operational disruptions. Occidental has implemented controls and multiple layers of security to mitigate the risks of cyber-attacks; however, there can be no assurance that such cybersecurity measures will be sufficient to prevent security breaches. The potential consequences of compromised cybersecurity measures could be significant, requiring additional resources to enhance cybersecurity and investigate vulnerabilities, which would increase costs. Occidental's strategy focuses on delivering shareholder value through continual enhancements to its asset quality, organizational capability, and innovative technical applications that provide competitive advantages. The oil and gas segment benefits from scale, technical expertise, environmental and safety leadership, and commercial and governmental collaboration, allowing for additional production to be brought quickly to market and extending the life of older fields at lower costs. Occidental's operations are characterized by an advantaged mix of short- and long-cycle, high-return development opportunities, particularly in the Permian Basin. The company aims to maximize shareholder returns through consistent dividend growth and allocating capital to high-return opportunities across its integrated business. The midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize realized value by optimizing the use of committed pipeline and export capacities and providing access to domestic and international markets. Occidental's low carbon ventures seek to capitalize on the company's enhanced oil recovery leadership by developing carbon capture, utilization, and storage projects that promote innovative technologies driving cost efficiencies and reducing emissions. The company's capital expenditures reflect a focus on high-return assets, with significant investments in the Permian Basin, which is expected to provide sustainability of Occidental's low-cost position. Occidental's ability to add reserves depends on successful exploration or development activities, which are influenced by technology improvements, market conditions, and regulatory environments. The company continuously evaluates its technology capabilities to ensure alignment with business strategies and market dynamics, enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business transformation initiatives.