The company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events, including conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Additionally, the company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access, and data loss. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted, or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property, or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers, and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations, and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace. The company is investing for long-term growth in new truck models, integrated powertrains including zero-emission electrification and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, enhanced aerodynamic truck designs, advanced driver assistance systems, and truck connectivity, and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. The company conducts business in certain countries which have been experiencing or may experience significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain and are subject to the corresponding potential for default. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties, and operating environments. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt, and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets, and lines of credit. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company has line of credit arrangements of $3.50 billion, of which $3.27 billion were unused at December 31, 2018. The company intends to replace these credit facilities on or before expiration with facilities of similar amounts and duration. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, syndicated bank lines, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company is also investing in technology capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business innovation, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market landscape.