We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives, including industrial espionage. We have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may or could have access to our confidential information. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. We expect that pressures on the pricing component of operating results will continue. The anticipated costs and savings, including from our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives, as well as from our organizing for growth initiative, are set forth in the costs and expenses section of our financial report. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. Additionally, our R&D investment plans and resources may not be correctly matched between science and markets, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic segments, product classes, geographic markets and/or in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in R&D to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near-term and over time. The success of any of our strategic acquisitions will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from combining these businesses with Pfizer. We may fail to achieve cost savings anticipated with certain of these acquisitions, or such cost savings within the expected time frame. Integration of these businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. We also may fail to generate the revenue growth for the acquired business that we expected at the time of entering into the transaction. The anticipated benefits and cost savings may not be realized or may not be realized within the expected time period. The joint venture's integration of Pfizer's and GSK's consumer healthcare businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, costs, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, and loss of customer and other business relationships. Any material unanticipated issues arising from the integration process could negatively impact our stock price and our or the joint venture's future business and financial results.