Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. These risks include our increasing reliance on third-party systems, the development of new modes of communication, changing insurance shopping trends, and the availability of very large volumes of data (i.e., big data) and the challenges relating to analyzing those data sets. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. Our systems are subject to "cyber attacks" by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. Such attacks or actions may include attempts to steal, corrupt, or destroy data, including our intellectual property, financial data, or the personal information of our customers or employees. Our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, necessary business functions is highly dependent upon our ability to maintain and improve the staffing effectiveness and culture that we have developed over the years. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, each of which has a unique and complex set of laws and regulations. Compliance with laws and regulations often results in increased costs, which can be substantial, to our insurance subsidiaries. These costs, in turn, may adversely affect our profitability or our ability or desire to grow or operate our business in the applicable jurisdictions. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent, including employees, managers, and executives, and to maintain appropriate staffing levels, is critical to our success. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including executives, other key managers, and employees with strong technological, analytical, and other skills and know-how necessary for us to run our vehicle and property insurance businesses. Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our facilities, systems, and business functions and the operation of various third-party systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information. These efforts include internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. Our business could be significantly damaged by a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyber attack. In addition to the potentially high costs of investigating and stopping such an event and implementing necessary fixes, we could incur substantial liability if confidential customer or employee information is stolen.