The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business, some of which are managed by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly, the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition to existing risks, any adoption or deployment of new technologies may increase our exposure to risks, breaches, or failures, which could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition. Furthermore, the company may have access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information that may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other contractually-imposed controls. Despite the company's use of reasonable and appropriate controls, material security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming or employee errors, and/or malfeasance could lead to the compromise or improper use of such sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information, resulting in possible negative consequences, such as fines, penalties, loss of reputation or competitiveness, or other negative impacts to the company's results of operations or financial condition. The company is devoting significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of acquired companies, which includes the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures also depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. If the company is unable to avoid risks associated with expanding its global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. The company's operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in the company's margins or market shares. To compete successfully, the company must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer experience. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures taken during 2018 will increase 2019 operating income. The company believes many opportunities for profitable growth are available and intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure and transportation. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by successfully executing its initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable growth and financial performance, and engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency and productivity. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs, committing significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction.