We rely on technology to conduct our business and could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of those systems. We are vulnerable to the impact of attempts to breach data security involving our or our customers' information. The need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of these systems has become more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended, which could include failures resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall design or performance issues. Our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to bad weather, disasters, terrorism, and the like affecting our systems specifically or necessary infrastructure more broadly. We rely on other companies and on the information systems they maintain for the provision of products and services directly to us and for assistance in providing products and services to our customers. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of any of our information or communications systems, or the systems of other companies on which we rely, could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. We are faced with ongoing efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. The ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the transmission and storage of confidential information in electronic form. Efforts by bad actors to engage in various types of cyber attacks pose a serious risk to our business and reputation. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs are designed to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology, or suppliers. We have devoted significant resources towards improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats. We continue to rely on many manual processes to conduct our business and manage our risks. The use of automation tools does not eliminate the need for effective design and monitoring of their operation to ensure they operate as intended. We are subject to intense competition from various financial institutions as well as from non-bank entities that engage in many similar activities without being subject to bank regulatory supervision and restrictions. The ability to access and use technology is an increasingly important competitive factor in the financial services industry. Having the right technology is a critically important component to customer satisfaction as it affects our ability to deliver the products and services that customers desire in a manner that they find convenient and attractive. We have been investing in technology and connectivity to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise to enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy customer demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, and create efficiencies in our operations. We strive to differentiate the customer experience and drive transformation and automation. A key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network.