Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our manufacturing equipment is becoming increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure, or information technology and infrastructure of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to attacks by malicious actors or breached due to human error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of customer information, disrupt the services we provide to customers, and damage our reputation. Our commitment to operating excellence guides everything we do. We are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees. We employ rigorous training and audit programs to drive ongoing improvement in both personal and process safety as we strive for zero incidents. Optimizing utilization rates at our refineries through reliable and safe operations enables us to capture the value available in the market in terms of prices and margins. We strive to attract, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Throughout the company, we focus on getting results in the right way and believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to emissions into the atmosphere, the handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal, and cleanup of hazardous materials and hazardous and nonhazardous wastes. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. The adoption of climate change legislation or regulation could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the refined petroleum products we produce. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil, NGL, and refined petroleum products. A prolonged disruption of the ability of a pipeline or vessel to transport crude oil, NGL, or refined petroleum products to or from one or more of our refineries or other facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.