We are in the process of implementing information technology (IT) solutions, which could temporarily disrupt day-to-day operations at certain operating units. Continued development and implementation of the IT solutions will require substantial financial and personnel resources. While the IT solutions are intended to improve and enhance our information systems, implementation of new information systems at each operating unit exposes us to the risks of start-up of the new system and integration of that system with our existing systems and processes, including possible disruption of our financial reporting. There is no guarantee that we will realize economic or other intended benefits from continued development and implementation of the IT solutions. Additionally, the IT solutions may not be developed or implemented as timely or as accurately as planned. Failure to properly implement the IT solutions could result in substantial disruptions to our business, including coordinating and processing our normal business activities, testing and recording of certain data necessary to provide oversight over our disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal controls over our financial reporting, and other unforeseen problems. Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay or cancellation. The timing of or failure to obtain contracts, delays in awards of, start dates for or completion of projects and the cancellations of projects could result in significant periodic fluctuations in our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may also encounter difficulties as a result of delays in design, engineering information or materials to be completed or procured by us, the customer or a third party; delays or difficulties in equipment and material delivery; schedule changes; delays due to our or our customers' failure to timely obtain permits or rights of way or meet other regulatory requirements or permitting conditions; weather-related delays; protests, legal challenges or other political activity; and other factors. Furthermore, regulatory requirements for a project may change during the course of our work, which can result in the suspension of work as permits are reissued or updated. Our ability to maintain our productivity and profitability is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We may not be able to maintain an adequately skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. We are also subject to operational hazards, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. Our business is subject to significant operational hazards due to the nature of services we provide and the conditions in which we operate. These hazards include electricity, fires, explosions, leaks, collisions, mechanical failures, offshore operation risks, and damage from severe weather conditions. We rely on computer, information, and communications technology and systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information. We also collect and retain information about our customers, stockholders, vendors, and employees, all of which expect that we will adequately protect such information. Breaches of our data security systems, which could result from cyber-attacks, the accidental release of sensitive information by an employee, or acts of terrorism against us, our customers and/or our vendors, could cause service disruption or, in extreme circumstances, infiltration into, damage to or loss of control of our customers' energy infrastructure systems. Any such breach could subject us to significant liabilities, cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, or result in regulatory investigations or other actions by governmental authorities. We continue to implement comprehensive IT solutions that we believe will allow for the interface between functions such as accounting and finance, human resources, operations, and fleet management.