The considerable expansion in the use of social media and digital marketing over recent years has compounded the potential scope of any negative publicity. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. These technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. If we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, which could result in higher than anticipated costs or impair our operating results. We are exposed to cyber-attacks and data breaches, including the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining integrity and security of our business information, as well as personal data of our guests, employees, and business partners. The breadth and scope of these attacks, as well as the techniques and sophistication used to conduct these attacks, have grown over time. A successful cyber-attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party's inadequate care. In either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand, and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in systems technology, personnel, monitoring, and other investments. We are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information. In the course of doing business, we collect large volumes of employee, customer, and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information and individual credit data, for various business purposes. We are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, and transfer of personally identifiable information and individual credit data. Complying with emerging and changing international requirements has caused, and may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. If we fail to comply with the various applicable data collection and privacy laws, we could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation, or other expenses, and our business could be adversely impacted. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. Our reliance on third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses exposes us to risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business. We rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. Any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods of the required quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. Events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, increased demand, problems in production or distribution, and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems.