Information or data security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee, or other private and valuable information that we handle in the ordinary course of our business, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and increase our costs. We rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Poorly targeting opportunities, failing to make good investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology system changes could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our employees or by third parties. If our information systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are forecasting approximately $600 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, initial investment in our next distribution center, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include costs related to information technology systems, corporate, and other. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high-quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that represent a value to our customers. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our off-price model in current markets and in new geographic regions. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings.