Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology ("IT") infrastructure, which could result from cyber-attacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security, as well as from damaging weather or other acts of nature. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, given the unpredictability, nature, and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. We could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromise of confidential or otherwise protected information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, and other manipulation or improper use of our or third-party systems, networks, or products. We are subject to litigation, environmental, product safety, and other legal and compliance risks, including those related to cybersecurity and data privacy and protection laws and regulations, which are evolving and present increasing compliance challenges. Our reliance on suppliers and third-party manufacturing exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of materials, which could impact our operational efficiency and competitive position. The success of future acquisitions and divestitures will depend on our ability to integrate acquired businesses with our operations, applying our internal controls processes to these acquired businesses, or in managing strategic investments. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules, execution of internal and external performance plans, and availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials. We seek to achieve growth through the design, development, production, sale, and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. Our financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the construction and aerospace industries, which are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, regulatory changes, interest rates, and customer attrition. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations, economic conditions, trade policies, and changes in local government regulation. We must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export of products, services, and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. Our contracts with the U.S. government are also subject to audit, and we have received audit reports recommending that certain contract prices should be reduced or that certain payments should be delayed, refunded, or withheld to comply with various government regulations. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have invested in certain countries that carry high levels of currency, political, compliance, and economic risk, and we expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as our businesses evolve.