We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including technological failure, changes to our systems, and linkages with third-party systems, which can have a significant impact on our business and operations. We must process, record, and monitor a large number of transactions, and our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, and cyber attacks. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses due to technology or other operational failures or errors. We rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, processing, servicing, and support functions, and any significant failures by them could cause us to incur losses and harm our reputation. Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, partly due to the use of the internet and mobile technologies to conduct financial transactions. Our systems and those of other financial institutions have been targets of cyber attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data. We continuously monitor our systems and work collaboratively with government agencies and other financial institutions to address potential threats. We have designed and implemented an information security program to protect systems, client accounts, and data. Our operational risks arise due to potential inadequacies or failures related to people, internal processes, and systems, or from external events impacting the company and its key business partners. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and we use periodic risk and control self-assessments to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. We have established an enterprise risk management framework that incorporates our purpose, vision, and values to enable a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered by Schwab in its business activities. Our risk management process includes risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The global risk committee is responsible for the oversight of risk management, including identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but violations could occur. Our technology systems must be reliable and scalable, and we devote substantial attention and resources to ensure their integrity. We face risks related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients' personal information to gain access to clients' financial accounts. Security breaches could result in significant liability and damage to our reputation. We also face risks related to the management of our technology infrastructure, which is critical to our operational efficiency and effectiveness.