The oilfield service industry is highly competitive, and our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business, including systems operated by or under the control of third parties. Although we devote significant resources to protect our systems and proprietary data, we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur. If our systems, or the systems of third parties for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, or we are subject to ransomware or other attacks, this could result in disruptions to our business operations; unauthorized access to (or the loss of company access to) competitively sensitive, confidential or other critical data or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory fines; misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information. Our financial performance in 2018 was driven largely by North America, where revenue increased due to the onestim business, which grew significantly. This growth was driven by increased land activity that benefited from operational efficiency improvements and improved pricing. The dramatic fall in oil prices in the fourth quarter was largely driven by higher-than-expected U.S. shale production as a result of the surge in activity earlier in the year, indicating a need for firms to adapt their operational strategies and technology deployments in response to market dynamics. Looking ahead, we expect a more positive supply-and-demand balance sentiment to lead to a gradual recovery in the price of oil over the course of the year, as production cuts take full effect. The combination of these factors highlights the importance of leveraging IT capabilities and resources to enhance decision-making speed and operational flexibility in a volatile market environment. Our ability to transfer people, products, and data among certain countries is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with laws and regulations, emphasizing the need for robust IT governance and management skills. As we navigate through complex regulatory contexts and market uncertainties, our focus on technology management and strategic resource allocation will be critical in optimizing our business processes and enhancing our organizational capabilities. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety, and environmental risks, necessitating effective information management and process optimization to mitigate potential liabilities. Our strategic management practices must adapt to the evolving landscape of digital transformation and operational challenges, ensuring that we remain competitive and responsive to customer demands while maintaining compliance with increasingly stringent regulations.