BB&T invests significant resources in information technology system enhancements to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. The company may not be able to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements, which could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The integration of operations following the merger with SunTrust could result in a loss of key personnel or cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined company's businesses. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on BB&T's ability to successfully integrate SunTrust's operations in a manner that results in various benefits and does not materially disrupt existing customer relationships. BB&T's business is dynamic and complex, requiring management to evaluate and adjust the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment, which includes new technologies and evolving consumer preferences that will put pressure on market share and customer loyalty. The company faces intense competition within the financial services industry, necessitating the adaptation of products and services to evolving industry standards and customer expectations. The adoption of new technologies by competitors could require BB&T to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services. BB&T's ability to comply with regulations is dependent on its capacity to improve detection and reporting capabilities, particularly in relation to cybersecurity risks that could result in the disruption of operations or the disclosure of confidential information. The company relies on its associates, systems, and certain counterparties, and any failures could materially adversely affect operations. BB&T's business is dependent on the ability to process, record, and monitor a large number of complex transactions, and the company could be materially adversely affected if one or more of its associates cause a significant operational breakdown or failure. The financial services industry is subject to intense scrutiny from bank supervisors, and failure to comply with regulations may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, or regulatory sanctions. BB&T's risk management framework establishes an environment that enables it to achieve superior performance relative to peers, ensuring that sufficient capital is available to maintain and grow core business operations in a safe and sound manner. The company has established a risk management framework based on a "three lines of defense" model, which includes business units identifying, assessing, controlling, and reporting their group's risk profile. The enterprise risk committees provide oversight of the first and second lines of defense and communicate risk appetite and values. BB&T's effective risk management measures may not be fully effective, which may adversely impact its ability to manage risks to its business. The company is subject to operational risk arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems, or from external events, including cybersecurity threats that could affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the services provided. The board of directors is responsible for the oversight of cybersecurity risk, with various committees helping to set information security strategy and monitor technical risks. BB&T promotes data protection awareness and accountability through robust training for associates and has implemented internal policies to encourage the reporting of potential security risks.