Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels (in-store, online, mobile, social media, voice assistants, and smart home devices, among others). We must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract developments and investments by our competitors. Our evolving retailing efforts include implementing technology, software, and processes to be able to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill guest orders directly from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers and from our vendors. We also need to collect accurate, relevant, and usable guest data to personalize our offerings. Providing flexible fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex and may not meet expectations for accurate order fulfillment, faster and guaranteed delivery times, low-price or free shipping, and desired payment methods. If we are unable to successfully provide a relevant and reliable experience for our guests across multiple channels, our sales, results of operations, and reputation could be adversely affected. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process guest transactions, manage and maintain the privacy of guest data, communicate with our vendors and other third parties, service target-branded credit and debit card accounts, and summarize and analyze results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft, and impediments to our ability to manage inventories or process guest transactions, and encounter lost guest confidence. We continually invest to maintain and update our computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives, as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency and could negatively impact guest experience and guest confidence. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and selective acquisitions to improve guest experiences across multiple channels and improve our supply chain and inventory management systems. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling stores and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. If we are unable to successfully protect any intellectual property rights resulting from our investments, the value received from those investments may be eroded, which could adversely affect our financial condition. We rely on third parties to support our business, including portions of our technology infrastructure, development and support, our digital platforms and fulfillment operations, credit and debit card transaction processing, and the infrastructure supporting our guest contact centers. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support those strategies or integrate their products and services with our business, or if they fail to meet our performance standards and expectations, then our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that one of the reasons our guests prefer to shop at Target is the functionality, reliability, and speed of our digital channels and fulfillment options. Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers.