We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. Our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the U.S. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax, and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver, and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We cannot be sure that these systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented, maintained, or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain, or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information could be compromised or misappropriated, and our reputation may be adversely affected. Any unauthorized access to or control of our products or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings. We have designed, implemented, and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our products, and their systems. However, hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter, and use such networks, products, and systems to gain control of, or to change, our products' functionality, user interface, and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by our products. We encourage reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our products via our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and verified vulnerability. We are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities. Our corporate headquarters, the Tesla factory, and Gigafactory 1 are located in seismically active regions in northern California and Nevada. If major disasters such as earthquakes or other events occur, or our information system or communications network breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We may incur expenses relating to such damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. We may not be successful in undertaking this global expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs, establish sufficient worldwide automobile sales, delivery, service, and supercharger facilities in a timely manner, adapt our products and conduct our operations to meet local requirements, implement required local infrastructure, systems, and processes, and find and hire a significant number of additional manufacturing, engineering, service, electrical installation, construction, and administrative personnel.