Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches or disruptions of information technology systems. Breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, employee malfeasance, or human error. These events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations; result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Additionally, when responding to customers' requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture products based on forecasts of customers' demands. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. If we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources and utilities. Additionally, a breach of our suppliers' information technology systems could result in a release of our confidential or proprietary information. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry, including engineering, management, marketing, technical and staff personnel, are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results.