Our business relies heavily on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. We utilize information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, track items that move through our delivery systems, efficiently plan deliveries, execute billing processes, and track and report financial and operational data. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees, and others. We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, which impose significant costs likely to increase over time. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to various failures, including software upgrades, hardware failures, cyber-attacks, and human errors. The reliance on third-party information technology networks and systems for many aspects of our business operations introduces additional risks, as these third parties may also face data breaches and cyber-attacks that could impact our operations. Any events impacting our information technology networks or systems could result in disruptions in our operations, loss of customers, damage to our brand and reputation, regulatory scrutiny, and potential litigation. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly due to increasingly complex global cyber threats. Our business transformation strategy includes significant investments in technology to enhance operational efficiency and improve service delivery. The benefits of our efficiency and growth initiatives will not be fully realized until future periods. We continue to deploy and utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market. The integration of technology into our operations is critical for optimizing our business processes and enhancing our overall performance. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in technology infrastructure to support our operational capabilities and improve our responsiveness to market dynamics. The ongoing evolution of our IT capabilities is fundamental to our ability to adapt to changing business needs and directions, ultimately driving our competitive positioning and market-based performance.