Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to increase revenues from sales of our cystic fibrosis medicines. We are investing significant resources in the development of our next-generation CFTR corrector compounds, and if we are unable to show the safety and efficacy of these regimens, our business would be materially harmed. Our future product revenues depend on our ability to obtain adequate reimbursement for our products, and adverse pricing limitations or delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement would decrease our future net product revenues and harm our business. We face competition from major pharmaceutical companies, which possess substantially greater financial resources than we possess, and numerous smaller public and private companies that conduct research and seek patent protection. Our success in rapidly developing and commercializing our CF products may increase the resources that our competitors allocate to the development of these potential treatments. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not be able to acquire, in-license, or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to enhance our pipeline and research capabilities. Our collaborations require us to apply accounting policies that involve significant judgments and that have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. We rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials, and we may not be able to maintain these relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. Our business depends upon the successful development and commercialization of drug candidates, and our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop additional drug candidates for both CF and non-CF indications. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We must allocate resources among our various development programs and engage in expensive and lengthy testing of our drug candidates. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which could materially adversely affect our business. We have implemented security measures to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical to our business, and we face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors and other companies throughout our industry. We are subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage, and use of proprietary information and personally-identifying information. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and failure to comply with laws regarding data protection would expose us to risks of enforcement actions taken by data protection authorities.