The following discussion identifies significant operational risks that may adversely affect our business, including cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees, as well as disruptions to our or our customers' operations. The preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated with cyber attacks may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a major cyber attack in the future. The inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and a loss of market share to other communications providers. Our increasing presence in the IoT industry with offerings of telematics products and services could also increase our exposure to potential costs and expenses and reputational harm in the event of cyber attacks impacting these products or services. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business. If these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity, and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, and the quality of our customer service. We must adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. If we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations. Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. In addition, changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. We are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. Verizon has significant debt, which could increase further if Verizon incurs additional debt in the future and does not retire existing debt. Our costs of maintaining benefit plans have a significant impact on our profitability. We expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. Our industries are rapidly changing as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs and allow new entrants into the markets we serve. If we are unable to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services and be unable to implement our business strategy. The costs associated with a major cyber attack on Verizon could include increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption, and litigation.