Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate assets. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To mitigate risks associated with our investments, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other things. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we generally aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our investments generate cash from net operating income. Permanent financing for future investments has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. Our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. We may be forced to sell our interest in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations. These risks include fluctuations in occupancy, economic conditions, competition, and the availability and increases in cost of labor. Our operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. We cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisitions, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities. Our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted. We also rely on our partners to manage properties efficiently and effectively, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information. Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data, and other electronic security breaches. Such cyber-attacks can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats. While we employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber-attack.