The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management's plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, and market conditions. Our ability to acquire new businesses and assets and successfully integrate those operations and assets into existing businesses is critical for expanding our capabilities. The financial condition of our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas supplies and demand for those supplies in the markets we serve. We face opposition to the operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from various individuals and groups, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our growth strategy includes significant capital projects and acquisitions, which require effective execution and timely identification of investment opportunities. We have invested significant time, manpower, and capital in our information technology infrastructure, which is essential for processing, transmitting, and storing electronic information. The age and condition of our current information technology infrastructure could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. We regularly face cybersecurity and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could result in damage to our assets, reputational harm, and significant costs associated with remediation and litigation. Our reliance on third-party vendors for certain accounting and information technology services could lead to service disruptions and negatively impact our operations. We are subject to operational risks associated with the gathering, transporting, storage, processing, and treating of natural gas, including cybersecurity risks. The effectiveness of our information technology infrastructure is critical for operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. Our ability to maintain and expand our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses depends on our management's capability to execute our financing plan and effectively manage our growth. The development and rate of adoption of alternative energy sources could reduce demand for natural gas in our markets, impacting our business performance. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, tribal, and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized, driving low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers, which includes natural gas gathering, processing, treating, and compression. Our business plan includes a continued focus on growing our fee-based businesses, executing growth projects, and accomplishing cost discipline initiatives to ensure operations support our strategy. We expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation.