Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs, and our online operations. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes, and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates or contractors. Our information systems are not fully redundant, and if our systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. Our strategy includes acquisitions, joint ventures, investments in ecommerce, technology, store remodels, and other customer initiatives. The success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to build and deliver a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and is further subject to the risks we face. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, are regularly subject to cyber-attacks. Those attacks involve attempts to gain access to our ecommerce websites or mobile commerce applications to obtain and make unauthorized use of customers' or members' payment information. Such attacks, if successful, may create denials of service or otherwise disable, degrade, or sabotage one or more of our digital platforms and significantly disrupt our customers' and members' shopping experience. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage, and deterioration of our competitive position. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels. Any failure to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low-cost and rapid delivery options could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of ecommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, and have a material adverse impact on the growth of our ecommerce business globally. We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Each of our segments competes for customers, employees, digital prominence, products and services, and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional, national, and global ecommerce and omni-channel retailers.