We depend on positive perceptions of the safety, quality, and efficacy of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. The animal health industry is competitive, and we face competition in the regions in which we operate. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We are committed to enhancing the health of animals and bringing solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We seek to deliver more innovations across core areas of vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, and the complementary spaces we have been adding over time such as genetics, biodevices, digital and data analytics. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our portfolio of vaccines, therapeutics, and diagnostics will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. Our operational growth is defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We believe that it is important to not only understand overall revenue and earnings growth but also operational growth. Our revenue is primarily derived from our diversified product portfolio of medicines, vaccines, and diagnostic products used to treat and protect livestock and companion animals. The depth of our product portfolio enables us to address the varying needs of customers in different species and geographies. We have made substantial investments in our information technology systems to manage our operations, process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. Our reliance on complex information systems makes us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack. Cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. We may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, breaches of security, or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. We rely on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers, and suppliers around the world. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. We also depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems.