item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risks and cautionary factors that may affect future results in item 1a. risk factors.
description of our company we are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. we are a leading international tobacco company engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, as well as smoke-free products, associated electronic devices and accessories, and other nicotine-containing products in markets outside the united states. in addition, we ship versions of our platform 1 device and consumables to altria group, inc. for sale under license in the united states, where these products have received marketing authorizations from the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda") under the premarket tobacco product application ("pmta") pathway; the fda has also authorized the marketing of a version of our platform 1 device and its consumables as a modified risk tobacco product ("mrtp"), finding that an exposure modification order for these products is appropriate to promote the public health. we are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke.  through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. our smoke-free product portfolio includes heat-not-burn and nicotine-containing vapor products.
we manage our business in six operating segments:
•middle east & africa ("me&a"), which includes our international duty free business;
•latin america & canada ("la&c"), which includes transactions under license with altria group, inc. for the distribution of our platform 1 product in the united states.
our cigarettes are sold in more than 175 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. we have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. in addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). rrps is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking.
we use the term net revenues to refer to our operating revenues from the sale of our products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes. our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. mix is a term used to refer to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands in any given market (product mix). mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets (geographic mix).
our cost of sales consists principally of: tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers. estimated costs associated with device warranty programs are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized.
our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. the most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses.
philip morris international inc. is a legal entity separate and distinct from its direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our right, and thus the right of our creditors and stockholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is subject to the prior rights of creditors of such subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of our company itself as a creditor may be recognized. as a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law.
executive summary the following executive summary provides the business update and significant highlights from the discussion and analysis that follows.
consolidated operating results
•net revenues - net revenues of $28.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, decreased by $1.1 billion, or 3.7%, from the comparable 2019 amount, and were impacted by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, particularly in the second quarter of 2020 and continuing throughout the second half of the year. the change in our net revenues from the comparable 2019 amount was driven by the following (variances not to scale):
net revenues, excluding unfavorable currency, decreased by 2.2%, reflecting: unfavorable volume/mix, primarily due to lower cigarette volume (mainly in argentina, indonesia, italy, japan, mexico, the philippines, pmi duty free, poland, russia and ukraine, partly offset by germany), partially offset by higher heated tobacco unit volume (notably in the eu, japan, russia and ukraine, partly offset by pmi duty free); and the unfavorable impact of $253 million, shown in "cost/other," mainly resulting from the deconsolidation of our canadian subsidiary, rothman, benson & hedges, inc. ("rbh"), effective march 22, 2019, and lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets; partly offset by a favorable pricing variance (notably driven by the gulf cooperation council, germany, japan, mexico, north africa, the philippines, pmi duty free, russia and ukraine, partially offset by indonesia, poland and turkey). for further details on the deconsolidation of rbh, see item 8, note 17. contingencies and note 20. deconsolidation of rbh. the gulf cooperation council ("gcc") is defined as bahrain, kuwait, oman, qatar, saudi arabia and the united arab emirates (uae).
•diluted earnings per share - the changes in our reported diluted earnings per share ("diluted eps") for the year ended december 31, 2020, from the comparable 2019 amounts, were as follows:
diluted eps   % growth
2019 asset impairment and exit costs        0.23
2019 loss on deconsolidation of rbh        0.12
2019 fair value adjustment for equity security investments      (0.02)
subtotal of 2019 items        0.58
2020 asset impairment and exit costs      (0.08)
2020 fair value adjustment for equity security investments      (0.04)
subtotal of 2020 items      (0.01)
change in tax rate        0.05