The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting unprecedented measures, such as restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. The pandemic has at times significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. The company has reopened all of its retail stores and substantially all of its other facilities, subject to operating restrictions to protect public health and the health and safety of employees and customers, and it continues to work on safely reopening the remainder of its facilities, subject to local rules and regulations. During the fourth quarter of 2021, certain of the company's component suppliers and logistical service providers experienced disruptions, resulting in supply shortages that affected sales worldwide. The extent of the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the company's operational and financial performance is uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the company's control, including the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, aligning with the location of the company's customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The year-over-year growth in research and development expense in 2021 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses, research and development-related professional services and infrastructure-related costs. The company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and unrestricted marketable securities, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. The company's material cash requirements include contractual and other obligations, including outstanding floating- and fixed-rate notes, commercial paper, lease arrangements, manufacturing purchase obligations, and other purchase obligations. The company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. The evaluation of the company's uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws. The company continues to believe that its reserves are reasonable, but no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome will not be different from that which is reflected in the company's reserves. The resolution of legal matters and uncertain tax positions in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations could have a material impact on the company's financial condition and operating results. The company’s effective tax rate for 2021 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, tax benefits from share-based compensation and foreign-derived intangible income deductions.