Although the current COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business operations and practices, we experienced limited disruptions during 2021. We are taking safety measures to protect our employees who are in the office and support those employees who work from home. We are also monitoring our operations and public health measures implemented by governmental authorities in response to the pandemic. COVID-19 also continues to impact the global supply chain, causing disruptions to service providers, logistics and the flow and availability of supplies and products. Despite these challenges, we took action to maintain a stable supply of materials to meet our production requirements and delivered incremental supply throughout the year. We also experienced strong customer demand in 2021 and made strategic investments through long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements in our supply chain to secure additional capacity to support future revenue growth. For example, we amended our wafer supply agreement with GlobalFoundries Inc. to modify certain terms applicable to wafer purchases from December 23, 2021, continuing through December 31, 2025. Under the amendment, GlobalFoundries will provide a minimum annual capacity allocation to us for years 2022 through 2025, and we have corresponding annual wafer targets. We also agreed to wafer pricing through 2025, and we are obligated to pre-pay certain amounts for those wafers in 2022 and 2023. Our leadership portfolio of high-performance products, robust customer demand, and consistent execution helped drive strong financial results in 2021. We introduced a number of high-performance products in 2021, including the AMD Ryzen mobile processor family and the AMD Ryzen Pro series mobile processors, designed for business laptops. The AMD Ryzen Pro series mobile processors are built to provide powerful computing experiences with security features for demanding business environments like remote working. We also launched several graphics products during 2021, including the AMD Radeon RX 6700 XT graphics card and the AMD Radeon RX 6000M series mobile graphics designed for high-performance gaming laptops. Our strategic initiatives to enhance our product offerings and operational capabilities have positioned us to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash flows from operations along with our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures and purchase commitments, over the next 12 months and beyond. Our strong financial results and growing cash flow generation have enabled us to undertake strategic investments and maintain operational flexibility, which are critical for sustaining organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and market volatility. We are committed to adapting our strategies and resource deployment to ensure continued performance maintenance and organizational effectiveness, thereby reinforcing our competitive advantage in a turbulent market environment.