Amgen's approach to human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry, focusing on six commercial areas and conducting discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. We accomplished our objectives while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation and advancing our ESG efforts. Throughout the pandemic, we experienced changes in demand for some of our products, which interrupted many physician-patient interactions, leading to delays in diagnoses and treatments. We have been closely monitoring the pandemic's effects on our global operations and have taken appropriate steps to minimize risks to our employees. Our remote working arrangements have not significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations, and we have not experienced disruptions to or shortages of our supply of medicines. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in their provision of care to patients and in our provision of investigational drug supply. Despite the ongoing pandemic, we believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through various sources, including cash provided by operating activities and access to domestic and foreign debt markets. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including increasing pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures. We continue to expect quarter-to-quarter variability due to the unpredictable nature of the pandemic and other changes in the healthcare ecosystem that may introduce variability into product sales trends. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, regularly setting targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment-grade credit ratings. We are committed to maintaining a strategic approach to capital allocation, including repayment of debt, payment of dividends, and stock repurchases, reflecting our confidence in future cash flows and our desire to optimize our cost of capital. We are continuously monitoring COVID-19 infection rates and working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials. We will continue to closely monitor the effects of emerging COVID-19 variants on patient behavior and access to care, expecting ongoing variability in demand patterns as a result.