The global coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic continues to disrupt and have unpredictable impacts on our global society, economies, financial markets, and business activities. We are actively monitoring and evaluating developments as the situation evolves and will continue to take further actions in our approach to address COVID-19. We have prioritized the protection of our employees during this pandemic, and as a result, our offices across the globe have remained closed, limiting access to facilities-based employees and a limited number of employees on a voluntary basis, and continue to impose some travel restrictions. In addition, our manufacturing and supply chain operations have experienced significant constraints, with component shortages, increased supply chain costs, and delays broadly impacting the industry as a whole. We continue to work closely with our contract manufacturers and supply chain partners who have experienced delays in component sourcing, workforce disruptions, and governmental restrictions on the production and export of their products. Although we have worked diligently to drive improvements in these areas, including funding additional working capital and incremental purchase commitments, these delays have negatively impacted our ability to supply products to our customers on a timely basis. We have increased our purchase commitments and expect to continue to invest in working capital to address delays in component sourcing and the risk of future COVID-19 related supply chain disruptions, but we cannot be certain that such delays or disruptions will not occur. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic, the breadth and duration of governmental containment measures, the success of the COVID-19 vaccination deployment, and the impact on our customers, partners, employees, contract manufacturers, and supply chain, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. However, any continued or renewed disruption in manufacturing and supply resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or related containment measures could negatively impact our business. We also believe that any extended or renewed COVID-19 related economic disruption could have a negative impact on demand from our customers in future periods. We expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners in order to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our ability to rapidly develop new features and applications. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. The programmability of EOS has allowed us to expand our software applications to address the ever-increasing demands of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, analytics, and network detection and response, and has further allowed us to integrate rapidly with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer and supplier liabilities. These estimates depend on our assessment of current and expected orders from our customers, product development plans, and current sales levels. In addition, current industry-wide supply chain shortages have resulted in extended lead times for components and have required us to extend the time horizon of our demand forecasts.