Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We connect consumers who wish to make travel reservations with travel service providers around the world through our online platforms. We continue to increase the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands to provide consumers with the most comprehensive services. The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting implementation of travel restrictions by governments around the world resulted in a significant decline in travel activities and consumer demand for related services. Since the beginning of the second quarter of 2020 and through 2021, accommodation room night declines versus the comparable period in 2019 have generally improved as government-imposed travel restrictions have eased, vaccines and other medical interventions have become more widespread, and consumer demand for travel has started to rebound. We have observed an improvement in cancellation rates since the high in April 2020, though we have seen periods of elevated cancellation rates typically coinciding with significant increases in COVID-19 cases and newly imposed restrictions. In 2021, we saw an increase in the share of room nights booked for international travel versus 2020; however, the share remained well below 2019 levels. We believe that we have an opportunity to grow the size of our business beyond pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels in both mature and less mature markets. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel connected by a payment platform, which we refer to as the "connected trip," and we expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our marketing expenses, which are comprised of performance marketing and brand marketing expenses, declined significantly as a result of the negative impact on travel demand due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We rely on our marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on the sale of travel-related services. The extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and growth prospects is highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future developments. Our continued access to sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors, including global economic conditions, the condition of global financial markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, our ability to meet debt covenant requirements, our operating performance, and our credit ratings. We cannot predict the long-term effects of the pandemic on our business or the travel and restaurant industries as a whole. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required in sufficient amounts and on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to compete or our future growth prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect to see periods of gross bookings growth rate acceleration, which will likely result in periods where our operating margins are negatively impacted due to the timing difference of when marketing expense is recorded and when revenue is recognized.