In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we adopted several procedures focused on ensuring the continued supply of our medicines to our patients and protecting the health, wellbeing, and safety of our workforce. We are maintaining our steadfast commitment to protecting our workforce, communities, and patients, and ensuring the continued supply of life-saving medicines. Our manufacturing sites have remained open throughout the pandemic supported by on-site personnel. We have taken a thoughtful and phased approach to bringing the rest of our workforce back to our 195 plus sites around the world, guided by principles such as serving the needs of our patients and customers, prioritizing health and safety, and following medical advice and government direction. Our clinical and commercial supply chain teams have proactively used mitigation plans to ensure our products reach our markets, clinical sites, and patients over the past months. Thanks to these efforts, we have not seen any significant disruptions in our clinical or commercial supply chain due to the pandemic. We recognize this remains a challenging time for everyone, and we know patients may be facing additional hardships. Our existing patient support programs are available to help eligible patients in the U.S. who have been prescribed a Bristol Myers Squibb medicine and have lost employment and health insurance due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are also continuing to employ remote interactions as appropriate to ensure continued support for healthcare professionals, patient care, and access to our medicines across our global markets. Our strategy is to combine the resources, scale, and capability of a pharmaceutical company with the speed and focus on innovation of the biotech industry. We remain committed to reducing our debt and returning capital to shareholders. Our operating model continues to evolve, and we have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D, and manufacturing resources on key brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We expect the growth in our in-line and new product portfolio will enable us to more than offset the expected decline in revenues due to the loss of market exclusivity for certain products. We are building on the continued success of our key brands and remain strongly committed to our innovative pipeline, which contributes to our organizational resilience by ensuring adaptability and responsiveness to market changes and external pressures. Our commitment to strategic initiatives and inter-organizational collaboration enhances our organizational capabilities, allowing us to confront challenges and maintain operational continuity amidst adversity.