Our primary focus during the COVID-19 pandemic has been the safety and wellbeing of our employees and their families, as well as the seamless functioning of the firm in serving our investors who have entrusted us with their capital, and our shareholders. Our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting a remote work model, and we have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm, including increased cadence of group calls and updates, and frequent communication across leadership and working levels. We have also leveraged technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong. Our investment committees have continued to convene as needed, and the firm has continued to operate across investment, asset management, and corporate support functions. The business environment is materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions globally. The economic conditions strongly rebounded in 2021, particularly in the U.S., which was significantly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. We have benefited from meaningful fundraising momentum in our perpetual capital strategies, which represent an increasing percentage of our total assets under management. Robust economic activity in the U.S. has supported substantial recovery in investments in our real estate portfolio that were impacted by the pandemic, and continued strength in our logistics and U.S. multifamily investments. However, heightened competition for workers, global supply chain issues, and rising input costs have contributed to increasing wages and other inputs, which pressure profit margins. The valuations of certain investments, particularly in the hospitality sector, may be negatively impacted if such companies cannot successfully identify and execute on means to mitigate margin pressures. The acceleration of inflation in the U.S. is likely to continue in the near- to medium-term, which could negatively impact certain assets with long-term leases that do not provide for short-term rent increases. Our strategies have oriented their portfolios toward investments in sectors and markets where we see opportunities for stronger relative growth, with better insulation from inflation pressure. The segment distributable earnings in our private equity segment in 2021 were higher compared to 2020, primarily driven by an increase in fee-related earnings and net realizations. Favorable market conditions contributed to significant realizations and meaningful capital deployment opportunities. Nevertheless, another significant market downturn could pose material risks to our hedge fund solutions segment, including potentially causing investors to seek liquidity in the form of redemptions from our funds and adversely impacting management fees. Our funds have continued to actively manage their portfolios to limit downside and protect capital. The increase in fee-related earnings was attributable to increases in management fees and performance revenues, partially offset by increases in compensation and operating expenses. The increase in net realizations was attributable to higher realized performance revenues and principal investment income. The credit and insurance segment also benefited from favorable liquidity conditions in 2021. The acceleration of inflation and interest rate increases could adversely affect segment distributable earnings, although our current portfolio is relatively insulated because much of our debt portfolio is floating rate and/or short duration.