The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacting the business of our customers and partners, which in turn has affected our business and results of operations. As our employees, customers, and partners begin to work in person on a periodic basis, we have launched our success from anywhere initiative and leveraged flex team agreements to decide how, when, and where our employees work. Using Slack as our digital headquarters, regardless of where employees work, employees are able to connect, share information, and get work done. We continue to invest for future growth and are focused on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption and increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers. We plan to continue to reinvest a significant portion of our income from operations in future periods to grow and innovate our business and service offerings. We drive innovation organically and, to a lesser extent, through acquisitions, evaluating opportunities in complementary businesses and technologies to expand our service offerings. Our aggressive growth plans and integration of previously acquired businesses have incurred significant expenses, which may result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. We have experienced more variation from our forecasted expectations of new business activity due to longer and less predictable sales cycles and increasing complexity of our business. The expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to risks of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, which could impact our future results and our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which have helped keep our attrition rate consistent. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. We expect to make investments and acquisitions in the future to continue our growth and expand our service offerings. Our overall acquisition strategy may evolve to require integration and business operation changes that may result in incremental income tax costs. We believe that effectively managing our priority environmental, social, and governance topics will help create long-term value for our investors. We continue to support science-based climate policies and decarbonization actions intended to limit the global average temperature increase. Our climate action plan includes achieving net zero residual emissions across our full value chain and procuring electricity from renewable energy resources equivalent to 100 percent of the energy used globally. We invest in programs designed to enhance employee success and create a safe, healthy, and engaging working environment. Our ESG initiatives are aligned with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, although they are aspirational and may change. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth, and while we continue to make investments in our infrastructure, our strategy may change related to these investments.