Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition, and our results of operations. We aspire to move money and information in a way that moves the world by delivering superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation, and excellence in everything we do. We achieve this through active portfolio management of our business, enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, being disciplined in our allocation of capital, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and innovation in real-time payments infrastructure. To meet rising business and consumer expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. The rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce has created opportunities for merchants to reach consumers in high-growth online and mobile settings, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty as to general global economic and market conditions. We believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. We engage in regular communication with the banks that participate in our revolving credit facility. We maintain U.S. and euro commercial paper notes programs to access funding for general corporate purposes at favorable rates and to provide a source of liquidity. Our ability to continue to service debt and meet lease and other obligations as they come due depends on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We expect to benefit over the long term from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace. The COVID-19 pandemic has also caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting travel, limiting non-essential visitors to our facilities, and establishing a variety of safety protocols at facilities. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. Our operations are comprised of segments that provide a wide range of commerce-enabling solutions to merchants of all sizes and types around the world. We expect to recognize a gain on the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to its fair value at the acquisition date. We frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the necessary business assets to execute our strategy. We expect to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service, or technology that helps meet client demand.