In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have focused on maintaining a supply of our medicines; reducing the strain on the medical system; developing treatments for COVID-19; protecting the health, safety, and well-being of our employees; supporting our communities; and ensuring affordability of and access to our medicines, particularly insulin. The focus of resources on COVID-19, widespread protective measures implemented to control the spread of COVID-19, and the resulting strain on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets have negatively impacted development, manufacturing, supply, distribution, and sales of our medicines. We have experienced decreased demand as a result of lack of "normal" access and fewer in-person interactions by patients and our employees with healthcare professionals. The availability of superior or competitive therapies, including therapies that can be administered more easily, or preventative measures such as vaccines, coupled with the unpredictable nature of pandemics, have and could further negatively impact or eliminate demand for our COVID-19 therapies. The strain on global transportation, logistics, and labor markets caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain materials resulting in changed buying patterns and constrained supply have had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs to provide a consistent supply of our medicines where they are needed and potential disruptions in the supply of our medications. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. Our management has invested in large-scale manufacturing of COVID-19 antibodies at risk, in order to ensure rapid access to patients around the world. We recognize that the COVID-19 pandemic has, and may continue to, adversely impact our business and operations, and the degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect us will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and beyond our knowledge or control. We plan to invest more than $1 billion over several years in a new facility in Concord, North Carolina to manufacture parenteral products and devices. We plan to invest more than 400 million euros over several years in a new facility in Limerick, Ireland to expand our manufacturing network for biologic active ingredients. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. We are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to our COVID-19 therapies, heightened regulatory scrutiny of our manufacturing practices, and the unpredictable nature of pandemics, which may adversely affect our business and operations.