As the world continues to respond to COVID-19, we are working to do our part by ensuring the safety of our employees, striving to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, and providing technology and resources to our customers to help them do their best work while remote. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to impact our business operations and financial operating results, and there is uncertainty in the nature and degree of its continued effects over time. We saw improvement in customer advertising spend and savings in operating expenses related to COVID-19, but experienced weakness in transactional licensing. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We are committed to investing in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continuing to make acquisitions that align with our business strategy. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. We have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax related to the TCJA, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss.