The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. While most of our productions have resumed, certain of our productions continue to experience disruption, as do the productions of our third-party content suppliers. Production disruptions and new health and safety protocols and requirements can result in additional costs including additional pay to cast and crew and use of PPE and testing. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local, or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and stockholders. The increase in operating margin is due primarily to content amortization growing at a slower rate as compared to the 19% increase in revenues in part as a result of delays in content releases due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues from 61% to 58% is primarily due to delays in content releases due to the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in content amortization growing at a slower rate as compared to the growth in revenue. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global content, particularly in original content. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. We anticipate that our future capital needs from the debt market will be more limited compared to prior years. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing, and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery, and personnel-related costs. We have built our own global content delivery network ("Open Connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. Our business model is subscription-based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make strategic acquisitions and investments, and for certain other activities like share repurchases. The increase in payments for content assets was primarily driven by delays in productions resulting from the pandemic that impacted the prior year, which resulted in the timing of certain production payments being shifted into the current year. We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months.