Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. The company's purpose is to make the world work better for everyone. The Now platform enables us to connect systems, silos, departments, and processes with digital workflows that are simple and easy to use. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the Now platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to focus on maintaining business continuity, helping our employees, customers, and communities, and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. The extent and continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on certain developments including the duration and spread of the outbreak and new variant strains of the virus; the availability and distribution of effective vaccines; the severity of the economic decline attributable to the pandemic and timing, nature, and sustainability of economic recovery; and government responses, including vaccination or testing mandates, all of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. The impact, if any, of these and any additional operational changes we may implement is uncertain but changes we have implemented have not affected and are not expected to affect our ability to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. We have generated positive operating cash flows over the last ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2022. Our working capital requirements are principally comprised of non-contract workforce salaries, bonuses, commissions, and benefits and, to a lesser extent, cancellable and non-cancelable licenses and services arrangements that are integral to our business operations, and operating lease obligations. We expect payment for the investment in Celonis SE of $100 million in the first quarter of 2022. To grow our business, we also invest in capital and expand our facilities to enable our data centers and workforce and consider strategic acquisitions of technology and businesses to supplement our technology portfolio. We have also issued long-term debt to finance our business. Our free cash flows, together with our other sources of liquidity, are available to service our liabilities as well as our cancellable and non-cancellable arrangements. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic in 2022 and its impact on customer acquisition and renewal rates. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2022, to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products, but remain relatively flat as a percentage of revenue compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The changes we have implemented have not affected and are not expected to affect our ability to maintain operations.