The COVID-19 pandemic continued during fiscal year 2022, impacting demand from customers, supply chain availability, and logistical services, which may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. Consumer and enterprise behavior during the pandemic has made it more difficult to estimate future demand, and these challenges may be more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Our manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases extend to twelve months or longer, requiring us to make estimates of customers' future demand. These conditions could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess inventory, and making our demand forecast more uncertain. We have placed non-cancellable inventory orders for certain supply in advance of our historical lead times, paid premiums, and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity, which may trigger excess inventory or other charges if there is a partial or complete reduction in long-term demand for our products. The overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 0.9% in fiscal year 2022. We believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with commercial paper arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, debt repayments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future capital requirements. As our offices begin to reopen, we expect to incur incremental expenses as we resume onsite services and related in-office costs. We have made substantial strides in broadening our supply base to scale our company and better serve customer demand. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: gaming, data center, professional visualization, and automotive. We continue to benefit from strong demand for NVIDIA Ampere architecture products, and believe the increase in gaming revenue during fiscal year 2022 resulted from a combination of factors, including the ramp of new RTX 30 series GPUs and the demand for new and upgraded systems to support the increase in remote work. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by stock-based compensation, compensation-related costs associated with employee growth, and higher infrastructure costs. We believe that climate change has not had a material impact on our revenue to date, and we are monitoring potential regulation changes in various jurisdictions. We plan to build Earth-2, an AI supercomputer dedicated to predicting the impacts of climate change and increase our purchases of renewable energy credits. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio. We have approximately $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S. We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position.