We begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. Our cloud and license business, which represented 84% and 83% of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, markets, sells and delivers a broad spectrum of enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies. The growth in our cloud and license business' revenues was adversely impacted during fiscal 2021 and 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic, and the impacts of covid-19 for future periods are unknown. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. Our cloud services and license support revenues represented 71%, 70% and 68% of our total revenues during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The historical upward trend of our cloud and license business' revenues over the course of the four quarters within a particular fiscal year is primarily due to the addition of new cloud services and license support contracts to the customer contract base that we generally recognize as revenues ratably or based upon customer usage over the respective contractual terms. We expect to accelerate our investments primarily in our cloud and license business. Our services business, which represented 8% of our total revenues in each of fiscal 2021 and 2020, helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. Our services revenues were adversely impacted during fiscal 2021 and 2020 by the impacts of covid-19, including the impacts of consulting project delays due to customer resource constraints and in-person meeting restrictions imposed by certain jurisdictions. We expect certain of these expenses may normalize in future periods provided global economic and health conditions improve. Our hardware business' revenues were also adversely impacted during fiscal 2021 and 2020 by the unfavorable economic effects caused by covid-19. We have three businesses: cloud and license; hardware; and services; each of which comprises a single operating segment. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. We may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans. The majority of the initiatives undertaken by our 2019 restructuring plan were effected to implement our continued emphasis in developing, marketing and selling our cloud-based offerings. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligation requirements. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods and, in fiscal 2022, we expect this growth to accelerate as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations in order to meet current and expected customer demand for our cloud services. We experienced covid-19 related impacts to our business during fiscal 2021 and 2020. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. The accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates, judgments and assumptions and which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include: revenue recognition; business combinations; goodwill and intangible assets-impairment assessments; accounting for income taxes; and legal and other contingencies. We are involved in claims and legal proceedings, which are inherently uncertain with respect to outcomes, estimates and assumptions that we make as of each reporting period, are inherently unpredictable, and many aspects are out of our control.