We are a leading international tobacco company working to deliver a smoke-free future and evolving our portfolio for the long-term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. Since 2008, we have invested more than $9 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. This includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. With a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences, in February 2021, we announced our ambition to expand into wellness and healthcare areas and deliver innovative products and solutions that aim to address unmet patient and consumer needs. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). RRPs is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. We currently manage our business in six geographical segments and an other category. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. During 2021, we laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare, including the milestone acquisitions of Vectura Group plc and Fertin Pharma a/s which provide essential capabilities for future product development. The current global semiconductor shortage has resulted in a tightness in IQOS device supply in the second half of 2021. We expect an improving IQOS device supply situation, with a gradual return to an unconstrained IQOS user quarterly growth progression. However, we still do not have full visibility over the full year 2022. We have appealed the patent and statutory issues related to the ITC's final determination, and also have contingency plans underway, including domestic production. The ITC decision has no bearing outside the U.S.; competitor lawsuits based on the same patent families have repeatedly and universally failed in European courts and the European Patent Office. In June 2021, the customs appeal committee in Riyadh notified our distributors in Saudi Arabia of its decisions to largely reject their challenges of the Saudi Arabia customs general authority assessments. On the basis of these decisions and in line with arrangements with the distributors, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $246 million in the second quarter of 2021. The pre-tax charge was recorded as a reduction of net revenues on the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021, and was included in the Middle East & Africa segment results. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs, and favorable pricing across various segments, partially offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs. This reflects our adaptability and strategic response to external pressures and market dynamics, ensuring operational continuity and performance maintenance amidst challenges.