The company mobilized in early 2020 to support the COVID-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose, and protect from the virus. The negative impact of the pandemic significantly lessened in 2021, but could worsen in 2022 dependent on the success of global efforts to control and unwind from the pandemic and economic activity ramping up. During 2021, the life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments, as well as the laboratory products business, continued to support COVID-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions to respond to the ongoing pandemic. The biosciences and bioproduction businesses expanded their capacity to meet the needs of pharma and biotech customers as they rapidly expanded their own production volumes to meet global vaccine manufacturing requirements. The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy, which consists of developing high-impact, innovative new products, leveraging scale in high-growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to customers. The increase in segment revenues at existing businesses in 2021 was driven by a combination of increased demand for testing to diagnose COVID-19 with higher sales of biosciences products and strong demand in each of the segment's businesses. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, and research and development projects. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company expects to make fixed lease payments from 2021 to 2041, with additional amounts dependent on the extent of revenues from customers of the facility. The company evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits, and the increase in segment income margin was primarily due to profit on higher sales and sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S., and its ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in those countries. The company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect its income tax provision or net income. The company has entered into unconditional purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business, which include agreements to purchase goods, services, or fixed assets and to pay royalties. The company operates in numerous countries under many legal forms and is subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-U.S. tax authorities. The company believes that its strategic initiatives and operational flexibility position it to adapt to future challenges and maintain performance under pressure.