Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into six end markets: industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems, and other. We remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years and continue to monitor potential impact on our operations. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Our strategy to maximize free cash flow per share growth has three elements: a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages, discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities, and efficiency, which means constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. Together, these competitive advantages help position us in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. Our cash flow from operations underscores the strength of our business model. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its effects are impacting and will likely continue to impact market conditions and business operations across industries worldwide, including at our company. We expect our capital expenditures to be higher than historical levels as we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Our liquidity and capital resources indicate that our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. We also have a variable rate, revolving credit facility. As we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology, we believe that our operational management strategies will enhance our resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adaptability in our processes to ensure performance under pressure and to confront unexpected situations effectively.