The following section generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. Our results during 2021 continued to be impacted by the effects of COVID, most notably supply chain issues in the automotive industry due to semiconductor chip shortages and congestion in several parts of the intermodal supply chain. The pandemic also upended the intermodal supply chain as demand for consumer goods remained high, which adversely affected the ports, chassis availability, truck driver supply, and warehouse receiving capacity. These disruptions limited our revenue growth by slowing asset turns and increasing costs through lower freight car velocity and multiple container handlings that impeded our operating efficiency. We faced many operational challenges throughout 2021, including winter storm Uri, global supply chain disruptions, wildfires, bridge outages, mudslides, and hurricanes. These challenges required adjustments to our transportation plans and impacted overall fluidity of the network. To assist with improving network fluidity, we are maintaining higher crew and locomotive resources in the short term. We will continue transforming our railroad to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our initiatives will be informed by recommendations identified in the third-party assessment of the effectiveness of our safety program, and we will continually evaluate and adjust deployment of total safety culture, courage to care, commit, and peer to peer throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We are dedicated to maintaining a healthy workplace and continue monitoring the COVID case levels, modifying our policies as needed to protect employees and minimize the risk of workplace transmission. Economic uncertainties remain in 2022 as COVID impacts linger and could have a material impact on our 2022 financial and operating results. Regardless of external factors, we will focus on efficiently managing operations; seeking new business opportunities; protecting our employees, customers, and communities; and providing excellent service to our customers. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.3 billion, up 10% from 2021, as we make investments to support our growth strategy. We will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. The plan includes targeted freight car acquisitions, investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity and analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. These analyses inform our liquidity plans and activities and indicate we have sufficient borrowing capacity to sustain an extended period of lower volumes. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through various sources or activities, including increasing the utilization of our receivables facility, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability.