We are focused on improving revenue quality, reducing our cost to serve, growing operating profit, and allocating capital in a disciplined fashion. The customer first component of our strategy focuses on enhancing the capabilities that we believe our customers value the most: speed and ease of access to our services. Our innovation-driven strategic approach utilizes technology and automation to deliver sustainable improvements to our network and to enhance the customer experience. The overall economic environment continues to be challenging. Global supply chain disruption continues and resulted in capacity constraints that drove higher transportation costs, particularly in our supply chain solutions businesses. Rising inflation and labor market challenges continue to cause wage pressures in certain markets. We continue to monitor the impacts of these external conditions on our business; however, we anticipate that demand for our services will remain strong. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to have, and is expected to continue to have, an impact on our business. We experienced a year-over-year increase in commercial volume as business returned to pre-pandemic levels, while business-to-consumer volume declined, partly due to the surge in e-commerce at the onset of the pandemic. In supply chain solutions, operating margin increased with demand for our services particularly strong in forwarding and healthcare logistics, including COVID-19 relief efforts. We expect overall volume growth levels in 2022 will remain consistent with 2021. We anticipate that demand for our services will remain strong. Our adjusted financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting. Therefore, our adjusted financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide additional meaningful information to assist users of our financial statements in more fully understanding our financial results and assessing our ongoing performance, because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our underlying operations, and may provide a useful baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. The increase in operating expenses was driven by higher fuel costs, primarily attributable to increases in the price of jet fuel, diesel, and gasoline, which we expect to persist. Higher employee benefit expense for our union workforce due to contractual contribution rate increases to multiemployer plans and additional headcount becoming eligible for health, welfare, and retirement benefits also contributed to the increase. We expect these trends to continue in 2022. We anticipate that these operating expenses may continue to increase due to volume growth and external market factors, such as fuel prices and inflation. The increase in purchased transportation expense charged to us by third-party air, ocean, and truck carriers was primarily driven by supply chain solutions expense increased, primarily due to market rate and volume increases in our international air freight and ocean freight businesses and rate increases in our truckload brokerage business. We expect the elevated level of demand to persist. We expect surcharges for ocean freight forwarding to be lower in 2022 relative to 2021 as supply and demand within the market begins to normalize. We have commitments for the purchase of aircraft, vehicles, equipment, and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. Our current investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals.