We invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis (CF) and increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions, expanded reimbursement, and the development of new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources as we advance our product candidates through clinical development toward commercialization and market and sell our approved products. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials and to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. We continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our business, including in our clinical trials, manufacturing facilities and capabilities, and ability to access necessary resources. COVID-19 has not materially affected our supply chain or the demand for our medicines, and we believe that we will be able to continue to supply all of our approved medicines to patients globally. We adjusted our business operations in response to COVID-19 and have continued to monitor local COVID-19 trends and government guidance for each of our site locations. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease biology and the science of therapeutics in order to discover and develop new medicines. This approach includes advancing multiple compounds from each program, spanning multiple modalities, into early clinical trials and evaluating patient data to inform discovery and development of additional compounds, with the goal of bringing first-in-class and best-in-class therapies to patients, and to provide durable clinical and commercial success. We expect to continue to grow our CF business by increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines and providing improved treatment options for people who are already eligible for one of our medicines. We expect that our net product revenues will increase in 2022 due to increasing numbers of people being treated with our medicines. The increase is expected to result from continued performance of our products, label expansions for our previously approved products, and expanded access to our medicines. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain expanded reimbursement for our CF medicines and, ultimately, pipeline therapies in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets.