AbbVie has and will continue to incur additional ongoing operating expenses to operate as an independent company, including the cost of various corporate headquarters functions, incremental information technology-related costs, and incremental costs to operate a stand-alone back office infrastructure outside the United States. The company's transition services agreements with Abbott in the United States cover certain corporate support services that AbbVie has historically received from Abbott, including information technology, accounts payable, payroll, and other financial functions. These agreements facilitate the separation by allowing AbbVie to operate independently prior to establishing stand-alone back office functions across its organization. As of the date of the separation, AbbVie did not have sufficient back office infrastructure to operate in markets outside the United States. During the transition from Abbott, AbbVie has and will continue to incur non-recurring expenses to expand its international infrastructure. The company expects to achieve operating margin improvements while continuing to invest in its pipeline in support of opportunities in oncology, HCV, and immunology, as well as continued investment in key products. AbbVie seeks to expand the Humira patient base by applying for regulatory approval of new indications for Humira, treating conditions such as uveitis and hidradenitis suppurativa. AbbVie plans to continue making investments in key emerging markets, including Brazil, China, and Russia. The company has launched Viekira Pak in several European countries and continues to work with various governments around the world to gain reimbursement approvals. AbbVie believes that its approach will allow the company to maintain a strong operating margin. AbbVie’s financial performance in 2014 included delivering fully diluted earnings per share of $1.10, reflecting the impact of operational efficiencies and increased funding in support of AbbVie’s emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets. AbbVie’s strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results and returns for shareholders while ensuring a strong sustainable growth business over the longer term. The company generated cash flows from operations of $3.5 billion, enabling it to continue to enhance its pipeline through licensing and collaboration activities. AbbVie’s financial results also reflected an improvement in gross margin primarily due to favorable product mix across the product portfolio. The company’s research and development efforts continue to focus a significant portion of expenditures on compounds for immunology, virology/liver disease, oncology, renal disease, neurological diseases, and women's health. AbbVie’s long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company’s pipeline includes more than 40 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements. AbbVie expects multiple phase 2 programs to transition into phase 3 programs during 2015. The company’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers. AbbVie believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements, and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.