We are a global market leader in design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space, and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to its customers at reduced costs. Our strategy also benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offset. Commercial airplanes is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, efficiency, and value to customers around the world. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. Market liberalization in Europe and Asia is enabling low-cost airlines to continue gaining market share, increasing the pressure on airfares and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. Competitors routinely respond to a relatively weaker U.S. dollar by aggressively reducing costs and increasing productivity, thereby improving their longer-term competitive posture. We are focused on improving our processes and continuing cost-reduction efforts. We continue to leverage our extensive customer support services network which includes aviation support, spare parts, training, maintenance documents, and technical advice for airlines throughout the world. This enables us to provide a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity. Our investment in gross inventories increased significantly, driven by continued investment in commercial airplane program inventory. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in 2015 than 2014 due to continued investment to support growth. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. Factors that could result in lower margins include changes to the program accounting quantity, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, and performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft. We continue to implement mitigation plans and cost-reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address program risks. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements, and the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise.