We believe that the online restaurant reservation business is complementary to our online travel businesses, and that both opentable and our travel businesses will benefit from adding opentable to the priceline group. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com and rentalcars.com and the results of the internationally based websites of kayak and, as of July 24, 2014, opentable. We believe this growth is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content and distribution and to improve the customer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We have experienced a significant shift of business to mobile platforms and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. Our major competitors and certain new market entrants are offering mobile applications for travel products and other mobile functionality, including proprietary last-minute discounts for accommodation reservations. Our mobile offerings have received strong reviews and achieved solid download trends, and are driving a material and increasing share of our business. We believe that mobile bookings present an opportunity for growth and are necessary to maintain and grow our business as consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices instead of a personal computer and to mobile applications in addition to a web browser. If we are unable to continue to rapidly innovate and create new, user-friendly and differentiated mobile offerings and efficiently and effectively advertise and distribute on these platforms, or if our mobile apps are not downloaded and used by consumers, we could lose market share to existing competitors or new entrants and our future growth and results of operations could be adversely affected. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business, and to that end, we explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of, among other things, mergers and acquisitions. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. We have experienced pressure on operating margins as we prioritize initiatives that drive growth. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through aggressive marketing and promotional campaigns. As a result, both our online and offline advertising expense has increased significantly in recent years, a trend we expect to continue. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services, outsourced data center costs, and payments to outside consultants. Information technology expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to the year ended December 31, 2013, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. The inclusion of opentable and kayak in our consolidated results since their acquisitions contributed to the increase in information technology expenses. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide, and, over time, to offer other travel and travel-related services and further expand into other international markets. We intend to continue to invest in technology to enhance our operational efficiency and support our growth strategies.