We continue to evolve driven by this fundamental objective as we grow our marketed products and progress our pipeline. Our R&D programs are managed on a portfolio basis from early discovery through late-stage development. We continually evaluate our portfolio to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. Our late-stage development programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years, although we do not expect all of our late-stage development programs to make it to market. We are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens. We are also expanding our biologics manufacturing capacity at devens, massachusetts and announced plans to build a new facility in ireland. Our focus to optimize global brands and key markets accelerated growth of several key products. We expect these products will continue to grow in 2015 along with orencia, sprycel and recently launched opdivo which will partially offset revenue reductions resulting from the expiration of certain rights pertaining to abilify in the u.s., royalty and alliance agreements, exclusivity losses for baraclude in the u.s. and changes in foreign currency rates. Our marketing, selling and administrative expenses include salary and benefit costs, third-party professional and marketing fees, outsourcing fees, shipping and handling costs and other expenses that are not attributed to product manufacturing costs or research and development expenses. Expenses are managed through regional commercialization organizations or global corporate organizations such as finance, legal, information technology and human resources. We maintain inventory management agreements with our U.S. pharmaceutical wholesalers, which account for nearly 100% of our gross U.S. revenues. The inventory information received from our wholesalers, together with our internal information, is used to estimate months on hand product level inventories at these wholesalers. We believe the above-described procedures provide a reasonable basis to ensure compliance with the consent. We recognize revenue net of gross-to-net adjustments that are further described in critical accounting policies. Our accounting policy for revenue recognition has a substantial impact on reported results and relies on certain estimates. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the sales price is fixed and determinable, collectability is reasonably assured and title and substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred. Our non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP earnings and related EPS information, are adjusted to exclude specified items which represent certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other items impacting the comparability of financial results. We continue to transform BMS into a leading diversified specialty biopharma company focused exclusively on discovering, developing, and delivering innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs. We are developing new medicines in the following core therapeutic areas: oncology, virology, immuno-oncology, specialty cardiovascular disease, fibrosis and genetically defined diseases. We continue to invest in orencia which accounted for approximately $1.7 billion in revenues in 2014. Our revenues decreased by 3% in 2014 as a result of the diabetes business divestiture, exclusivity losses and expiration of rights partially offset by higher sales of key products, including recently launched products in certain markets.