Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis, with minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. A key marketing strategy of our insurance businesses is the maintenance of extraordinary capital strength, which creates opportunities, especially with respect to reinsurance activities, to negotiate and enter into insurance and reinsurance contracts specially designed to meet the unique needs of insurance and reinsurance buyers. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions, with limited exceptions, are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to significant volatility in periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to catastrophe losses. We strive to provide excellent service to customers, with the goal of establishing long-term customer relationships. The growth in premiums reflected an increase in voluntary auto policies-in-force and higher average premiums per policy. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share, and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. General Re strives to generate underwriting profits in essentially all of its product lines. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce extraordinary volatility in the periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting, which are significantly impacted by the magnitude of catastrophe loss events occurring during the period. The favorable development in each period was primarily attributable to lower than expected losses reported from ceding companies. Our casualty/workers' compensation business produced pre-tax underwriting losses in 2014, reflecting recurring charges related to discount accretion on workers' compensation liabilities and amortization of deferred charges pertaining to retroactive reinsurance contracts. The favorable impact of lower average fuel prices was largely offset by higher volumes. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to cash and cash equivalents. In 2014, we added capacity through capital investments for line expansion, system improvement projects, additional equipment, and new employee hires. We continue to work diligently to address service issues without compromising safety. Our management's discussion includes the evaluation of performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains. The increases in revenues reflected the impact of bolt-on acquisitions, earnings growth in certain operations, and reductions in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to significant volatility in periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to catastrophe losses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing.