Blackstone's businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia, and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world. The company generates revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors, and fund portfolio companies, including management, transaction, and monitoring fees. The composition of revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which Blackstone operates. Net investment gains and investment income generated by the Blackstone funds are driven by value created by operating and strategic initiatives as well as overall market conditions. Blackstone uses economic income as a key measure of value creation, a benchmark of its performance, and in making resource deployment and compensation decisions across its segments. Economic income represents segment net income before taxes excluding transaction-related charges, presenting revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds managed. Fee-related earnings, derived from economic income, highlight earnings from operations excluding income related to performance fees and investment income from Blackstone's investments in the Blackstone funds. The company utilizes various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of its alternative asset management businesses to monitor the effectiveness of its value-creating strategies. Blackstone's business model derives revenue primarily from third-party assets under management and from advisory businesses, targeting operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. The firm has developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of its various alternative asset management businesses. The increase in management and advisory fees is attributed to increases in the hedge fund solutions segment, private equity segment, real estate segment, and credit segment, driven by the increase in fee-earning assets under management. Blackstone's liquidity needs will be cash to provide capital to facilitate the growth of existing businesses, fund modest capital expenditures, repay borrowings, and make distributions to unitholders. The company expects to receive cash generated from operating activities, carried interest and incentive income realizations, and realizations on carry and hedge fund investments. Blackstone's commitments to its funds are taken into consideration when managing its overall liquidity and cash position. The firm emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, underscoring the significance of IT capability in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in responding to changing business needs and directions. The organization’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.