We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from subscriptions to our cable services, which we market individually and in bundled service packages, and from the sale of advertising. In 2014, our cable communications segment generated 64% of our consolidated revenue and 79% of our operating income before depreciation and amortization. We are actively deploying wireless gateways to improve the performance of multiple internet-enabled devices used at the same time within the home, provide faster internet speeds, and create an in-home Wi-Fi network. We are continuing to expand our network of outdoor, business, and in-home Wi-Fi hotspots for most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. Our services for business customers include an interactive tool that allows customers to share, coordinate, and store documents online, hosted voice services that use cloud network servers, and advanced voice services and Ethernet network services that connect multiple locations. We believe that adding more content and delivering it through an increasing variety of platforms will assist in attracting and retaining customers for our cable services. To further enhance our video and high-speed internet services, we continue to develop and launch new technology initiatives, such as our X1 platform and cloud DVR technology, and deploy wireless gateway devices. We anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as we provide additional content, including in HD, to our video customers; as we deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online, and through our mobile apps; and as the fees we pay increase, primarily retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. Our operating margin for 2014 was 41.0%, and we continue to focus on controlling the growth of expenses. Our cable communications segment leverages our existing cable distribution system to grow revenue by adding new customers, encouraging existing cable customers to add new or higher-tier services, and expanding our other services such as our business services offerings and our home security and automation services. We expect to continue to invest in the deployment of our X1 platform and cloud DVR technology, and the expansion of business services and our home security and automation services. Our capital expenditures for 2015 are expected to increase as we continue to invest in these areas. We also expect capital expenditures to increase in 2015 as a result of integration efforts following the close of the Time Warner Cable merger. Our competition is affected by technological changes that challenge existing business models and affect consumer behavior. We believe that our investments in technology and innovation will enhance our competitive positioning and operational efficiency, enabling us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands.