We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management. Our mission is to help our customers transform themselves into "customer companies" by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Key elements of our strategy include strengthening our market-leading solutions, expanding strategic relationships with our existing customers, and pursuing new customers. Our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features is crucial, as is our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service, and successful customer adoption and utilization of our service. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales and research and development, and the development of new services. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies in an effort to expand our service offerings. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, and we continue to focus our efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, and enhancing the functionality and security of our enterprise cloud computing services. Our proprietary, scalable, and secure multi-tenant architecture enables us to provide all of our customers with a service based on a single version of our application. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add employees and invest in technology to support the development of new and improve existing technologies. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity, and we plan to add additional employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. Our marketing and sales expenses are our largest cost and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff. We plan to continue to invest in marketing and sales by expanding our domestic and international selling and marketing activities, building brand awareness, and attracting new customers. We expect that in the future, marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and continue to be our largest cost. Our general and administrative expenses consist of salaries and related expenses for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources, and management information systems personnel. We expect that in the future, general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we invest in our infrastructure and incur additional employee-related costs. We believe that our investments in technology and human resources will enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic goals.