We design, manufacture, and sell internet protocol (IP) based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology (IT) industry. We see our customers, in almost every industry, becoming increasingly reliant on technology—and specifically the network—to meet their business objectives and compete successfully in the market. Our focus continues to be on capitalizing on market transitions to maintain leadership in our core markets and to enter new markets where the network is foundational. We believe this focus best positions us to become a more relevant and trusted partner to our customers and to expand our share of our customers' IT spending. We are focused on driving the innovation, speed, agility, and efficiencies in our company required to deliver leading technology solutions for our customers and shareholder value for our investors. As a part of this transformation, we are making changes to how we are organized and how we deliver our technology. We believe these changes enable us to better meet our customers' requirements and help them stay ahead of market transitions. Despite a slight year-over-year decline in absolute dollars, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses collectively increased as a percentage of revenue due to the decline in revenue. We expect to reinvest substantially all of the cost savings from the restructuring actions in our key growth areas such as data center, software, security, and cloud. We experienced many challenges during fiscal 2014 including reduced spending by our service provider customers, weakness in emerging countries, the impact of product transitions, and a conservative approach to IT-related capital spending by customers. Our strategy is to deliver integrated architectures, solutions, and outcomes to help our customers grow, manage costs, and mitigate risk. The emerging countries of Brazil, Russia, India, China, and Mexico experienced an 11% product revenue decline, with declines across all of our customer markets. We believe that the product revenue declines in many of these emerging countries were driven by the impact of economic and geopolitical challenges in these countries. We continue to focus on investing in growth, innovation, and talent, while managing costs and driving efficiencies. Our product revenue decline was driven in large part by the lower product revenue within our core routing and switching product categories. The effects of these product transitions, combined with other challenges, led to a decrease in revenue from our switching products. Our service revenue increased by 4%, reflecting continued slower growth compared with prior years, which we believe was attributable to the impact of the declines in product revenue in recent periods. We expect that the challenges in the emerging countries, the service provider customer market, and product transitions in switching and next-generation network routing may continue for at least the next several quarters. We are committed to enhancing our IT capabilities to effectively support business needs, which has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The increase in deferred service revenue reflects the impact of new contract initiations and renewals, partially offset by an increase in customers paying technical support service contracts over time. Our investments in IT and technology management are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and driving business transformation.