In fiscal 2014, we confirmed that our payment data systems were breached, which potentially impacted customers who used payment cards at self-checkout systems in our U.S. and Canadian stores. Our investigation determined that the intruder used a vendor's username and password to enter the perimeter of our network, acquiring elevated rights that allowed navigation of portions of our systems and deployment of unique, custom-built malware to access payment card information of up to 56 million customers. In September 2014, we completed a major payment security project that provides enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all of our U.S. stores, offering significant new protection for customers. We are also rolling out enhanced encryption to our Canadian stores and EMV chip-and-pin technology in our U.S. stores, which will add extra layers of payment card protection. Our customer service initiative is anchored on principles of simplifying the business and creating an emotional connection with customers, which includes the rollout of our second generation first phone, a handheld mobile customer service tool used by store associates. This latest generation provides a more intuitive smartphone interface, internet access to convert online sales in the aisle, integrated mobile checkout, and improved overall processing speed. Our interconnected retail focus connects our key initiatives and is based on building a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels. We continued to enhance our website and mobile experience, resulting in increased traffic to our websites and increased online sales conversion rates. Almost 40% of our online orders are picked up in our stores through our buy online, pick-up in store and buy online, ship to store programs. We also improved navigation, enhanced search capabilities, and expanded chat functionality across our online platforms. Sales from our online channels increased 36.9% for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. We believe that the ultimate amount paid on payment card network claims could be material to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods. We expect to incur significant legal and other professional services expenses associated with the data breach in future periods. Our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in the stores and our supply chain, disciplined capital allocation, and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital. In fiscal 2014, we opened six new stores in Mexico and one new store in Canada, enhancing our supply chain capabilities and product offerings. Our total comparable store sales increased 5.3% in fiscal 2014, driven by a 3.5% increase in our comparable store customer transactions and a 1.8% increase in our comparable store average ticket. The positive comparable store sales reflect execution of our key initiatives, continued strength in our maintenance and repair categories, and an improved U.S. home improvement market. We believe that our current cash position, access to long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, obligations incurred as a result of the data breach, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years.