The adoption of da Vinci surgical systems has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, while providing economic return to healthcare providers. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da Vinci can bring significant patient value relative to alternative treatment options. The da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of minimally invasive surgery to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of conventional minimally invasive surgery. Our multi-port technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of minimally invasive surgery instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We believe that the use of Firefly during cholecystectomy procedures will enhance the ability of surgeons to identify key anatomical structures during the surgery. The da Vinci surgical system includes a surgeon's console, imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software, which collectively represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories, targeting more complex procedures with more fully featured products and less complex procedures with lower-priced products. The demand for systems is ultimately driven by da Vinci surgical procedure volume and is highly sensitive to changes in procedure growth rates. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown, reflecting the increasing adoption of procedures on a growing base of installed systems. We believe that our benign hysterectomy volume largely declined with the overall market, which reflected payor trends encouraging more conservative non-surgical disease management approaches for certain uterine conditions. Our growth through 2013 was driven by the adoption of da Vinci hysterectomy, our highest volume procedure, and other gynecologic procedures, including sacrocolpopexy and myomectomy, largely resulting from capturing market share from open surgery techniques for these procedures. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will increase in the future. The increase in recurring revenue relative to system revenue reflects lower system sales and continuing adoption of procedures on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. Our products fall into four broad categories, and we have commercialized four generations of da Vinci surgical systems, which have been designed to enhance surgical efficiency and autonomy in a variety of general surgery and gynecologic procedures. We believe that da Vinci surgery continues to be a safe and effective surgical method, as supported by a substantial and growing number of scientific studies and peer-reviewed papers. The regulatory status of the da Vinci surgical system in various international markets varies by country, and we will seek additional regulatory clearances for future products and procedures.