We recognized acquired in-process research & development (IPR&D) charges of $200.2 million (pretax), or $0.12 per share, related to acquired IPR&D from collaboration agreements with Adocia, AstraZeneca UK Limited, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Immunocore Limited. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We manage R&D spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total R&D spending. We cannot reliably estimate the nature, timing, completion dates, and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our R&D projects, nor can we reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from a successful R&D project. We recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $468.7 million in 2014, which included severance costs related to ongoing efforts to reduce our cost structure and global workforce, as well as asset impairment costs associated with the closure of a manufacturing site in Puerto Rico. The acquisition of Novartis Animal Health is expected to provide Elanco with a greater commercial presence in the companion animal and swine markets, expand Elanco's presence in equine and vaccines areas, and create an entry into the aquaculture market. We expect that the entry of generic competition for Cymbalta into the markets where it has lost patent protection would cause a rapid and severe decline in revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. We will also lose patent exclusivity in December 2015 for Zyprexa in Japan. Our effective tax rate was 20.3 percent in 2014, compared with 20.5 percent in 2013. We expect that total revenue will be between $19.5 billion and $20.0 billion. We anticipate that gross margin as a percent of revenue will be approximately 75.0 percent in 2015. Research and development expenses are expected to be in the range of $4.7 billion to $4.9 billion, reflecting an expected increase in phase III trial expenses and the inclusion of Novartis AH. We recognized acquired IPR&D charges of $57.1 million (pretax), or $0.03 per share, resulting from our acquisition of rights for a calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) antibody currently being studied as a potential treatment for the prevention of frequent, recurrent migraine headaches, following a successful phase II proof-of-concept study. Our worldwide revenue for 2014 was $19.62 billion, a decline of 15 percent compared with 2013. The decrease was comprised of 13 percent due to volume, 2 percent due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, and 1 percent due to lower prices. We expect the amount of our contractual obligations to change materially over time as new contracts are initiated and existing contracts are completed, terminated, or modified. We also note that, from a business perspective, we view these payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs.