Throughout 2014, we continued to build momentum as we further optimized our business model, focusing on three priorities to drive further top line growth including our enhanced sales & operations planning process, building on our customer experience design capabilities, and improving our relevance with the pro customer. We are continuing to transform from a single-channel, home improvement retailer to an omni-channel home improvement company, allowing us to sell products from a store, online, on-site, or through one of our contact centers and fulfill orders in the most convenient manner for our customers. Our sales & operations process is anchored in the customer mindset for the season, ensuring collaboration from all functions, including logistics, merchandising, and marketing, to make certain we have relevant products available to customers at the right time. We now have a dedicated customer experience design team that coordinates the creation of customer experiences that encompass the entire project from inspiration to purchase to fulfillment, ensuring that any experience we design meets critical criteria of desirability, feasibility, and viability. We have been working to relaunch lowesforpros.com, a dedicated platform which provides pro customers with the ability to transact with us online and develop requisition lists, access purchase history, and customized product catalogs. We will continue to differentiate ourselves through better customer experiences and improving our product and service offering for the pro customer, and we have made progress over the past few years to meet customers on their terms whenever and wherever they choose to engage. We will continue to invest in omni-channel capabilities to ensure that we are convenient and easy to do business with. Our fiscal 2015 capital forecast is approximately $1.4 billion, inclusive of approximately $200 million of lease commitments, with planned investments in our existing stores expected to account for approximately 40% of net cash outflow, including investments to enhance the customer experience and corporate infrastructure. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate for investments in information technology, existing stores, expansion plans, and acquisitions, if any. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The 2014 credit facility supports our commercial paper program and has a $500 million letter of credit sublimit, with borrowings made being unsecured and priced at fixed rates based upon market conditions. Our strong financial position and positive cash flows allowed us to deliver on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, with significant share repurchases and dividends during 2014. We continued to experience strength with our pro customers, which have performed at or above the company average comparable sales increase for 14 consecutive quarters, enhancing our product and service offering with a strong value proposition. As we move into 2015, we will focus on capitalizing on market opportunities and driving profitability within an improving economy, continuing to invest in our technology infrastructure and capabilities to support our strategic objectives and enhance operational efficiency.