Nike's strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must have" products, building deep personal consumer connections with our brands, and delivering compelling consumer experiences at retail and online. We continue to strive to deliver shareholder value by driving operational excellence in several key areas, including improving selling and administrative expense productivity by focusing on investments that drive economic returns in the form of incremental revenue and gross profit, and leveraging existing infrastructure across our portfolio of businesses to eliminate duplicative costs. Our long-term financial goals continue to be high single-digit revenue growth, consistent return on invested capital, and accelerated cash flows. The growth of our net income from continuing operations was positively affected by a year-over-year decrease in our effective tax rate. Our revenues grew 10% to $27.8 billion, net income from continuing operations increased 10% to $2.7 billion, and we delivered diluted earnings per common share of $2.97, an 11% increase from fiscal 2013. The increase in revenues was driven by growth across nearly all Nike brand geographies, key categories, and product types, primarily fueled by innovative performance and sportswear products, incorporating proprietary technology platforms such as Nike Air, Lunar, Shox, Free, Flywire, Dri-FIT, Flyknit, Nike+, and Nike Fuel. Our gross margins improved largely due to the positive impact of higher average selling prices and contribution from our higher margin direct-to-consumer business. We delivered strong results for Converse, with revenue and EBIT growth of 16% and 17%, respectively. Our consolidated gross margin was 120 basis points higher than fiscal 2013, primarily driven by higher Nike brand average selling prices. Demand creation expense increased 10% compared to the prior year, mainly driven by marketing support for events, including the World Cup, higher sports marketing expense, key product launches and initiatives, and investments to upgrade the presentation of our products in wholesale accounts. Operating overhead expense increased 14%, primarily attributable to growth in our direct-to-consumer business driven by new store openings, higher personnel costs, and e-commerce launches, as well as increased investments in our digital capabilities and corporate infrastructure. We estimate the combination of the translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international businesses and the year-over-year change in foreign currency-related gains and losses included in other expense (income), net had an unfavorable impact on our income before income taxes. Our investments in working capital increased due to higher inventory levels to support higher reported futures orders, growth in accounts receivable reflecting the increase in sales, and higher prepaid marketing expenses in advance of the World Cup. A major driver of the change in cash used by investing activities was an increase in additions to property, plant, and equipment, reflective of investments in infrastructure to support current and future growth, as well as digital capabilities. Our continued focus on the category offense drove increased demand for Nike brand products across all key categories for fiscal 2014. Our basketball, men's training, running, and sportswear categories fueled the revenue growth. The ongoing implementation of the category offense yielded successful results, with revenue growth driven by our running, football (soccer), and sportswear categories. The growth in direct-to-consumer revenues was driven by comparable store sales growth and strong growth in online sales.