Nvidia is dedicated to advancing visual computing, enabling individuals to interact with digital ideas, data, and entertainment with an ease and efficiency unmatched by any other communication medium. Our business model has three elements: creating Nvidia-branded products and services, offering our processors to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, and licensing our intellectual property. We also integrate our GPUs into tiny mobile chips called system-on-a-chip (SoC) processors, which power tablets and automotive infotainment and safety systems. We continued to expand our reach in the big data analytics market, with IBM announcing future support for GPU acceleration in its IBM DB2 with Blu Acceleration. We launched our Tesla K80 dual-GPU accelerator, designed to power a wide range of machine learning, data-analytics, and high-performance computing applications. Nvidia Grid technology will be available on the VMware Horizon DaaS platform to deliver 3D graphics on virtualized desktops and applications delivered through the cloud. Our management has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting policies and estimates, which include those related to revenue recognition, inventories, and stock-based compensation. Research and development expenses increased due to employee additions and compensation increases, which also drove an increase in facilities and IT support expenses. We expect to spend approximately $150.0 million to $200.0 million for capital expenditures during fiscal year 2016, primarily for facilities, emulation equipment, computers, and engineering workstations. Our investment policy requires the purchase of high-grade investment securities and the diversification of asset types, which includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating, acquisition, share repurchase, cash dividend, and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, there is no assurance that we will not need to raise additional equity or debt financing within this time frame. Factors that could affect our cash used or generated from operations include decreased demand and market acceptance for our products, inability to successfully develop and produce in volume production our next-generation products, and competitive pressures resulting in lower than expected average selling prices. Our overall gross margin was 55.5%, 54.9%, and 52.0% for fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. The increase over these fiscal years was driven primarily by a richer product mix in our GPU business, partially offset by lower Tegra business margins. We recognize revenue from product sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product has been delivered, and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. Our customer programs primarily involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets. We account for rebates as a reduction of revenue and accrue for 100% of the potential rebates. Our management has also discussed the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency.