We have pioneered the next-generation of enterprise security with our innovative platform that allows enterprises, service providers, and government entities to simultaneously empower and secure their organizations by safely enabling the increasingly complex and rapidly growing number of applications running on their networks and by preventing breaches stemming from targeted cyber attacks. Our enterprise security platform consists of three major elements: our next-generation firewall, our advanced endpoint protection, and our threat intelligence cloud. Our next-generation firewall delivers application, user, and content visibility and control as well as protection against network-based cyber threats integrated within the firewall through our proprietary hardware and software architecture. Our advanced endpoint protection prevents cyber attacks that aim to exploit software vulnerabilities on a broad variety of fixed and virtual endpoints. Our threat intelligence cloud provides central intelligence capabilities as well as automated delivery of preventative measures against cyber attacks. We derive revenue from sales of our products and services, which together comprise our platform. Our products are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization, ranging from the pa-200, which is designed for enterprise remote offices, to the pa-7050, which is designed for data centers and high-speed networks. We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings during fiscal 2014. These new product offerings include the pa-7050 firewall and the gp-100 mobile security management appliance. We anticipate billings and revenue of our advanced endpoint protection will begin ramping in the second half of fiscal 2015 with a more meaningful revenue contribution in fiscal 2016. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. Additionally, we face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products, as well as effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for both subscriptions and support and maintenance services. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business that can be used for strategic opportunities, including investing in our business and making strategic acquisitions. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on various factors, including the average sales price of our products and the mix of revenue between products and services. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, general and administrative expense, and legal settlement expense. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars, and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis, and actual results may differ from these estimates.