We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income ("NOI"), cash flows, and core FFO is based on rising rents, value creation from development, and economies of scale from growth in assets under management. We expect growth to continue as demand for logistics facilities is strong across the globe. The operating fundamentals in the markets of our operating portfolio have been improving, which has positively impacted both occupancy and rental rates we have experienced, and has also fueled development activity. We believe we have the infrastructure and an acquisition pipeline that will allow us to increase our investments in real estate, with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. Our owned and managed portfolio includes operating industrial properties and does not include properties under development or held for sale. We manage our business on an owned and managed basis without regard to whether a particular property is wholly-owned by us or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of changes in the composition of the portfolio on performance measures. We recognize changes in rental income from certain contractual rent increases from our existing leases and from rent change on new leases. We have experienced an increase in rental rates on the turnover of existing leases for the last eight quarters that has resulted in higher average rental rates in our portfolio and increased rental income and NOI as those leases commenced. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, dispositions of properties, and from available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures and distributions received from the co-investment ventures, proceeds from the disposition of properties, land parcels or other investments to third parties, and proceeds from the issuance of equity securities. We had significant co-investment venture activity that impacted strategic capital NOI. The direct costs associated with strategic capital include the direct expenses associated with asset management of the unconsolidated co-investment ventures and the property management expenses associated with the property-level management of the properties owned by these ventures. We invested cash in our unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other ventures, which were used for the acquisition of operating properties, repayment of debt by the ventures, and development costs. Our investment decisions are influenced by market conditions and other factors, and we expect to have contributions to co-investments in the future, primarily in Europe, Japan, and Mexico, as well as the disposition of properties to third parties. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals.