We design, make and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Our business model is carefully constructed around several advantages that are unique to TI: the industry's broadest portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors. Our customers' design engineers need at least one, and most times multiple, chips for their systems. The breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of these needs than can our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to generate more revenue per system. We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio. A strong foundation of manufacturing technology and low-cost production allows us to directly control our manufacturing, ensuring a consistent supply of products for our customers. We produce billions of semiconductors each year on a mixture of 150-, 200- and 300-millimeter wafers, and we are able to keep costs low for manufacturing facilities and equipment because our analog and much of our embedded processing semiconductors can be made using mature assets that we acquire ahead of demand when their prices are most attractive. Our global sales force is larger than those of our competitors, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts tens of millions of visits to our website each year where customers often begin their initial product searches and design-in journey. These capabilities combine to provide us unique access to more than 100,000 customers. Together, the advantages above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. Because of the breadth of our portfolio, we are not dependent on any single product, and because of the breadth of our markets, we are not dependent on any single application or customer. Some of our products generate revenue for decades, which strengthens the return on our investments. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We believe these products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have dependable long-term growth opportunities. Our business model focused on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. In 2014, free cash flow was 27 percent of revenue, up 3 percentage points from a year ago. During the year, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. We have a variable-rate revolving credit facility that allows us to borrow up to $2 billion until March 2019. This credit facility also serves as support for the issuance of commercial paper. Our business model continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, with free cash flow for 2013 of $3 billion, or 24 percent of revenue. In 2014, we used $2.83 billion to repurchase 61.7 million shares of our common stock. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to investors, as well as insight into our financial performance. We recognize revenue from sales of our products, including direct sales to our distributors, when title and risk of loss pass, which usually occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer or distributor. We continually monitor the actual claimed allowances against our estimates, and we adjust our estimates as appropriate to reflect trends in distributor revenue and inventory levels. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods.