We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the United States and ex-U.S. markets. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines with a focus on cystic fibrosis and other genetic diseases, oncology, and neurology. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we must demonstrate with evidence gathered in nonclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials that the drug candidate is safe and effective for the disease it is intended to treat. We expect to continue to incur losses on a quarterly basis until we can substantially increase revenues as a result of potential future regulatory approvals, the timing of which are uncertain. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. We utilize key assumptions to determine the best estimate of selling price, which may include patient enrollment requirements from regulatory authorities, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates, and estimated third-party development costs. We expect to begin recognizing net product revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the United States in mid-2015. We cannot make a meaningful estimate when, if ever, our other clinical development programs will generate revenues and cash flows. We have maintained a substantial investment in research activities resulting in a 10% increase in research expenses in 2014 as compared to 2013. We expect our development expenses for outsourced activities to increase in 2015 as compared to 2014 due to activities related to clinical trials, including the phase 3 clinical development program for vx-661 in combination with ivacaftor. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates.