item 1a. risk factors certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. you should carefully consider them, along with the other information presented in this report. it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors.
risks related to our transaction with the warranty group we may not be able to successfully or timely complete the pending transaction with the warranty group ("twg").
the completion of the pending transaction with twg is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the amended and restated agreement and plan of merger dated as of january 8, 2018 (the "a&r merger agreement"), including the expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods under antitrust laws, the receipt of certain regulatory and governmental approvals, there being no material adverse effect on the company or twg prior to the closing of the transaction and other customary conditions. the company will be unable to complete the proposed transaction until each of the conditions to closing is either satisfied or waived.
in deciding whether to grant certain of the government approvals, the relevant governmental entity may impose certain requirements or obligations as conditions for its approval or in connection with its review. the company can provide no assurance that it will obtain the necessary approvals or that any required conditions will not have an adverse effect on the company following the completion of the transaction. in addition, the company can provide no assurance that these conditions will not result in the abandonment of the pending transaction.
the a&r merger agreement may be terminated prior to closing under certain circumstances. for example, if at the time when the closing conditions have been met, the company pre-closing stock price (as defined in the a&r merger agreement) has decreased or increased more than 20% from $95.4762, twg or the company, respectively, will have the right to terminate the a&r merger agreement unless the other party elects to adjust the consideration pursuant to the a&r merger agreement. the a&r merger agreement may also be terminated by either party if the closing has not occurred by december 17, 2018.
matters relating to the transaction (including integration planning) have required and will continue to require substantial commitments of time and resources, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities. the company may be required to pay significant costs relating to the transaction, whether or not the transaction is consummated. in addition, in certain circumstances, the company may be required to pay a termination fee or reimburse twg's expenses in connection with a termination of the a&r merger agreement. for these and other reasons, our failure to complete the pending transaction could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unable to integrate twg effectively we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the pending transaction.
strategic transactions like the twg transaction create numerous uncertainties and risks and require significant effort and expenditures. we will need to effectively manage the integration of twg and its personnel as well as changes in operations and systems. we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs, including diversion of management's attention to integration of operations and corporate and administrative infrastructures; difficulties in achieving anticipated business opportunities and growth prospects from combining the businesses of twg with that of assurant; difficulties in the integration of operations and systems; difficulties in the assimilation of employees and corporate cultures; and challenges in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers.
if any of these factors impairs our ability to integrate our operations with those of twg successfully or on a timely basis, we may not be able to realize the anticipated operating synergies and efficiencies, anticipated revenues, earnings and profitable growth and other expected benefits from combining the businesses. in addition, we may be required to spend additional time or money on integration that otherwise would be spent on the development and expansion of our business.
the market price of our common stock may decline following the closing of the transaction if the integration of twg is unsuccessful, takes longer than expected or fails to achieve financial benefits to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, or the effect of the business combination on the financial results of the combined company is otherwise not consistent with the expectations of financial analysts or investors.
we expect to incur significant additional indebtedness to finance our acquisition of twg, which could affect our financial position.
we expect to finance our proposed acquisition of twg with a combination of external financing, which is expected to include additional indebtedness, as well as cash on hand. incurring additional indebtedness may have a number of consequences for us. in particular, it will require us to use cash to pay the principal of and interest on such indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash that may be available for capital expenditures, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or other purposes. it may limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future on favorable terms. it may also increase our vulnerability to downturns or adverse changes in general economic, industry or competitive conditions, and limit our flexibility to plan for or react to competitive challenges in our business or market conditions.
following the announcement of our proposed acquisition of twg, in october 2017, s&p placed the company's debt ratings on creditwatch negative and moody's placed the company's debt and financial strength ratings under review for downgrade. please see "-risks related to the company-financial risks--a credit rating agency downgrade of our corporate senior debt rating could significantly impact our business."
risks related to the company business and competitive risks our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties important to the success of our business, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues.
the success of our business depends largely on our relationships and contractual arrangements with significant clients, including mortgage servicers, lenders, mobile device carriers, retailers, oems, agents and other parties. many of these arrangements are exclusive and some rely on preferred provider or similar relationships. if our key clients, intermediaries or other parties terminate important business arrangements with us, or renew contracts on terms less favorable to us, our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, each of our global lifestyle, global housing and global preneed segments receives a substantial portion of its revenue from a few clients. a reduction in business with or the loss of one or more of our significant clients could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and cash flows of individual segments or of the company. examples of important business arrangements include, at global lifestyle, relationships with mobile device carriers, retailers, oems and financial and other institutions through which we distribute our products and services. at global preneed, we have an exclusive distribution relationship with sci relating to the distribution of our preneed insurance policies. at global housing, we have exclusive and non-exclusive relationships with certain mortgage lenders and manufactured housing lenders and property managers, and in turn we are eligible to insure properties securing loans guaranteed by or sold to government-sponsored entities and serviced by the mortgage loan servicers with whom we do business. in addition, the transfer by mortgage servicer clients of loan portfolios to other carriers or the participation by other carriers in insuring lender-placed insurance risks that we have historically insured could materially reduce our revenues and profits from this business.
we are also subject to the risk that clients, distributors and other parties may face financial difficulties, reputational issues, problems with respect to their own products and services or regulatory restrictions or compliance issues that may lead to a decrease in or cessation of sales of our products and services. if one or more of our clients or distributors, for example in the wireless and related markets, consolidate or align themselves with other companies, we may lose significant business, resulting in material decreases in revenues and profits.
significant competitive pressures or changes in customer preference could affect our results of operations.
we compete with many insurance companies, financial services companies, mobile device repair and logistics companies, technology and software companies and specialized competitors that focus on one market, product or service for business and customers, and for agents and other distribution relationships. some of our competitors may offer a broader array of products and services than we do or be better able to tailor those products and services to customer needs, greater diversity of distribution resources, better brand recognition, more competitive pricing, lower costs, greater financial strength, more resources or higher ratings.
there is a risk that purchasers may be able to obtain more favorable terms from competitors, rather than renewing coverage with us. as a result, competition may adversely affect the persistency of our policies, as well as our ability to sell products and provide services. in addition, some of our competitors may price their products or services below ours, putting us at a competitive disadvantage and potentially adversely affecting our revenues and results of operations.
for global lifestyle, our ability to adequately and effectively price our products and services is affected by, among other things, the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences and improvements in technology, which could result in a reduction in consumer demand and in the prices of products and services we offer. for global housing, our lender-placed products are not underwritten on an individual policy basis and our contracts with clients require us to issue these policies automatically when a borrower's insurance coverage is not maintained. consequently, increases in the risks we assume for homes could potentially adversely affect our results of operations.
new competition and technological advancements could also cause the supply of insurance or other products and services we offer to change, which could affect our ability to price our products at attractive rates. new competitors could enter our markets, take business from us or require us to reduce the prices of our products and services.
in our lender-placed insurance business, we use a proprietary insurance-tracking administration system linked with the administrative systems of our clients to monitor the clients' mortgage portfolios to verify the existence of insurance on each mortgaged property and identify those that are uninsured. the development by others of competing systems or equivalent capabilities could reduce our revenues and results of operations.
general economic, financial market and political conditions may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and conditions in the markets in which we operate may negatively affect the results of our business segments.
general economic, financial market and political disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. limited availability of credit, deteriorations of the global mortgage and real estate markets, declines in consumer confidence and consumer spending, increases in prices or in the rate of inflation, periods of high unemployment, persistently low or rapidly increasing interest rates and disruptive geopolitical events could contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the financial markets, including the market for our stock. these conditions could also affect all of our business segments. specifically, during periods of economic downturn:
•   individuals and businesses may (i) choose not to purchase our insurance products, warranties and other products and services, (ii) terminate existing policies or contracts or permit them to lapse and (iii) choose to reduce the amount of coverage they purchase;
•   clients are more likely to experience financial distress or declare bankruptcy or liquidation which could have an adverse impact on the remittance of premiums from such clients as well as the collection of receivables from such clients for items such as unearned premiums;
•   claims on certain specialized insurance products tend to rise;
•   there is a higher loss ratio on credit card and installment loan insurance due to rising unemployment and disability levels;
•   there is an increased risk of fraudulent insurance claims; and
•   substantial decreases in loan availability and origination could reduce the demand for credit insurance that we write or debt cancellation or debt deferment products that we administer, and on the placement of hazard insurance under our lender-placed insurance programs.
general inflationary pressures may affect repair and replacement costs on our real and personal property lines, increasing the costs of paying claims. inflationary pressures may also affect the costs associated with our preneed insurance policies, particularly those that are guaranteed to grow with the cpi. conversely, deflationary pressures may affect the pricing of our products and services.
conditions in the housing and lifestyle markets in which we operate, including the rate of introduction and success of new products or technologies or promotional programs and the overall health of the electronics and appliances retail markets, automobile sales market and housing and mortgage markets may also affect our business segments by impacting the demand and pricing for our products and services, the costs of paying claims or otherwise.
we face risks associated with our international operations.
our international operations face economic, political, legal, operational and other risks. for example, we face the risk of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; political or economic instability in countries in which we conduct business, including possible terrorist acts; inflation and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; diminished ability to enforce our contractual rights; differences in cultural environments and changes in regulatory requirements, including changes in regulatory treatment of certain products or services; exposure to local economic conditions; and restrictions on the repatriation of non-u.s. investment and earnings.
if our business model is not successful in a particular country or region or it experiences economic, political or other instability, we may lose all or most of our investment in that country or region. as we continue to expand in select worldwide markets, our business becomes increasingly exposed to these risks identified above, in particular where certain countries have recently experienced economic or political instability, such as brazil. in addition, concerns about the european union (the "e.u."), including the status of the united kingdom's exit from the e.u. (commonly referred to as "brexit"), has caused uncertainty in the financial markets and exchange rate fluctuation. changes to the e.u. or post-brexit u.k. regulatory frameworks applicable to our business could increase compliance costs and negatively impact the region's economic conditions, financial markets and exchange rates, which could adversely affect our european business.
as we engage with international clients, we may make certain up-front commission payments or similar cash outlays, which we may not recover if the business does not develop as we expect. these up-front payments are typically supported by various protections, such as letters of guarantee, but we may not recover our initial outlays and other amounts owed to us fully or timely. as our international business grows, we rely increasingly on fronting carriers or intermediaries in certain countries to maintain their licenses and product approvals, satisfy local regulatory requirements and continue in business. if they fail to do so, our business, reputation and relationships with our customers could be adversely affected.
for information on the significant international regulations that apply to our company, please see item 1, "business - regulation - international regulation."
catastrophe losses, including human-made catastrophe losses, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes and non-catastrophes (losses such as theft and vandalism), particularly in our homeowners insurance businesses. we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, catastrophe losses that materially reduce our profitability or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. catastrophes include reportable catastrophe losses (individual catastrophe events that generated losses in excess of $5.0 million, pre-tax and net of reinsurance). catastrophes can be caused by various natural events, which may be exacerbated by climate change, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hailstorms, floods, severe winter weather, fires and epidemics, or can be human-made catastrophes, including terrorist attacks or accidents such as airplane crashes. while the frequency and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property, the geographic concentration of insured lives and the effects of inflation could increase the severity of claims from future catastrophes. while the exact impact of the physical effects of climate change is uncertain, changes in the global climate may cause long-term increases in the frequency and severity of storms, resulting in higher catastrophe losses, which could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition.
catastrophe losses can vary widely and could significantly exceed our expectations. we use catastrophe modeling tools that help estimate our probable losses, but these projections are based on historical data and other assumptions that may differ materially from actual events. if the severity of an event were sufficiently high (for example, in the event of an extremely large catastrophe), it could exceed our reinsurance coverage limits and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, affecting our ability to write new business. we may also lose premium income due to a large-scale business interruption caused by a natural or human-made catastrophe or by legislative or regulatory reactions to the event. such an event could also cause substantial volatility in our financial results from period to period and could materially reduce our profitability.
accounting rules do not permit insurers to reserve for such catastrophic events before they occur. once a catastrophic event occurs, the establishment of appropriate reserves is an inherently uncertain and complex process. the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded reserves and such variance may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, capital and financial condition.
because global housing's lender-placed homeowners and lender-placed manufactured housing insurance products are designed to automatically provide property coverage for client portfolios, our concentration in certain catastrophe-prone states like florida, california, texas and new york may increase. the withdrawal of other insurers from these or other states may lead to adverse selection and increased use of our products in these areas and may negatively affect our loss experience. in addition, with respect to our preneed insurance policies, the average age of policyholders is approximately 73 years. this group is more susceptible to certain epidemics than the overall population, and an epidemic resulting in a higher incidence of mortality could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may be unable to grow our business if we cannot find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices and integrate them effectively or identify new areas for organic growth.
we expect acquisitions to play a role in the growth of some of our businesses. we recently announced the acquisition of twg, which is expected to close in the second quarter of 2018. however, there can be no assurances that we will continue to be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or new venture opportunities or to finance or complete such transactions on acceptable terms. additionally, the integration of acquired businesses may result in significant challenges and additional costs, and we may be unable to accomplish such integration smoothly or successfully.
acquired businesses may not provide us with the benefits that we anticipate. acquisitions entail a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may differ from those historically associated with our operations. these include, among other things, inaccurate assessment of liabilities; difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; difficulties in integrating systems and personnel and additional costs related thereto; failure to achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flow; an increase in our indebtedness; and a limitation in our ability to access additional capital when needed. our failure to adequately address these acquisition risks could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our ability to effectively identify and capitalize on opportunities for organic growth depends, among other things, on our ability to identify and successfully enter and market our services in new geographic markets and market segments, our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, our ability to coordinate our efforts across various geographic markets and market segments, our ability to maintain and grow relationships with our existing customers and expand our customer base, our ability to offer new products and services, our ability to form strategic alliances and partnerships, our ability to secure key vendor and distributor relationships and the availability of sufficient capital. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in executing on our organic growth initiatives, or that those initiatives will provide us with the expected benefits, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition.
sales of our products and services may decline if we are unable to develop and maintain distribution sources or attract and retain sales representatives.
we distribute many of our insurance products and services through a variety of distribution channels, including mobile carriers, financial institutions, mortgage lenders and servicers, retailers, funeral homes, association groups and other third-party marketing organizations. our relationships with these distributors are significant both for our revenues and profits. we generally do not distribute our insurance products and services through our own captives or affiliated agents. there is intense competition for distribution outlets. agents who distribute our products are often not exclusively dedicated to us, but also market the products of our competitors. in some cases, such agents are affiliated with other insurers, which may choose to write the product they are now selling on our behalf. therefore, we face continued competition from competing products and services.
we also have our own sales representatives. we depend in large part on our sales representatives and segment executives to develop and maintain client relationships. our inability to attract and retain effective sales representatives and executives with key client relationships could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
failure to successfully manage outsourcing activities could adversely affect our business.
as we continue to improve operating efficiencies across the business, we have outsourced and may continue to outsource selected functions to venders and other third parties, including independent contractors. for example, we outsource certain key functions in our mortgage solutions businesses to certain independent contractors who we believe offer us expertise, as well as scalability and cost effective services. we have also outsourced certain business and information technology services, as well as call center services. we generally take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of these independent third parties, but our vendor oversight controls could prove inadequate. if these third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to the company as a result of their performance, changes in their operations, financial condition or other matters beyond our control, or if they fail to protect our data or the data of our customers, the company's operations and reputation could be compromised and we could suffer adverse legal and regulatory consequences. in addition, if we are unable to attract and retain relationships with qualified independent contractors, or if changes in law or judicial decisions require such independent contractors to be classified as employees, our mortgage solutions businesses could be significantly adversely affected.
to the extent the company outsources selected services or functions to third parties outside the u.s., the company is exposed to the risks that accompany operations in a foreign jurisdiction, including international economic and political conditions, foreign laws and fluctuations in currency values and, potentially, increased risk of data breaches. for more information on the risks associated with outsourcing to international third parties, please see item 1a, "risk factors - risks related to the company - business and competitive risks - we face risks associated with our international operations." if third party providers do not perform as anticipated, we may not fully realize the anticipated economic and other benefits of this outsourcing, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
a decline in the value of devices in our inventory or subject to guaranteed buybacks could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
the value of the mobile devices that we collect and refurbish for our clients may fall below the prices we have paid or guaranteed, which could affect our profitability. in our mobile business, we carry inventory to meet delivery requirements of certain clients and we provide the guaranteed buyback of devices as part of our trade-in and upgrade offerings. these devices are ultimately disposed of through sales to third parties. our mobile business is subject to the risk that the value of the devices will be adversely affected by price reductions or technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of the devices and parts, physical problems resulting from faulty design or manufacturing, as well as increased competition and growing industry emphasis on cost containment. if the value of devices is significantly reduced, it could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
the markets in which we operate may be subject to periodic negative publicity, which may negatively affect our financial results.
we communicate with and distribute our products and services ultimately to individual consumers. there may be a perception that some of these purchasers may be unsophisticated and in need of consumer protection. accordingly, from time to time, consumer advocacy groups or the media may focus attention on our products and services, thereby subjecting us to negative publicity.
we may also be negatively affected if another company in one of our industries or in a related industry engages in practices resulting in increased public attention to our businesses. negative publicity may also result from judicial inquiries, unfavorable outcomes in lawsuits, or regulatory or governmental action with respect to our products, services and industry commercial practices. negative publicity may cause increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation or enforcement action by civil and criminal authorities. additionally, negative publicity may increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by impeding our ability to market our products and services, constraining our ability to price our products appropriately for the risks we are assuming, requiring us to change the products and services we offer, or increasing the regulatory burdens under which we operate.
the success of our business depends on our successfully implementing our strategy and the continuing service of key executives, the members of our senior management team and other highly-skilled personnel.
the company recently underwent a multi-year transformation to position itself for long-term profitable growth. this process included a business portfolio realignment to focus on the housing and lifestyle markets and a new global enterprise operating model. in connection with the transformation, the company substantially exited the health insurance market and sold its employee benefits business. in addition, the company began the implementation of new global organizational structures for its business operations under a coo and key support functions. the company appointed key executives such as a new cfo and a newly created chief technology officer and chief risk officer. as part of the new global organizational model, the company integrated decentralized business operating structures and support functions in order to increase efficiencies and achieve cost savings. however, the company will continue to incur costs related to the transformation, including investments in information technology, procurement and other initiatives, as well as costs associated with businesses in run off or that have been sold. the company's long-term strategy depends on the successful execution of its strategy, including our ability to make the necessary adjustments to our cost structure, achieve efficiencies and attract and retain personnel.
we also rely on the continued service of key executives, members of our senior management team and highly-skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture. we believe that our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented and highly-skilled personnel. doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, employee tolerance for the significant amount of change within and demands on our company, the effectiveness of our compensation programs and competition. if we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our existing key employees and in attracting new key personnel, our revenue growth and profitability may be materially adversely affected. furthermore, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for and successfully carry out the succession of our senior management and other key executives.
employee misconduct could harm us by subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm.
our reputation is critical to maintaining and developing relationships with our clients and distributors. our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. we could be subject to litigation, regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation or financial position if an employee were to engage or be accused of engaging in illegal or suspicious activities. employee misconduct could also prompt regulators to allege or to determine, on the basis of such misconduct, that we have not established adequate supervisory systems and procedures to inform employees of applicable rules or to detect and deter violations of such rules. it is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent misconduct may not be effective in all cases. misconduct by employees, or even unsubstantiated allegations, could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business.
financial risks our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could materially affect our results of operations, profitability and capital.
we maintain reserves to cover our estimated ultimate exposure for claims and claim adjustment expenses with respect to reported claims and incurred but not reported claims ("ibnr") as of the end of each accounting period. whether calculated under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of american ("gaap"), statutory accounting principles ("sap") or accounting principles applicable in foreign jurisdictions, reserves are estimates. reserving is inherently a matter of judgment; our ultimate liabilities could exceed reserves for a variety of reasons, including changes in macroeconomic factors (such as unemployment and interest rates), case development and other factors. from time to time, we also adjust our reserves, and may adjust our reserving methodology, as these factors and our claims experience changes. reserve development, changes in our reserving methodology and paid losses exceeding corresponding reserves could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. please see "item 7 - management's discussion & analysis - critical accounting policies & estimates - reserves" for additional detail on our reserves.
we may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability.
our profitability could vary depending on our ability to predict and price for claims and other costs including, but not limited to, the frequency and severity of property claims. this ability could be affected by factors such as inflation, changes in the regulatory environment, changes in industry practices, changes in legal, social or environmental conditions, or new technologies. political or economic conditions can also affect the availability of programs on which our business may rely to accurately predict claims and other costs. the inability to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
a.m. best, moody's and s&p rate the financial strength of our insurance company subsidiaries, and a decline in these ratings could affect our standing in the insurance industry and cause our sales and earnings to decrease.
ratings are important considerations in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. a.m. best rates most of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries. moody's rates four of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries and s&p rates five of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries. these ratings are subject to periodic review by a.m. best, moody's and s&p, and we cannot assure that we will be able to retain them. rating agencies may change their methodology or requirements for determining ratings, or they may become more conservative in assigning ratings. rating agencies or regulators could also increase capital requirements for the company's subsidiaries. any reduction in these ratings could materially adversely affect the demand for our products from intermediaries and consumers and materially adversely affect our results.
as of december 31, 2017, our operations had a significant number of contracts that contain provisions that require the applicable subsidiaries to maintain minimum financial strength ratings, typically from a.m. best, ranging from "a" or better to "b+" or better, depending on the contract. our clients may terminate these contracts or fail to renew them if the subsidiaries' ratings fall below these minimums. termination or failure to renew these agreements could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
a credit rating agency downgrade of our corporate senior debt rating could significantly impact our business.
currently, the company's senior debt is rated bbb+ by s&p and baa2 by moody's.  following the announcement of the transaction with twg, in october 2017, s&p placed the company's debt ratings on creditwatch negative and moody's placed the company's debt and financial strength ratings under review for downgrade.
if our senior debt credit ratings were downgraded, our business, financial position and results of operations, and perceptions of our financial strength, could be adversely affected. in particular, a decrease in our senior debt credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, increase our borrowing costs, decrease demand for our debt securities and increase the expense and difficulty of financing our operations. we could also be subject to more restrictive financial and operational covenants in any indebtedness we issue in the future, which could reduce our operational flexibility.  there can be no assurance that our credit ratings will not be downgraded.
fluctuations in the exchange rate of the u.s. dollar and other foreign currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
while most of our costs and revenues are in u.s. dollars, some are in other currencies. because our financial results in certain countries are translated from local currency into u.s. dollars upon consolidation, the results of our operations have been and may continue to be affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. to a large extent, we do not currently hedge foreign currency risk. if the u.s. dollar weakens against a local currency, the translation of our foreign-currency-denominated balances will result in increased net assets, net revenue, operating expenses and net income or loss. similarly, our net assets, net revenue, operating expenses and net income or loss will decrease if the u.s. dollar strengthens against local currency. these fluctuations in currency exchange rates may result in gains or losses that materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations and book value.
goodwill represented 21% of our total equity as of december 31, 2017. we review our goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment or more frequently if circumstances indicating that the asset may be impaired exist or we change our reportable segments and related reporting units. such circumstances could include a sustained significant decline in our share price, a decline in our actual or expected future cash flows or income, a significant adverse change in the business climate, or slower growth rates, among others. circumstances such as those mentioned above could trigger an impairment of some or all of the remaining goodwill on our balance sheet, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and book value per share. for more information on our annual goodwill impairment testing and the goodwill of our segments, please see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis - critical factors affecting results - value and recoverability of goodwill." in addition, other intangible assets collectively represented 7% of our total equity as of december 31, 2017. an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, or significant reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and book value.
failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
as a public company, we are required to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. while management has certified that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of december 31, 2017, because internal control over financial reporting is complex, we cannot assure you that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in the future. any failure to implement required controls, or difficulties encountered in their operation, could adversely affect our results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. if we are not able to maintain or document effective internal control over financial reporting, our independent registered public accounting firm would be unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or opine that our financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the company in conformity with gaap. internal control deficiencies may also prevent us from reporting our financial information on a timely basis or cause us to restate previously issued financial information, and thereby subject us to litigation and adverse regulatory consequences, including fines and other sanctions, and result in a breach of the covenants under our credit agreements. investor confidence in the company and the reliability of our financial statements could erode, resulting in a decline in our share price and impairing our ability to raise capital.
unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets may significantly and adversely affect our access to capital and our ability to pay our debts or expenses.
in previous years, the global capital and credit markets experienced extreme volatility and disruption. in many cases, companies' ability to raise money was severely restricted. although conditions in the capital and credit markets are currently stable, they could again deteriorate. our ability to borrow or raise money is important if our operating cash flow is insufficient to pay our expenses, meet capital requirements, repay debt, pay dividends on our common stock or make investments. the principal sources of our liquidity are insurance premiums, fee income, cash flow from our investment portfolio and liquid assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash. sources of liquidity in normal markets also include a variety of short-and long-term instruments.
if our access to capital markets is restricted, our cost of capital could increase, thus decreasing our profitability and reducing our financial flexibility. our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially and adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets.
the value of our investments could decline, affecting our profitability and financial strength.
investment returns are an important part of our profitability. significant fluctuations in the fixed maturity market could impair our profitability, financial condition and cash flows. our investments are subject to market-wide risks and fluctuations, as well as to risks inherent in particular securities. in addition, certain factors affecting our business, such as volatility of claims experience, could force us to liquidate securities or other investments prior to maturity, causing us to incur capital losses. see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - interest rate risk."
market conditions, changes in interest rates and prolonged periods of low interest rates may materially affect our results.
recent periods have been characterized by low interest rates. a prolonged period during which interest rates remain at historically low levels may result in lower-than-expected net investment income and larger required reserves. in addition, certain statutory capital requirements are based on formulas or models that consider interest rates and a prolonged period of low interest rates may increase the statutory capital we are required to hold.
changes in interest rates may materially adversely affect the performance of some of our investments. interest rate volatility may materially increase or reduce unrealized gains or unrealized losses in our portfolios. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. fixed maturity and short-term investments represented 86% of the fair value of our total investments as of december 31, 2017.
the fair market value of the fixed maturity securities in our portfolio and the investment income from these securities fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. because all of our fixed maturity securities are classified as available for sale, changes in the market value of these securities are reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. their fair market value generally increases or decreases in an inverse relationship with fluctuations in interest rates, while net investment income from fixed maturity investments increases or decreases directly with interest rates. in addition, actual net investment income and cash flows from investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, may differ from those anticipated at the time of investment as a result of interest rate fluctuations. an increase in interest rates will also decrease the net unrealized gains in our current investment portfolio.
we employ asset/liability management strategies to manage the adverse effects of interest rate volatility and the likelihood that cash flows are unavailable to pay claims as they become due. our asset/liability management strategies do not completely eliminate the adverse effects of interest rate volatility, and significant fluctuations in the level of interest rates may require us to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a significant loss to pay claims. this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our preneed insurance policies are subject to increasing death benefits. in extended periods of declining interest rates or rising inflation, there may be compression in the spread between the death benefit growth rates on these policies and the investment income that we can earn, resulting in a negative spread. as a result, declining interest rates or high inflation rates may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our overall financial condition. see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - inflation risk".
our investment portfolio is subject to various risks that may result in realized investment losses.
we are subject to credit risk in our investment portfolio, primarily from our investments in corporate bonds, preferred stocks, leveraged loans, municipal bonds, and commercial mortgages. defaults by third parties in the payment or performance of their obligations could reduce our investment income and realized investment gains or result in the continued recognition of investment losses. the value of our investments may be materially adversely affected by increases in interest rates, downgrades in the corporate bonds included in the portfolio and by other factors that may result in the continued recognition of other-than-temporary impairments. each of these events may cause us to reduce the carrying value of our investment portfolio.
further, the value of any particular fixed maturity security is subject to impairment based on the creditworthiness of a given issuer. as of december 31, 2017, fixed maturity securities represented 84% of the fair value of our total invested assets. our fixed maturity portfolio also includes below investment grade securities (rated "bb" or lower by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations). these investments comprise approximately 5% of the fair value of our total investments as of december 31, 2017 and generally provide higher expected returns but present greater risk and can be less liquid than investment grade securities. a significant increase in defaults and impairments on our fixed maturity investment portfolio could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - credit risk" for additional information on the composition of our fixed maturity investment portfolio.
we currently invest in equity securities representing approximately 3% of the fair value of our total investments as of december 31, 2017. however, we have had higher percentages in the past and may make more such investments in the future. investments in equity securities generally provide higher expected total returns but present greater risk to preservation of capital than our fixed maturity investments. beginning january 1, 2018, all such equity securities will be required to have all changes in fair value reflected through the income statement which may increase the volatility of financial results (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for more information).
if treasury rates or credit spreads were to increase, the company may have additional realized and unrealized investment losses and increases in other-than-temporary impairments. the determination that a security has incurred an other-than-temporary decline in value requires the judgment of management. inherently, there are risks and uncertainties involved in making these judgments. changes in facts, circumstances, or critical assumptions could cause management to conclude that further impairments have occurred. this could lead to additional losses on investments. for further details on net investment losses and other-than-temporary-impairments, please see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
our commercial mortgage loans and real estate investments subject us to liquidity risk.
our commercial mortgage loans on real estate investments (which represented approximately 6% of the fair value of our total investments as of december 31, 2017) are relatively illiquid. if we require extremely large amounts of cash on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments at attractive prices and in a timely manner.
the risk parameters of our investment portfolio may not assume an appropriate level of risk, thereby reducing our profitability and diminishing our ability to compete and grow.
in pricing our products and services, we incorporate assumptions regarding returns on our investments. market conditions may not allow us to invest in assets with sufficiently high returns to meet our pricing assumptions and profit targets over the long term. if, in response, we choose to increase our product prices, our ability to compete and grow may be diminished.
the recently enacted u.s. tax reform bill will have a significant impact on our results of operation and financial condition.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") was enacted, which significantly amends the internal revenue code of 1986. the tcja, among other things, reduces the corporate tax rate from a statutory rate of 35% to 21%, imposes a one-time transition tax on offshore earnings at reduced rates, allows immediate deductions for certain new investments and modifies or repeals many business deductions. while we are currently evaluating the effects of the tcja, we expect the legislation will have a favorable impact on our financial results beginning in 2018. in addition, the enactment of the tcja resulted in a favorable tax benefit of $177.0 million as a result of the federal corporate rate change as applied to our deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the enactment date. we also estimate that the one-time transition tax will have no impact on our results of operation. however, the overall impact of the tcja is uncertain due to the ambiguities in the application of certain provisions of the tcja, the impact of future guidance, interpretations or rules issued by government agencies in applying the tcja and potential court decisions interpreting the legislation. changes in the application or interpretation of the tcja could have an adverse impact on our results of operation and financial condition.
the value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in accordance with applicable income tax guidance, the company must determine whether its ability to realize the value of its deferred tax asset or to recognize certain tax liabilities related to uncertain tax positions is "more likely than not." under current income tax guidance, a deferred tax asset should be reduced by a valuation allowance, or a liability related to uncertain tax positions should be accrued, if, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. the realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income of the same character during the carryback or carry-forward periods.
in determining the appropriate valuation allowance, management made certain judgments relating to recoverability of deferred tax assets, use of tax loss and tax credit carry-forwards, levels of expected future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. the assumptions in making these judgments are updated periodically on the basis of current business conditions affecting the company and overall economic conditions. these management judgments are therefore subject to change due to factors that include, but are not limited to, changes in our ability to realize sufficient taxable income of the same character in the same jurisdiction or in our ability to execute other tax planning strategies. furthermore, any future changes in tax laws could impact the value of our deferred tax assets. management will continue to assess and determine the need for, and the amount of, the valuation allowance in subsequent periods. any change in the valuation allowance could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
reinsurance may not be available or adequate to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers.
as part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various operating segments. although the reinsurer is liable to us for claims properly ceded under the reinsurance arrangements, we remain liable to the insured as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. ceded reinsurance arrangements therefore do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims. we are subject to credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. the inability to collect amounts due from reinsurers could materially adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition.
reinsurance for certain types of catastrophes could become unavailable or prohibitively expensive for some of our businesses. in such a situation, we might also be adversely affected by state regulations that prohibit us from excluding catastrophe exposures or from withdrawing from or increasing premium rates in catastrophe-prone areas.
our reinsurance facilities are generally subject to annual renewal. we may not be able to maintain our current reinsurance facilities and, even where highly desirable or necessary, we may not be able to obtain other reinsurance facilities in adequate amounts and at favorable rates. inability to obtain reinsurance at favorable rates or at all could cause us to reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, to take more risk, or to incur higher costs. these developments could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
through reinsurance, we have sold businesses that could again become our direct financial and administrative responsibility if the reinsurers become insolvent.
in the past, we have sold, and in the future we may sell, businesses through reinsurance ceded to third parties. for example, in 2000 we sold our long term care ("ltc") division to john hancock life insurance company ("john hancock"), now a subsidiary of manulife financial corporation; in 2001 we sold the insurance operations of our fortis financial group ("ffg") division to the hartford financial services group, inc. ("the hartford"); and in 2016, we sold our assurant employee benefits segment to sun life assurance company of canada ("sun life"). most of the assets backing reserves coinsured under these sales are held in trusts or separate accounts. however, if the reinsurers became insolvent, the assets in the trusts and/or the separate accounts could prove insufficient to support the liabilities that would revert to us.
in january 2013, the hartford sold its individual life operations to prudential financial, inc. ("prudential"). included in this transaction are the individual life policies remaining in force that were originally transferred to the hartford as part of the sale of ffg. the assets backing the reserves coinsured from the hartford to prudential continue to be held in trusts or separate accounts, and we are subject to the risk that the trust and/or separate account assets are insufficient to support the liabilities that would revert to us. although the hartford remains responsible for the sufficiency of the assets backing the reserves, we face risks related to any administrative system changes prudential implements in administering the business.
the a.m. best ratings of the hartford, john hancock and sun life are currently b++ with a developing outlook, a+ and a+, respectively. a.m. best currently maintains a stable outlook on each of their financial strength ratings.
we also face the risk of again becoming responsible for administering these businesses in the event of reinsurer insolvency. we do not currently have the administrative systems and capabilities to process these businesses. accordingly, we would need to obtain those capabilities in the event of an insolvency of one or more of the reinsurers. we might be forced to obtain such capabilities on unfavorable terms with a resulting material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, third parties to whom we have sold businesses in the past may in turn sell these businesses to other third parties, and we could face risks related to the new administrative systems and capabilities of these third parties in administering these businesses.
for more information on these arrangements, including the reinsurance recoverables and risk mitigation mechanisms used, please see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks - credit risk."
due to the structure of our commission program, we are exposed to risks related to the creditworthiness and reporting systems of some of our agents, third party administration and clients.
we are subject to the credit risk of some of the clients, third party administrators and agents with which we contract in our businesses. for example, we advance agents' commissions as part of our preneed insurance offerings. these advances are a percentage of the total face amount of coverage. there is a one-year payback provision against the agency if death or lapse occurs within the first policy year. if sci, which receives the largest shares of such agent commissions, were unable to fulfill its payback obligations, this could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.
in addition, some of our clients, third party administrators and agents collect and report premiums or pay claims on our behalf. these parties' failure to remit all premiums collected or to pay claims on our behalf on a timely and accurate basis could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the inability of our subsidiaries to pay sufficient dividends to the holding company could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends.
as a holding company whose principal assets are the capital stock of our subsidiaries, assurant, inc. relies primarily on dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations for payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt obligations, to repurchase shares or debt, to acquire new businesses and to pay dividends to stockholders and corporate expenses. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and to make such other payments depends on their statutory surplus, future statutory earnings, rating agency requirements and regulatory restrictions. except to the extent that assurant, inc. is a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, claims of the subsidiaries' creditors, including policyholders, have priority over our claims with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiaries. if any of our subsidiaries should become insolvent, liquidate or otherwise reorganize, our creditors and stockholders will have no right to proceed against their assets or to cause the liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up of the subsidiary under applicable liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up laws. the applicable insurance laws of the jurisdiction where each of our insurance subsidiaries is domiciled would govern any proceedings relating to that subsidiary, and the insurance authority of that jurisdiction would act as a liquidator or rehabilitator for the subsidiary. both creditors and policyholders of the subsidiary would be entitled to payment in full from the subsidiary's assets before assurant, inc., as a stockholder, would be entitled to receive any distribution from the subsidiary.
the payment of dividends by any of our regulated domestic insurance company subsidiaries in excess of specified amounts (i.e., extraordinary dividends) must be approved by the subsidiary's domiciliary state department of insurance. ordinary dividends, for which no regulatory approval is generally required, are limited to amounts determined by a formula, which varies by state. the formula for the majority of the states in which our subsidiaries are domiciled is based on the prior year's statutory net income or 10% of the statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year. some states limit ordinary dividends to the greater of these two amounts, others limit them to the lesser of these two amounts and some states exclude prior year realized capital gains from prior year net income in determining ordinary dividend capacity. some states have an additional stipulation that dividends may only be paid out of earned surplus. if insurance regulators determine that payment of an ordinary dividend or any other payments by our insurance subsidiaries to us (such as payments under a tax sharing agreement or payments for employee or other services) would be adverse to policyholders or creditors, they may block such payments that would otherwise be permitted without prior approval. future regulatory actions could further restrict the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. for more information on the maximum amount our subsidiaries could pay us in 2018 without regulatory approval, see "item 5 - market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities - dividend policy."
assurant, inc.'s credit facilities also contain limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders if we are in default or such dividend payments would cause us to be in default of our obligations under the credit facilities.
any additional material restrictions on the ability of insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends could adversely affect assurant, inc.'s ability to pay any dividends on our common stock and/or service our debt and pay our other corporate expenses.
technology, cybersecurity and privacy risks the failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information technology systems could adversely affect our business.
the success of our business depends on our ability to maintain effective information technology systems and to enhance our technology to support the company's business in an efficient and cost-effective manner. this requires us to maintain effective planning and management processes and certain other automated management and accounting systems as well as to continually upgrade product and service offerings and support growth, as our ability to integrate our systems with those of our clients is critical to our success. our information systems rely on the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources to maintain and enhance existing systems as well as develop and create new systems and products to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology or evolving industry and regulatory requirements. we must also integrate the systems of acquired businesses effectively so that technology gained through acquisitions meets the required level of security and performance capabilities to avoid additional risk to existing operations. we periodically update our operations and financial systems, procedures and controls; however; we still rely on manual processes and procedures that may not scale proportionately with our business growth. our information systems will continue to require automation, modifications and improvements to respond to current and future changes in our business. if we are unable to implement appropriate systems, procedures and controls, we may not be able to successfully offer our products and grow our business and account for transactions in an appropriate and timely manner. system development projects may be more costly or time-consuming than anticipated and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion. in addition, our employees or agents could fail to monitor or implement enhancements or other modifications to a system in a timely or effective manner, or fail to complete appropriate controls when implementing new systems or updating current systems. this could cause significant disruption to our business. if we fail to maintain systems that function effectively without interruption (including through a failure to replace or update redundant or obsolete hardware, applications or software systems), or fail to update our systems to support our transformation and keep pace with technological advancements, our relationships and ability to conduct our business may be adversely affected. in addition, a failure to implement in a timely manner appropriate internal systems, procedures and control could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we could incur significant liability if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we receive and are required to protect confidential and other sensitive information, including personal data, that we receive from our customers, vendors and other third parties. we rely on the uninterrupted and secure operation of our information technology systems to securely process, transmit and store this information. in the normal course of business, we also share confidential and other sensitive information with our vendors and other third parties. our information technology systems and those of our vendors and other third parties are vulnerable to threats from computer viruses, malware, ransomware, cyber-attack and other similar breach events. our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties who may have otherwise legitimate access to our systems.
cyber threats are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. our data protection measures may not be effective to protect our network and systems from such threats, which could result in the misappropriation or compromise of data, fraud, system disruption or shutdown. certain measures that could increase the security of our infrastructure take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and may not be effective against an attack in any event. we also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner. the inability to implement and maintain effective protective measures and other safeguards or adequately respond to a breach could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive data from us in connection with the services we offer our customers. we are at risk of a cyber-attack involving a vendor or other third party, which could result in a breakdown of such third party's data protection measures. to the extent that a vendor or third party suffers a cyber-attack that compromises their operations, our data or the data of our customers could be compromised or we may experience possible service interruption, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate and the increased frequency at which vendors issue security patches to their products, we are at risk that we cannot deploy patches or otherwise respond to cyber threats in a timely and effective manner. we are also dependent on vendors and other third parties like cloud service providers to keep their systems patched in order to protect our data. if we and our vendors are unable to keep systems patched in a timely manner, we or they may be breached, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our policies, procedures and technical safeguards may also be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information by employees, vendors or other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems.
unauthorized disclosure of data could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect their information and they may cease to do business with us. data breaches could lead to claims against the company, result in legal or regulatory action, including significant fines and penalties and harm our reputation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. we could also experience other adverse consequences resulting from the loss or inappropriate disclosure of data, including a disruption in our operations, unfavorable underwriting and reserving decisions and internal control deficiencies. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to mitigate the damage caused by any security breach and to protect against future damage. in addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches.
the costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the e.u. general data protection regulation, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation.
in providing services and solutions to our customers and operating our business, we store and transfer sensitive customer, end-consumer and company data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. as a result, we are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, in april 2016 the european commission adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of its laws and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of significant data breaches, privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers. at the state level, the new york state department of financial services has issued cybersecurity regulations that impose an array of detailed security measures on covered entities. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time and may restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.
unauthorized disclosure or transfer of personal or otherwise sensitive data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, by the company, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. for example, under the gdpr, violations could result in a fine of up to 4% of a corporation's global annual revenue. such events could also result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation and cause us to lose clients, which could therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business. violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations.
we are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the united states and its various states, the european union and its member states and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. for example, we are subject to regulation by state insurance regulators in the united states, by the prudential regulatory authority and the financial conduct authority in the united kingdom and agencies such as the sec, both in our capacity as a publicly-traded company and through our investment advisory business. we are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. anti-bribery act, trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and export control regulations and restrictions. we are subject to other laws and regulations on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, data privacy and protection, taxation, environmental protection, anti-trust, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
furthermore, our domestic and international insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulatory oversight including but not limited to restrictions and requirements related to licensing; capital, surplus and dividends; underwriting limitations; the ability to enter and exit markets; statutory accounting and other disclosure requirements; coverage; the ability to provide, terminate or cancel certain coverages; premium rates, including regulatory ability to disapprove or reduce the premium rates companies may charge; trade and claims practices; content of disclosures to consumers; type, amount and valuation of investments; assessments or other surcharges for guaranty funds and companies' ability to recover assessments through premium increases; and market conduct and sales practices. for additional discussion of the various laws and regulations affecting our business, please see item 1, "business - regulation."
compliance with applicable u.s. and foreign laws and regulations related to our businesses increases the costs and risks of doing business in these jurisdictions. the regulations we are subject to have tended to become more stringent over time, may impose significant operational limits on our business and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. while we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients. the cost of compliance and the consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the company by exposing us to negative publicity and reputational damage or by harming our client or employee relationships.
our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions.
from time to time, we may be subject to a variety of legal and regulatory actions relating to our current and past business operations, including, but not limited to:
•   industry-wide investigations regarding business practices including, but not limited to, the use of the marketing of certain types of insurance policies or certificates of insurance;
•   actions by regulatory authorities that may restrict our ability to increase or maintain our premium rates, require us to reduce premium rates, imposes fines or penalties and result in other expenses;
•   market conduct examinations, for which we are required to pay the expenses of the regulator as well as our own expenses, and which may result in fines, penalties, or other adverse consequences;
•   disputes regarding our lender-placed insurance products including those relating to rates, agent compensation, consumer disclosure, continuous coverage requirements, loan tracking services and other services that we provide to mortgage servicers;
•   disputes over coverage or claims adjudication;
•   disputes over our treatment of claims, in which states or insureds may allege that we failed to make required payments or to meet prescribed deadlines for adjudicating claims;
•   disputes regarding sales practices, disclosures, premium refunds, licensing, regulatory compliance, underwriting and compensation arrangements;
•   disputes alleging bundling of credit insurance and warranty products with other products provided by financial institutions;
•   disputes with tax and insurance authorities regarding our tax liabilities; and
•   disputes relating to customers' claims that the customer was not aware of the full cost or existence of the insurance or limitations on insurance coverage.
further, actions by certain regulators may cause additional changes to the structure of the lender-placed insurance industry, including the arrangements under which we track coverage on mortgaged properties. these changes could materially adversely affect the results of operations of global housing and the results of operations and financial condition of the company. for additional information, see item 1, "business - regulation" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - global housing - regulatory matters."
in addition, the company is involved in a variety of litigation relating to its current and past business operations and may from time to time become involved in other such actions. in particular, the company is a defendant in class actions in a number of jurisdictions regarding its lender-placed insurance programs. these cases allege a variety of claims under a number of legal theories. the plaintiffs seek premium refunds and other relief. the company continues to defend itself vigorously in these class actions and, as appropriate, to enter into settlements.
we participate in settlements on terms that we consider reasonable in light of the strength of our defenses; however, the results of any pending or future litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable and involve significant uncertainty. unfavorable outcomes in litigation or regulatory proceedings, or significant problems in our relationships with regulators, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, our reputation, our ratings, and our ability to continue to do business. they could also expose us to further investigations or litigation. in addition, certain of our clients in the mortgage, credit card and banking industries are the subject of various regulatory investigations and litigation regarding mortgage lending practices, credit insurance, debt-deferment and debt cancellation products, and the sale of ancillary products, which could indirectly affect our businesses.
our business is subject to risks related to reductions in the insurance premium rates we charge.
the premiums we charge are subject to review by regulators. if they consider our loss ratios to be too low, they could require us to reduce our rates. significant rate reductions could materially reduce our profitability.
lender-placed insurance products accounted for approximately 56% and 58% of global housing's net earned premiums, fees and other income for the twelve months ended december 2017 and 2016, respectively. the approximate corresponding contributions to segment net income in these periods were 45% and 56%. the portion of total segment net income attributable to lender-placed products may vary substantially over time depending on the frequency, severity and location of catastrophic losses, the cost of catastrophe reinsurance and reinstatement coverage, the variability of claim processing costs and client acquisition costs, and other factors. in addition, we expect placement rates for these products to decline in 2018 as housing markets continue to improve.
the company files rates with the state departments of insurance in the ordinary course of business. in addition to this routine correspondence, from time to time the company engages in discussions and proceedings with certain state regulators regarding our lender-placed insurance business. the results of such reviews may vary. as previously disclosed, the company has reached agreements with the new york department of financial services (the "nydfs"), the florida office of insurance regulation (the "foir") and the california department of insurance regarding the company's lender-placed insurance business in those states. in addition, the company has reached an agreement to settle a targeted multistate market conduct examination focused on lender-placed insurance, including a number of requirements and restrictions, in a regulatory settlement agreement (the "rsa"), which is applicable in all states and u.s. territories. among other things, the terms of the rsa will require more frequent rate filings for lender-placed insurance. this could result in downward pressure on premium rates for these products. if such filings result in significant decreases in premium rates for the company's lender-placed insurance products, our cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth.
legislation or other regulatory reform related to the insurance industry that increases the regulatory requirements imposed on us or that changes the way we are able to do business may significantly harm our business or results of operations in the future. if we were unable for any reason to comply with these requirements, it could result in substantial costs to us and may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, new interpretations of existing laws, or new judicial decisions affecting the insurance industry, could adversely affect our business.
insurance industry-related legislative or regulatory changes that could significantly harm our subsidiaries and us include, but are not limited to:
•   imposed reductions in premium rates, limitations on the ability to raise premiums on existing policies, or new minimum loss ratios;
•   increases in minimum capital, reserves and other financial viability requirements;
•   enhanced or new regulatory requirements intended to prevent future financial crises or to otherwise ensure the stability of institutions;
•   new licensing requirements;
•   restrictions on the ability to offer certain types of insurance products or service contracts;
•   prohibitions or limitations on provider financial incentives and provider risk-sharing arrangements;
•   more stringent standards of review for claims denials or coverage determinations;
•   increased regulation relating to lender-placed insurance;
•   new or enhanced regulatory requirements that require insurers to pay claims on terms other than those mandated by underlying policy contracts; and
•   restriction of solicitation of insurance consumers by funeral board laws for prefunded funeral insurance coverage.
in addition, regulators in certain states have hired third party auditors to audit the unclaimed property records of insurance companies operating in those states. among other companies, the company is currently subject to these audits in a number of states and has been responding to information requests from these auditors.
several proposals have been adopted or are currently pending to amend state insurance holding company and other laws that increase the scope of insurance company regulation. the naic has implemented the own risk and solvency assessment ("orsa"), which requires u.s. insurers and insurance groups to perform an annual assessment. this requirement is being standardized across many jurisdictions. in 2017, assurant filed orsa reports in the united states, canada, mexico, chile and europe. additional countries are expected to follow, with solvency ii-based regimes being implemented globally. regulatory bodies are expected to increase the frequency of discussions between each other and the level of data sharing across borders in order to enable more consistent regulation of global companies.
various state and federal regulatory authorities have taken actions with respect to our lender-placed insurance business. in january 2015, at the request of the indiana department of insurance, the national association of insurance commissioners (the "naic") authorized an industry-wide multistate targeted market conduct examination focusing on lender-placed insurance. several insurance companies, including our subsidiary american security insurance company, were subject to the examination. in december 2016, the company reached an agreement with the relevant regulators on the settlement of the market conduct examination pursuant to the rsa and a separate agreement with the minnesota department of commerce to settle its lender-placed insurance market conduct examination (together with the rsa, the "settlement agreements"). the effectiveness of the rsa is subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. the settlement agreements resolve outstanding regulatory matters related to lender-placed insurance within the scope of the examinations and will align lender-placed business practices with procedures already implemented across much of the company's lender-placed business. the company will also re-file its lender-placed insurance rates at least once every four years, and modify certain lender-placed business practices to which other significant providers in the lender-placed market will also be subject. we cannot predict the full effect of these or any other regulatory initiatives on the company at this time, but they could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our common stock our stock may be subject to stock price and trading volume volatility. the price of our common stock could fluctuate or decline significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment.
in recent years, the stock markets have experienced significant price and trading volume volatility. company-specific issues and market developments generally in the insurance industry and in the regulatory environment may have caused this volatility. our stock price could materially fluctuate or decrease in response to a number of events and factors, including but not limited to: quarterly variations in operating results; operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; changes in our financial strength ratings; limitations on premium levels or the ability to maintain or raise premiums on existing policies; regulatory developments and negative publicity relating to us or our competitors. in addition, broad market and industry fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.
applicable laws, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and contract provisions may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests.
state laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider in their best interests. for example, section 203 of the general corporation law of the state of delaware may limit the ability of an "interested stockholder" to engage in business combinations with us. an interested stockholder is defined to include persons owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. these provisions may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our directors, which could delay, defer or prevent a change in control. such provisions may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging future takeover attempts.
our certificate of incorporation or by-laws also contain provisions that permit our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock, prohibit stockholders from filling vacancies on our board of directors, prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders and from taking action by written consent, and impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings.
additionally, applicable state insurance laws may require prior approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer. state statutes generally provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist when any person directly or indirectly owns, controls, has voting power over, or holds proxies representing, 10% or more of the domestic insurer's voting securities. prior to granting such approval, a state insurance commissioner will typically consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity of the applicant's board of directors and executive officers, the applicant's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes which appear elsewhere in this report. it contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly under the headings "item 1a - risk factors" and "forward-looking statements."
general we report our results through four segments: global housing, global lifestyle, global preneed and total corporate and other. total corporate and other includes activities of the holding company, financing and interest expenses, net realized gains (losses) on investments, interest income earned from short-term investments held and income (expenses) primarily related to the company's frozen benefit plans. total corporate and other also includes the amortization of deferred gains and gains associated with the sales of fortis financial group ("ffg"), our long term care ("ltc') and the assurant employee benefits businesses through reinsurance agreements, integration and transaction expenses related to the pending acquisition of the warranty group (see below) and other unusual or infrequent items. additionally, the total corporate and other segment includes amounts related to the runoff of the assurant health business. as assurant health was a reportable segment in prior years, these amounts are disclosed for comparability. in addition, assurant employee benefits was a separate segment in 2016 and primarily includes the results of operations for the periods prior to its sale on march 1, 2016. see note 4 for more information.
the following discussion covers the year ended december 31, 2017 ("twelve months 2017"), year ended december 31, 2016 ("twelve months 2016") and year ended december 31, 2015 ("twelve months 2015"). please see the discussion that follows, for each of these segments, for a more detailed comparative analysis.
executive summary on january 8, 2018, the company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (the "a&r merger agreement"), with twg holdings limited, a bermuda limited company ("twg holdings," and together with its subsidiaries, "twg"), twg re, ltd., a corporation incorporated in the cayman islands ("twg re"), arbor merger sub, inc., a delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of twg holdings ("twg merger sub") and spartan merger sub, ltd., a bermuda exempted limited company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of assurant ("merger sub"). under the terms of the a&r merger agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions therein, assurant will acquire twg through a transaction in which merger sub will merge with and into twg, with twg continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of assurant. twg is a global provider of protection plans and related programs and a portfolio company of tpg capital, a private equity company. for more information regarding the pending transaction, see note 27 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report.
consolidated net income decreased $45.8 million, or 8%, to $519.6 million for twelve months 2017 from $565.4 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease includes a $266.5 million reduction in after-tax net gains from the 2016 sale of assurant employee benefits (including net realized gains on investments and amortization of deferred gains in connection with the transaction) and a $90.1 million after-tax increase in reportable catastrophes (reportable catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance and client profit sharing adjustments, and including reinstatement and other premiums), mainly due to hurricanes harvey, irma and maria. these items were partially offset by a one-time $177.0 million tax benefit from the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities following the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act.
global housing net income decreased $91.2 million, or 48%, to $97.4 million for twelve months 2017 from $188.6 million for twelve months 2016, primarily due to an $88.1 million after-tax increase in reportable catastrophes mainly from hurricanes harvey, irma and maria. excluding reportable catastrophes, the decrease in net income was due to higher non-catastrophe loss experience and a reduction from our lender placed insurance business due to the ongoing normalization of placement rates. these decreases were partially offset by a reduction of lender placed regulatory expenses and profitable growth from our multifamily housing business.
net earned premiums and fees decreased $113.8 million to $2.18 billion for twelve months 2017 compared with twelve months 2016, primarily due to lower placement rates in lender-placed insurance as well as the impact of reinstatement and other premiums from reportable catastrophes. reduced demand for originations and field services, along with lower client volumes, in our mortgage solutions business also contributed to the decline. the decrease was partially offset by revenue growth in our multi-family housing business.
for 2018, we anticipate global housing net income, excluding reportable catastrophes, to be down before taking into account recently enacted tax reform. further declines in lender-placed insurance are expected as the housing market continues to improve. we expect declines to be partially offset by continued growth in multi-family housing and improved performance in mortgage solutions. additional savings from ongoing expense management efforts are expected to be realized towards the end of 2018 and into 2019. net operating income is expected to increase after reflecting a lower effective tax rate of approximately 20%, with a portion of the tax savings to be reinvested for future growth. revenue expected to approximate 2017 levels as declines in lender-placed are offset by growth in multi-family housing and mortgage solutions.
global lifestyle net income increased $23.6 million, or 15%, to $178.0 million for twelve months 2017 from $154.4 million for twelve months 2016. the increase was primarily driven by our global connected living business due to higher contributions from extended service contracts from original equipment manufacturer clients and other distribution channels as well as an increase in contract recoverables and growth in our mobile business, partially offset by lower volume from our domestic repair and logistics business. the increase was also driven by growth in our domestic vehicle protection business.
twelve months 2017 net earned premiums, fees and other income decreased $309.9 million to $3.40 billion compared with twelve months 2016, primarily due to the change in program structure in fourth quarter 2016 for a large service contract client in global connected living. excluding this program structure change, net earned premiums, fees and other income increased $193.1 million mainly due to growth in global connected living, that was mostly driven by global mobile, as well as growth from our domestic vehicle protection services and international credit businesses.
in 2018, we expect global lifestyle net income to increase, before taking into account recently enacted tax reform. profitable growth is expected to be driven primarily by newly launched mobile programs and vehicle protection offerings and ongoing expense management efforts, partially offset by ongoing declines in credit insurance. mobile trade-in activity is expected to vary based on the timing and availability of new smartphone introductions and carrier promotional activity. results are expected to benefit from a lower effective tax rate of approximately 22%, with a portion of the tax savings to be reinvested for future growth. revenue is expected to increase from growth in connected living and vehicle protection, globally.
global preneed net income decreased $2.7 million, or 6%, to $39.6 million for twelve months 2017 from $42.3 million for twelve months 2016. this decrease was primarily due to a $5.0 million impairment of software in 2017, partially offset by an increase in net investment income and fee income due to growth of the underlying preneed business.
twelve months 2017 net earned premiums, fees and other income increased $9.7 million to $181.0 million compared with twelve months 2016 primarily due to growth in preneed business and favorable foreign exchange.
in 2018, we expect global preneed net income and revenue to continue to increase modestly from our alignment with market leaders, before taking into account recently enacted tax reform. results to benefit from a lower effective tax rate of roughly 22%, with a portion of the tax savings to be reinvested for future growth.
critical factors affecting results our results depend on the appropriateness of our product pricing, underwriting and the accuracy of our methodology for the establishment of reserves for future policyholder benefits and claims, frequency and severity of reportable catastrophes and returns on and values of invested assets, as well as our ability to manage our expenses and achieve expense savings. our results will also depend on our ability to profitably grow our fee-based, capital-light businesses, including global connected living, multi-family housing, mortgage solutions, as well as vehicle protection services, and manage the pace of declines in placement rates in our lender-placed business. factors affecting these items, including conditions in financial markets, the global economy and the markets in which we operate, and fluctuations in the exchange rate, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. for more information on these factors, see "item 1a - risk factors."
management believes the company will have sufficient liquidity to satisfy its needs over the next twelve months including the ability to pay interest and principal payments on our senior notes, as well as dividends on our common stock.
for twelve months 2017, net cash provided by operating activities, including the effect of exchange rate changes and the reclassification of assets held for sale on cash and cash equivalents, totaled $532.7 million; net cash used in investing activities totaled $541.2 million and net cash used in financing activities totaled $26.7 million. we had $996.8 million in cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2017. please see "- liquidity and capital resources," below for further details.
revenues we generate revenues primarily from the sale of our insurance policies and service contracts and from income earned on our investments. sales of insurance policies are recognized in revenue as earned premiums while sales of administrative services are recognized as fee income.
under the universal life insurance guidance, income earned on preneed life insurance policies sold after january 1, 2009 are presented within fee income net of policyholder benefits. under the limited pay insurance guidance, the consideration received on preneed policies sold prior to january 1, 2009 is presented separately as net earned premiums, with policyholder benefits expense shown separately.
our premium and fee income is supplemented by income earned from our investment portfolio. we recognize revenue from interest payments, dividends and sales of investments. currently, our investment portfolio is primarily invested in fixed maturity securities. both investment income and realized capital gains on these investments can be significantly affected by changes in interest rates.
interest rate volatility can increase or reduce unrealized gains or losses in our investment portfolios. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. fluctuations in interest rates affect our returns on, and the market value of, fixed maturity and short-term investments.
the fair market value of the fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio and the investment income from these securities fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. the fair market value generally increases or decreases in an inverse relationship with fluctuations in interest rates, while net investment income realized by us from future investments in fixed maturity securities will generally increase or decrease with interest rates. we also have investments that are subject to pre-payment risk, such as mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. interest rate fluctuations may cause actual net investment income and/or cash flows from such investments to differ from estimates made at the time of investment. in periods of declining interest rates, mortgage prepayments generally increase and mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage obligations and bonds are more likely to be prepaid or redeemed as borrowers seek to borrow at lower interest rates. therefore, in these circumstances we may be required to reinvest those funds in lower-interest earning investments.
our revenues may also be impacted by our ability to continue to grow in the markets in which we operate, including the mobile device insurance market, the renters insurance market and the field services and valuation markets. for example, our business is subject to volatility in mobile device trade-in volumes based on the release of new devices and carrier promotional programs, as well as to changes in the mobile device market dynamics. our lender-placed insurance revenues will also be impacted by changes in the housing market.
expenses our expenses are primarily policyholder benefits, underwriting, general and administrative expenses and interest expense.
policyholder benefits are affected by our claims management programs, reinsurance coverage, contractual terms and conditions, regulatory requirements, economic conditions, and numerous other factors. benefits paid or reserves required for future benefits could substantially exceed our expectations, causing a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
underwriting, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of commissions, premium taxes, licenses, fees, amortization of deferred costs, general operating expenses and income taxes. in connection with our transformation, we are undertaking various expense savings initiatives while also making investments in information technology, among other things, which will impact our expenses.
we incur interest expense related to our debt.
critical accounting estimates certain items in our consolidated financial statements are based on estimates and judgment. differences between actual results and these estimates could in some cases have material impacts on our consolidated financial statements.
the following critical accounting policies require significant estimates. the actual amounts realized in these areas could ultimately be materially different from the amounts currently provided for in our consolidated financial statements.
reserves reserves are established using generally accepted actuarial methods and reflect judgments about expected future claim payments. calculations incorporate assumptions about the incidence of incurred claims, the extent to which all claims have been reported, reporting lags, expenses, inflation rates, future investment earnings, and other relevant factors. while the methods of making such estimates and establishing the related liabilities are periodically reviewed and updated, the estimation of reserves is subject to uncertainty given that management is using historical information and methods to help project future events and reserve outcomes.
the recorded reserves represent management's best estimate at a point in time of the ultimate costs of settlement and administration of a claim or group of claims, based upon actuarial assumptions and projections using facts and circumstances known at the time of calculation.
many of the factors affecting reserve uncertainty are not directly quantifiable and not all future events can be anticipated when reserves are established. reserve estimates are refined as experience develops. adjustments to reserves, both positive and negative, are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations in the period in which such estimates are determined.
because establishment of reserves is an inherently complex process involving significant judgment and estimates, there can be no certainty that future settlement amounts for claims incurred through the financial reporting date will not vary from reported claim reserves. future loss development could require reserves to be increased or decreased, which could have a material adverse or positive effect on our earnings in the periods in which such increases or decreases are made. see "item 1a - risk factors - risks related to the company - our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could materially affect our results of operations, profitability and capital" for more detail on this risk.
the following table provides reserve information for our reporting segment lines for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
december 31, 2017                                                                                                                            december 31, 2016
claims and benefitspayable                                                                                                                   claims and benefitspayable futurepolicybenefits andexpenses                unearnedpremiums             casereserves              incurredbut notreportedreserves       futurepolicybenefits andexpenses                unearnedpremiums             casereserves              incurredbut notreportedreserves long duration contracts:
global preneed                   $5,779.2                                           $35.7                     $18.9                                   $8.9                    $5,401.4                                          $111.9                     $16.6                                   $7.8
disposed and runoff businesses   4,493.3                                             34.9                   1,259.3                                  122.1                    4,573.8                                             37.9                   1,161.8                                  143.8
all other                        124.9                                                0.2                       1.3                                    1.3                137.7                                                    0.2                       1.0                                    1.5
short duration contracts:
global lifestyle                 -                                                5,518.7                      73.3                                  204.4                    -                                                5,041.6                      78.2                                  181.4
global housing                   -                                                1,434.9                     669.4                                  589.3                    -                                                1,424.2                     220.2                                  357.4
disposed and runoff businesses   -                                                   14.2                     766.6                                   67.4                    -                                                   10.7                     991.5                                  140.1
total                            $10,397.4                                       $7,038.6                  $2,788.8                                 $993.4                    $10,112.9                                       $6,626.5                  $2,469.3                                 $832.0
for additional information regarding our reserves, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
short duration contracts claims and benefits payable reserves for short duration contracts include (1) case reserves for known claims which are unpaid as of the balance sheet date; (2) ibnr reserves for claims where the insured event has occurred but has not been reported to us as of the balance sheet date; and (3) loss adjustment expense reserves for the expected handling costs of settling the claims. periodically, we review emerging experience and make adjustments to our reserves and assumptions where necessary. below are further discussions on the reserving process for our major short duration products.
global housing and global lifestyle ultimate loss and loss adjustment expenses are estimated utilizing generally accepted actuarial loss reserving methods. both paid claims development as well as case incurred development are typically analyzed at the product or product grouping level, considering product size and data credibility. the reserving methods widely employed within the company include the chain ladder, munich chain ladder and bornhuetter-ferguson. for global housing, reportable catastrophes are analyzed and reserved for separately using a frequency and severity approach.
the methods all involve aggregating paid and case-incurred loss data by accident quarter (or accident year) and accident age for each product grouping. as the data ages, development factors are calculated that measure emerging claim development patterns between reporting periods. by selecting loss development factors indicative of remaining development, known losses are projected to an ultimate incurred basis for each accident period. the underlying premise of the chain ladder method is that future claims development is best estimated using past claims development, whereas the bornhuetter-ferguson method employs a combination of past claims development and prior estimates of ultimate losses based on an expected loss ratio. the munich chain ladder method incorporates the correlations between paid and incurred development in projecting future development factors, and is typically more applicable to products experiencing variability in incurred to paid ratios.
each of these methods applied to the data groupings produces an estimate of the loss reserves for the product grouping. the best estimate is generally selected from a blend of the different methods. the ibnr associated with the best estimate is then allocated to accident year based on a weighting of the underlying actuarial methods. the determination of the best estimate is based on many factors, including but not limited to:
•   the nature and extent of the underlying assumptions;
•   the quality and applicability of historical data - whether internal or industry data;
•   current and expected future economic and market conditions;
•   regulatory, legislative, and judicial considerations;
•   the extent of data segmentation - data should be homogeneous yet credible enough for loss development methods to apply;
•   trends in loss frequencies and severities for various causes of loss;
•   consideration of the distribution of loss reserves, management's selection of the best estimate that may exceed an estimate based on median values, suggesting that favorable development may be more likely than unfavorable development; and
•   hindsight testing of prior loss estimates - the loss estimates on some product lines will vary from actual loss experience more than others.
when employing the reserving methods, consideration is given to contractual requirements, historical utilization trends and payment patterns, coverage changes, seasonality, product mix, legislative and regulatory environment, economic factors, natural catastrophes, and other relevant factors. the company consistently applies reserving principles and methodologies from year to year, while also giving due consideration to the potential variability of these factors.
while management has used judgment in establishing its best estimate of required reserves, different assumptions and variables could lead to significantly different reserve estimates. two key measures of loss activity are loss frequency, which is a measure of the number of claims per unit of insured exposure, and loss severity, which is a measure of the average size of claims. factors affecting loss frequency include the effectiveness of loss controls, changes in economic activity and weather patterns. factors affecting loss severity include changes in policy limits, retentions, rate of inflation and judicial interpretations.
if the actual level of loss frequency and severity are higher or lower than expected, the ultimate reserves required will be different than management's estimate. the effect of higher and lower levels of loss frequency and severity levels on our ultimate costs for claims occurring in 2017 would be as follows:
change in both loss frequency and severityfor all global housing and global lifestyle        ultimate cost of claimsoccurring in 2017   change in cost of claimsoccurring in 2017
3% higher                        $1,630.0                   $94.0
2% higher                        $1,598.0                   $62.0
1% higher                        $1,567.0                   $31.0
base scenario (1)                        $1,536.0                   $-
1% lower                        $1,506.0                   $(30.0                          )
2% lower                        $1,474.0                   $(62.0                          )
3% lower                        $1,443.0                   $(93.0                          )
(1)   represents the sum of the case reserves and incurred but not reported reserves as of december 31, 2017 for global housing and global lifestyle.
disposed and runoff short duration lines the company has exposure to asbestos, environmental and other general liability claims arising from our participation in various reinsurance pools from 1971 through 1985. this exposure arose from a contract that we discontinued writing many years ago. we carry case reserves, as recommended by the various pool managers, and ibnr reserves totaling $28.7 million (before reinsurance) and $24.2 million (net of reinsurance) at december 31, 2017. estimation of these liabilities is subject to greater than normal variation and uncertainty due to the general lack of sufficiently detailed data, reporting delays and absence of a generally accepted actuarial methodology for those exposures. there are significant unresolved industry legal issues, including such items as whether coverage exists and what constitutes a claim. in addition, the determination of ultimate damages and the final allocation of losses to financially responsible parties are highly uncertain. based on information currently available, and after consideration of the reserves reflected in the consolidated financial statements, we do not believe or expect that changes in reserve estimates for these claims are likely to be material.
reserves for the previously written assurant health business are established using generally accepted actuarial methods. factors used in the reserve calculation include experience derived from historical claim payments and actuarial assumptions, such as trends, the incidence of incurred claims, the extent to which all claims have been reported, and internal claims processing changes.
long duration contracts reserves for future policy benefits represent the present value of future benefits to policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums. reserve assumptions reflect best estimates for expected investment yield, inflation, mortality, morbidity, expenses and withdrawal rates. these assumptions are based on our experience to the extent it is credible, modified where appropriate to reflect current trends, industry experience and provisions for possible unfavorable deviation. we also record an unearned revenue reserve which represents premiums received which have not yet been recognized in our consolidated statements of operations.
historically, premium deficiency testing on continuing lines of business has not resulted in material adjustments to deferred acquisition costs or reserves. such adjustments could occur, however, if economic or mortality conditions significantly deteriorated.
global preneed global preneed includes pre-funded funeral life insurance and annuity contracts and legacy traditional life insurance (no longer offered). the reserve assumptions for future policy benefits and expenses are determined based upon pricing, which approximates actual experience.
for preneed life insurance issued after 2008 with discretionary death benefit growth, reserve assumptions are made without provision for adverse deviation. interest and discount rates are based upon investment returns of the assets acquired to support the business. expected mortality rates, lapse rates, and future death benefit increases are based upon pricing assumptions.
for preneed life insurance issued after 2008 with either no death benefit growth or death benefit growth linked to an inflation index, reserve assumptions are made with provision for adverse deviation. interest and discount rates are based upon investment returns of the assets acquired to support the business. expected mortality rates and lapse rates are based upon pricing assumptions. for contracts with minimum benefit increases associated with an inflation index, the reserves assume expected benefit increases equal to a selected discount rate less a spread.
for preneed life insurance issued prior to 2009, reserve assumptions are made with provision for adverse deviation. interest and discount rates are based upon investment returns of the assets acquired to support the business. expected mortality rates, lapse rates, and future death benefit increases are based upon pricing assumptions.
annuity contracts have reserve assumptions made without provision for adverse deviation. assumed discount rates and interest rates credited on deferred annuities vary by year of issue. withdrawal charge assumptions are based upon contract provisions. nearly all of the deferred annuity contracts have a minimum guaranteed interest rate.
for life insurance and annuity contracts acquired in 2000 and prior, interest and discount rates as well as mortality assumptions are based on statutory valuation requirements, which approximate the gaap valuation requirements, with no explicit provision for lapses.
disposed and runoff long duration lines risks related to the reserves recorded for certain discontinued individual life, annuity, and long-term care insurance policies have been fully ceded via reinsurance. while the company has not been released from the contractual obligation to the policyholders, changes in and deviations from economic, mortality, morbidity, and withdrawal assumptions used in the calculation of these reserves will not directly affect our results of operations unless there is a default by the assuming reinsurer.
deferred acquisition costs ("dac")
only direct incremental costs associated with the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts are deferred to the extent that such costs are deemed recoverable from future premiums or gross profits. acquisition costs primarily consist of commissions and premium taxes. certain direct response advertising expenses are deferred when the primary purpose of the advertising is to elicit sales to customers who can be shown to have specifically responded to the advertising and the direct response advertising results in probable future benefits.
premium deficiency testing is performed annually and generally reviewed quarterly. such testing involves the use of best estimate assumptions including the anticipation of investment income to determine if anticipated future policy premiums are adequate to recover all dac and related claims, benefits and expenses. to the extent a premium deficiency exists, it is recognized immediately by a charge to the consolidated statement of operations and a corresponding reduction in dac. if the premium deficiency is greater than unamortized dac, a liability is accrued for the excess deficiency.
long duration contracts acquisition costs for pre-funded funeral ("preneed") life insurance policies issued prior to 2009 and certain life insurance policies no longer offered are deferred and amortized in proportion to anticipated premiums over the premium-paying period. these acquisition costs consist primarily of first year commissions paid to agents.
for preneed investment-type annuities, preneed life insurance policies with discretionary death benefit growth issued after january 1, 2009, universal life insurance policies and investment-type annuities no longer offered, dac is amortized in proportion to the present value of estimated gross profits from investment, mortality, expense margins and surrender charges over the estimated life of the policy or contract. estimated gross profits include the impact of unrealized gains or losses on investments as if these gains or losses had been realized, with corresponding credits or charges included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"). the assumptions used for the estimates are consistent with those used in computing the policy or contract liabilities.
short duration contracts acquisition costs relating to extended service contracts, vehicle service contracts, mobile device protection, credit insurance, lender-placed homeowners and flood, multi-family housing and manufactured housing are amortized over the term of the contracts in relation to premiums earned. these acquisition costs consist primarily of advance commissions paid to agents.
acquisition costs relating to disposed lines of business (group term life, group disability, group dental and group vision) consist primarily of compensation to sales representatives. these acquisition costs are front-end loaded and are deferred and amortized over the estimated terms of the underlying contracts.
investments we regularly monitor our investment portfolio to ensure investments that may be other-than-temporarily impaired are timely identified, properly valued, and charged against earnings in the proper period. the determination that a security has incurred an other-than-temporary decline in value requires the judgment of management. assessment factors include, but are not limited to, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost, the financial condition and rating of the issuer, whether any collateral is held, the intent and ability of the company to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery for equity securities and the intent to sell or whether it is more likely than not that the company will be required to sell for fixed maturity securities. inherently, there are risks and uncertainties involved in making these judgments. changes in circumstances and critical assumptions such as a continued weak economy, a more pronounced economic downturn or unforeseen events which affect one or more companies, industry sectors, or countries could result in additional impairments in future periods for other-than-temporary declines in value.
any equity security whose price decline is deemed other-than-temporary is written down to its then current market value with the amount of the impairment reported as a realized loss in that period. the impairment of a fixed maturity security that the company has the intent to sell or that it is more likely than not that the company will be required to sell is deemed other-than-temporary and is written down to its market value at the balance sheet date with the amount of the impairment reported as a realized loss in that period. for all other-than-temporarily impaired fixed maturity securities that do not meet either of these two criteria, the company is required to analyze its ability to recover the amortized cost of the security by calculating the net present value of projected future cash flows. for these other-than-temporarily impaired fixed maturity securities, the net amount recognized in earnings is equal to the difference between the amortized cost of the security and its net present value.
see also notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report and "item 1a - risk factors - risks related to the company - the value of our investments could decline, affecting our profitability and financial strength" and "investments" contained later in this item.
reinsurance reinsurance recoverables include amounts we are owed by reinsurers. reinsurance costs are expensed over the terms of the underlying reinsured policies using assumptions consistent with those used to account for the policies. amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with claim and claim adjustment expense reserves or future policy benefits reserves. an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due from reinsurers (net of collateral), reinsurer solvency, management's experience and current economic conditions. the ceding of insurance does not discharge our primary liability to our insureds.
the following table sets forth our reinsurance recoverables as of the dates indicated:
december 31, 2017       december 31, 2016
reinsurance recoverables   $9,790.2                $9,083.2
we have used reinsurance to exit certain businesses, including assurant employee benefits business and blocks of individual life, annuity, and long-term care business. the reinsurance recoverables relating to these dispositions amounted to $6.09 billion and $6.30 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in both the assumption and cession of reinsurance with non-affiliated companies. the following table provides details of the reinsurance recoverables balance for the years ended december 31:
2017                                                                              2016
ceded future policyholder benefits and expense      $4,440.9              $4,523.3
ceded unearned premium                               2,014.5               1,836.6
ceded claims and benefits payable                    3,183.0               2,643.2
ceded paid losses                                      151.8                  80.1
total                                               $9,790.2              $9,083.2
we utilize reinsurance for loss protection and capital management, business dispositions and, in global lifestyle and global housing, client risk and profit sharing. see also "item 1a - risk factors - reinsurance may not be available or adequate to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers," and "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - credit risk."
retirement and other employee benefits we sponsor a qualified pension plan, (the "assurant pension plan") and various non-qualified pension plans (including an executive pension plan), along with a retirement health benefits plan covering our employees who meet specified eligibility requirements. effective march 1, 2016, benefit accruals for the assurant pension plan, the various non-qualified pension plans and the retirement health benefits plan were frozen. the reported amounts associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions which include, but are not limited to, the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. we determine these assumptions based upon currently available market and industry data, and historical performance of the plan and its assets. the actuarial assumptions used in the calculation of our aggregate projected benefit obligation vary and include an expectation of long-term appreciation in equity markets which is not changed by minor short-term market fluctuations, but does change when large interim deviations occur. the assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions and higher or lower withdrawal rates.
contingencies a loss contingency is accrued if reasonably estimable and probable. we establish reserves for these contingencies at the best estimate, or, if no one estimated amount within the range of possible losses is more probable than any other, we report an estimated reserve at the low end of the estimated range. contingencies affecting the company primarily relate to litigation matters which are inherently difficult to evaluate and are subject to significant changes.
deferred taxes deferred income taxes are recorded for temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the company expects the temporary differences to reverse. changes in tax rates are required to be accounted for as of the enactment date and all impacts are required to be reflected in the income statement regardless of whether the underlying deferred taxes originated in another component of the financial statements (such as unrealized gains or losses associated with investments that originated in other comprehensive income). a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the asset will not be realized. the valuation allowance is sufficient to reduce the asset to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. the company has deferred tax assets resulting from temporary differences that may reduce taxable income in future periods. the detailed components of our deferred tax assets, liabilities and valuation allowance are included in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
as of december 31, 2016, the company had a cumulative valuation allowance of $12.5 million against deferred tax assets of international subsidiaries. during twelve months 2017, the company recognized a cumulative income tax benefit of $3.3 million primarily related to the release of valuation allowances against foreign nols and other deferred tax assets. as of december 31, 2017, the company has a cumulative valuation allowance of $9.2 million against deferred tax assets, as it is management's assessment that it is more likely than not that this amount of deferred tax assets will not be realized. the realization of deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards of international subsidiaries depends upon the existence of sufficient future taxable income of the same character in the same jurisdiction.
in determining whether the deferred tax asset is realizable, the company weighed all available evidence, both positive and negative. we considered all sources of taxable income available to realize the asset, including the future reversal of existing temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences, carry forwards and tax-planning strategies.
the company believes it is more likely than not that the remainder of its deferred tax assets will be realized. accordingly, other than as noted herein for certain international subsidiaries, a valuation allowance has not been established.
future reversal of the valuation allowance will be recognized either when the benefit is realized or when we determine that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be realized. depending on the nature of the taxable income that results in a reversal of the valuation allowance, and on management's judgment, the reversal will be recognized either through other comprehensive income (loss) or through continuing operations in the consolidated statements of operations. likewise, if the company determines that it is not more likely than not that it would be able to realize all or part of the deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be recorded through a charge to continuing operations in the consolidated statements of operations in the period such determination is made.
in determining the appropriate valuation allowance, management makes judgments about recoverability of deferred tax assets, use of tax loss and tax credit carryforwards, levels of expected future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. the assumptions used in making these judgments are updated periodically by management based on current business conditions that affect the company and overall economic conditions. these management judgments are therefore subject to change based on factors that include, but are not limited to, changes in expected capital gain income in the foreseeable future and the ability of the company to successfully execute its tax planning strategies. please see "item 1a-risk factors- risks related to he company- the value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations an financial condition" for more information.
valuation and recoverability of goodwill our goodwill related to previous acquisitions of businesses was $917.7 million and $830.9 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we review our goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. such indicators include, but are not limited to: significant adverse change in legal factors, adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel or a significant decline in our expected future cash flows due to changes in company-specific factors or the broader business climate. the evaluation of such factors requires considerable judgment. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we perform goodwill testing at the reporting level (which is the same level as our operating segments). the following table illustrates the amount of goodwill carried at each reporting unit:
december 31,
2017                                            2016
global housing        $386.7              $320.9
global lifestyle       392.8               372.3
global preneed         138.2               137.7
total                 $917.7              $830.9
in fourth quarter 2017, the company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for its global housing, global lifestyle and global preneed reporting units. based on this assessment, the company determined that it was more likely than not that the reporting units' fair values were more than their carrying amounts, therefore further goodwill impairment testing was not necessary.
recent accounting pronouncements please see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations assurant consolidated overview the table below presents information regarding our consolidated results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                     2016                    2015
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                     $4,404.1                $5,007.3                $8,351.0
fees and other income                                                    1,383.1                 1,422.5                 1,303.5
net investment income                                                      493.8                   515.7                   626.2
net realized gains on investments                                           30.1                   162.2                    31.8
amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of businesses         103.9                   394.5                    13.0
gain on pension plan curtailment                                               -                    29.6                       -
total revenues                                                           6,415.0                 7,531.8                10,325.5
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                    1,870.6                 1,808.5                 4,742.5
selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses               4,050.4                 4,794.1                 5,326.7
interest expense                                                            49.5                    57.6                    55.1
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                 -                    23.0                       -
total benefits, losses and expenses                                      5,970.5                 6,683.2                10,124.3
income before (benefit) provision for income taxes                         444.5                   848.6                   201.2
(benefit) provision for income taxes                                       (75.1    )              283.2                    59.6
net income                                                                $519.6                  $565.4                  $141.6
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income decreased $45.8 million, or 8%, to $519.6 million for twelve months 2017 from $565.4 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily related to $266.5 million of lower after-tax net gains, including a reduction in amortization of deferred gains and net realized gains on investments associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits. twelve months 2017 also included a $90.1 million after-tax increase in reportable catastrophes primarily in global housing, as previously mentioned. these items were partially offset by a one-time $177.0 million tax benefit from the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities following the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, a $51.6 million after-tax improvement in the results of our health run-off operations, and a $27.1 million tax benefit from the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions.
additionally, the decrease was offset by a $25.6 million increase from global lifestyle, excluding reportable catastrophes, that was driven by higher contributions from the global connected living and vehicle protection businesses, lower lender placed insurance regulatory expenses and the absence of debt extinguishment expenses incurred in 2016.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015
net income increased $423.8 million, or 299%, to $565.4 million for twelve months 2016 from $141.6 million for twelve months 2015. the increase was primarily related to lower losses and exit-related charges from the wind-down of the assurant health runoff operations, a $248.0 million after-tax increase in amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of businesses and an additional $84.6 million after-tax of net realized gains on investments. the increase in amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of businesses and net realized gains on investments both primarily relate to the 2016 sale of the assurant employee benefits segment. these items were partially offset by higher reportable catastrophes and the ongoing declines of lender-placed insurance in our global housing segment.
global housing overview the table below presents information regarding the global housing segment's results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                    2016                    2015
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                    $1,761.4                $1,829.1                $2,044.7
fees and other income                                                     413.6                   459.7                   405.5
net investment income                                                      75.6                    72.7                    92.8
total revenues                                                          2,250.6                 2,361.5                 2,543.0
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                     958.4                   828.6                   788.5
selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses              1,147.9                 1,251.9                 1,290.9
total benefits, losses and expenses                                     2,106.3                 2,080.5                 2,079.4
segment income before provision for income taxes                          144.3                   281.0                   463.6
provision for income taxes                                                 46.9                    92.4                   155.9
segment net income                                                        $97.4                  $188.6                  $307.7
net earned premiums, fees and other:
lender-placed insurance                                                $1,224.9                $1,317.2                $1,561.4
multi-family housing                                                      366.3                   320.9                   282.7
mortgage solutions                                                        257.7                   329.3                   289.5
manufactured housing and other                                            326.1                   321.4                   316.6
total                                                                  $2,175.0                $2,288.8                $2,450.2
ratios:
combined ratio for risk-based businesses (1)                               99.1    %               91.1    %               83.4    %
pre-tax income margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses (2)          10.1    %               10.8    %               11.6    %
(1)   the combined ratio for risk-based businesses is equal to total benefits, losses and expenses, divided by net earned premiums and fees and other income for lender-placed insurance including manufactured housing and other insurance businesses.
(2)   the pre-tax margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses equals income before provision for income taxes divided by net earned premiums and fees and other income for multi-family housing and mortgage solutions businesses.
regulatory matters please see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for a description of settlement agreements relating to targeted market conduct examinations regarding the company's lender-placed insurance products.
lender-placed insurance products accounted for 56% and 58% of net earned premiums, fees and other income for twelve months 2017 and twelve months 2016, respectively. the approximate corresponding contributions to the segment net income in these periods were 45% and 56%, respectively. the portion of total segment net income attributable to lender-placed products may vary substantially over time depending on the frequency, severity and location of catastrophic losses, the cost of catastrophe reinsurance and reinstatement coverage, the variability of claim processing costs and client acquisition costs, and other factors. in addition, we expect placement rates for these products to decline in 2018 as the u.s. housing markets continue to improve.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income decreased $91.2 million, or 48%, to $97.4 million for twelve months 2017 from $188.6 million for twelve months 2016, primarily due to an $88.1 million after-tax increase in reportable catastrophes, net of reinsurance and including reinstatement and other premiums. absent the impact of these items, the decrease in net income was due to higher non-catastrophe loss experience and a reduction from our lender placed insurance business due to the ongoing normalization of placement rates. these decreases were partially offset by a reduction of lender placed regulatory expenses, fees and reimbursements from the nfip for processing flood claims following hurricane harvey, and profitable growth from our multifamily housing business.
total revenues total revenues decreased $110.9 million, or 5%, to $2.25 billion for twelve months 2017 from $2.36 billion for twelve months 2016. net earned premiums decreased $67.7 million, or 4%, mainly due to a decline in placement rates in our lender-placed insurance business and $22.4 million of reinstatement and other premiums from the increase in reportable catastrophes, partially offset by growth in multi-family housing. fees and other income decreased $46.1 million, or 10%, mainly due to a decrease in mortgage solutions fee income driven by lower demand for originations and field services and reduced client volumes.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased to $2.11 billion for twelve months 2017 from $2.08 billion for twelve months 2016. total policyholder benefits increased $129.8 million, or 16%, mainly due to a $118.3 million increase in net losses, excluding reinstatement and other premiums, from reportable catastrophes. reportable catastrophe losses include only individual catastrophic events that generated losses to the company in excess of $5.0 million, pre-tax and net of reinsurance. there was also an increase in non-catastrophe losses primarily due to the impact of lower premium rates and higher weather losses. selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses decreased $104.0 million, or 8%, mainly driven by the reduction in our mortgage solutions business, lower lender placed regulatory expenses and an increased focus on expense management. also contributing to this decrease were fees and reimbursements from the nfip for processing flood claims for hurricane harvey.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015
net income segment net income decreased $119.1 million, or 39%, to $188.6 million for twelve months 2016 from $307.7 million for twelve months 2015. the decrease was primarily due to an $83.1 million after-tax increase in reportable catastrophes and the ongoing declines of our lender-placed homeowners insurance business, primarily related to reduced placement rates given stability in the u.s. economy, including a decline in real-estate owned business and the previously disclosed loss of client business. this decline was partially offset by savings realized from expense initiatives.
total revenues total revenues decreased $181.5 million, or 7%, to $2.36 billion for twelve months 2016 from $2.54 billion for twelve months 2015. net earned premiums decreased $215.6 million, or 11%, primarily due to declines in lender-placed homeowners insurance net earned premiums due to the expected reduction in placement rates, lower premium rates and the previously disclosed loss of client business. the decrease was partially offset by an increase from the multi-family housing business due to higher volume of renters policies sold through our affinity channels and increased penetration rates across our property management network. fees and other income increased $54.2 million, or 13%, mainly due to an increase from the mortgage solutions business, including the impact of the july 1, 2016 acquisition of american title, inc.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses remained flat at $2.08 billion for twelve months 2016 and twelve months 2015. total policyholder benefits increased $40.1 million, or 5%, primarily due to $157.4 million of reportable catastrophe losses for twelve months 2016 compared to $29.6 million for twelve months 2015, partially offset by favorable non-catastrophe losses due to lower frequency in theft and vandalism claims. selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses decreased $39.0 million, or 3%, mainly due to savings from expense initiatives, partially offset by expenses to support growth in mortgage solutions businesses.
global lifestyle overview the table below presents information regarding the global lifestyle segment's results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                 2016                  2015
revenues:
net earned premiums                                                    $2,576.5              $2,901.4              $2,955.4
fees and other income                                                     819.7                 804.7                 678.6
net investment income                                                     114.6                 113.1                 126.9
total revenues                                                          3,510.8               3,819.2               3,760.9
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                     700.4                 663.8                 679.8
selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses              2,564.1               2,947.7               2,869.8
total benefits, losses and expenses                                     3,264.5               3,611.5               3,549.6
segment income before provision for income taxes                          246.3                 207.7                 211.3
provision for income taxes                                                 68.3                  53.3                  58.3
segment net income                                                       $178.0                $154.4                $153.0
net earned premiums, fees and other:
global connected living (mobile and service contracts)                 $2,156.0              $2,570.1              $2,551.0
global vehicle protection services                                        782.8                 715.8                 608.4
global credit and other                                                   457.4                 420.2                 474.6
total                                                                  $3,396.2              $3,706.1              $3,634.0
net earned premiums, fees and other:
domestic                                                               $2,159.8              $2,561.6              $2,409.3
international                                                           1,236.4               1,144.5               1,224.7
total                                                                  $3,396.2              $3,706.1              $3,634.0
ratios:
combined ratio for risk-based businesses (1)                               96.2   %              95.9   %              95.5   %
pre-tax income margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses (2)           5.7   %               3.5   %               3.6   %
(1)   the combined ratio for risk-based businesses is equal to total benefits, losses and expenses divided by net earned premiums and fees and other income for global vehicle protection services, global credit and other insurance businesses.
(2)   the pre-tax income margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses equals income before provision for income taxes divided by net earned premiums and fees and other income for global connected living.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income increased $23.6 million, or 15%, to $178.0 million for twelve months 2017 from $154.4 million for twelve months 2016. the increase was primarily driven by our global connected living business due to higher contributions from extended service contracts from original equipment manufacturer clients and other distribution channels as well as growth in our mobile business, partially offset by lower volume from our domestic repair and logistics business. the increase was also driven by growth in our domestic vehicle protection business. results for twelve months 2017 included $12.5 million in after-tax benefits for client recoverables, for both service contracts and mobile over the course of the year, and $9.6 million of nonrecurring tax benefits. results for twelve months 2016 included $18.0 million in tax benefits related to a redemption of shares in our international markets.
total revenues total revenues decreased $308.4 million, or 8%, to $3.51 billion for twelve months 2017 from $3.82 billion for twelve months 2016. net earned premiums decreased $324.9 million, or 11%, due to a change in program structure in the fourth quarter of 2016 impacting the accounting for revenues from our global connected living business for a previously disclosed large service contract client on a net instead of gross basis. this change has no impact to our earnings. excluding the program structure change, twelve months 2017 net earned premiums increased 7% primarily due to growth from our global connected living business mainly driven by global mobile, as well as growth from international credit and domestic vehicle protection businesses. fees and other income increased $15.0 million, or 2%, primarily driven by growth in our global connected living business, specifically in our global mobile programs and inclusive of the aforementioned client recoverable, partially offset by lower volume from domestic mobile repair and logistics businesses.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses decreased $347.0 million, or 10%, to $3.26 billion for twelve months 2017 from $3.61 billion for twelve months 2016. the decreases were impacted by the aforementioned change in program structure in the fourth quarter of 2016. excluding this program structure change, policyholder benefits increased 11%, primarily driven by growth in our global mobile protection programs, mostly in europe, in our connected living business and in our international credit insurance business. excluding the program structure change, selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses increased 3%, primarily due to growth in our global connected living business, specifically from our international mobile programs, partially offset by lower volumes in our domestic repairs and logistics business. additionally, the increase was driven by growth in our international credit insurance and domestic vehicle protection businesses.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015
net income segment net income increased $1.4 million, or 1%, to $154.4 million for twelve months 2016 from $153.0 million for twelve months 2015. the increase was primarily due to improved mobile performance globally and $5.1 million of increased net tax benefits related to a redemption of shares in our international structure. these items were mostly offset by the loss of a domestic tablet program, declines in legacy extended service contracts from north american retail clients and the continued runoff of our credit insurance business.
total revenues total revenues increased $58.3 million, or 2%, to $3.82 billion for twelve months 2016 from $3.76 billion for twelve months 2015. net earned premiums decreased $54.0 million, or 2%, primarily due to a large north american retail client, foreign exchange volatility, the loss of a domestic mobile tablet program and the continued runoff of our credit insurance business. fees and other income increased $126.1 million, or 19%, primarily driven by contributions from global mobile programs and subscribers.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased $61.9 million, or 2%, to $3.61 billion for twelve months 2016 from $3.55 billion for twelve months 2015. policyholder benefits decreased $16.0 million, or 2%, primarily driven by improved loss experience in our domestic service contract business and results from a north american connected living retail client. this decrease was partially offset by higher loss experience in our global mobile protection programs due in part to expansion of our international mobile business in asia and europe. selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses increased $77.9 million, or 3%, primarily due to foreign exchange volatility, lower contributions from legacy extended service contracts from north american retailers, the continued runoff of our credit business and the loss of a domestic mobile tablet program. these items were partially offset by increased expenses from growth from our domestic vehicle protection and connected living businesses.
global preneed overview the table below presents information regarding the global preneed segment's results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                  2016              2015
revenues:
net earned premiums                                            $59.5             $61.7             $60.4
fees and other income                                          121.5             109.6             107.1
net investment income                                          262.0             259.8             249.8
total revenues                                                 443.0             431.1             417.3
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                          259.1             250.4             239.7
selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses     124.9             116.9             112.5
total benefits, losses and expenses                            384.0             367.3             352.2
segment income before provision for income taxes                59.0              63.8              65.1
provision for income taxes                                      19.4              21.5              20.9
segment net income                                             $39.6             $42.3             $44.2
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income decreased $2.7 million, or 6%, to $39.6 million for twelve months 2017 from $42.3 million for twelve months 2016. this decrease was primarily due to a $5.0 million after-tax impairment of software in 2017, partially offset by an increase in net investment income and fee income due to growth of the underlying preneed business.
total revenues total revenues increased $11.9 million, or 3%, to $443.0 million for twelve months 2017 from $431.1 million for twelve months 2016. this increase was primarily due to growth in preneed business, favorable foreign exchange and higher investment income.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased $16.7 million, or 5%, to $384.0 million for twelve months 2017 from $367.3 million for twelve months 2016. this increase was primarily due to an increase in policyholder benefits due to growth in the preneed business. additionally, the increase includes a $7.7 million impairment of software that was written off in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015
net income segment net income decreased $1.9 million, or 4%, to $42.3 million for twelve months 2016 from $44.2 million for twelve months 2015. this decrease was primarily due to an adjustment related to the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and policyholder benefits for an older block of policies, partially offset by higher investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships.
total revenues total revenues increased $13.8 million, or 3%, to $431.1 million for twelve months 2016 from $417.3 million for twelve months 2015. this increase was primarily due to increased net investment income as a result of higher invested assets and investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships. also contributing to the increase was premium from policies written in prior years.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased by $15.1 million, or 4%, to $367.3 million for twelve months 2016 from $352.2 million for twelve months 2015. this increase was primarily due to an adjustment related to the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and policyholder benefits for an older block of policies and higher expenses related to certain technology.
assurant employee benefits overview the table below presents information regarding the assurant employee benefits segment's results of operations, through the sale date of march 1, 2016:
for the years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                   2015
revenues:
net earned premiums                                               $178.0                    $1,066.8
fees and other income                                                4.2                        25.0
net investment income                                               17.3                       111.0
total revenues                                                     199.5                     1,202.8
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                              118.4                       730.2
selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses          67.3                       398.8
total benefits, losses and expenses                                185.7                     1,129.0
segment income before provision for income taxes                    13.8                        73.8
provision for income taxes                                           5.3                        26.5
segment net income                                                  $8.5                       $47.3
on march 1, 2016, the company sold its assurant employee benefits segment to sun life assurance company of canada, the wholly owned subsidiary of sun life financial, inc. for more information on the sale see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report.
the amounts included in twelve months 2016 primarily represent january and february 2016 results of operations, the period prior to the sale. all amounts related to the net gain on the sale are included in the total corporate and other segment, discussed later. since this business has been sold and is no longer part of our ongoing operations, a discussion of results for the periods presented has been excluded.
total corporate and other the table below presents information regarding the total corporate and other segment's results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2016                                                                                 2015
corporate             health             total corporate &amp; other             corporate               health             total corporate &amp; other             corporate                 health             total corporate &amp; other
&amp; other                                                                      &amp; other                                                                        &amp; other revenues:
net earned premiums                                                        $-                $6.7                             $6.7                          $-                 $37.1                            $37.1                          $-                $2,223.7                         $2,223.7
fees and other income                                                    24.8                 3.5                             28.3                        24.5                  19.8                             44.3                        32.7                    54.6                             87.3
net investment income                                                    35.1                 6.5                             41.6                        44.0                   8.8                             52.8                        21.2                    24.5                             45.7
net realized gains on investments (1)                                    30.1                   -                             30.1                       162.2                     -                            162.2                        31.8                       -                             31.8
amortization of deferred gains on disposal of businesses                103.9                   -                            103.9                       394.5                     -                            394.5                        13.0                       -                             13.0
gain on pension plan curtailment                                            -                   -                                -                        29.6                     -                             29.6                           -                       -                                -
total revenues                                                          193.9                16.7                            210.6                       654.8                  65.7                            720.5                        98.7                 2,302.8                          2,401.5
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits                                                       -               (47.3    )                       (47.3           )               -                 (52.7    )                       (52.7           )             3.1                 2,301.2                          2,304.3
selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses (2)          165.5                48.0                            213.5                       244.6                 165.7                            410.3                       127.3                   527.4                            654.7
interest expense                                                         49.5                   -                             49.5                        57.6                     -                             57.6                        55.1                       -                             55.1
loss on extinguishment of debt                                              -                   -                                -                        23.0                     -                             23.0                           -                       -                                -
total benefits, losses and expenses                                     215.0                 0.7                            215.7                       325.2                 113.0                            438.2                       185.5                 2,828.6                          3,014.1
segment (loss) income before (benefit) provision for income taxes       (21.1     )          16.0                             (5.1           )           329.6                 (47.3    )                       282.3                       (86.8     )            (525.8    )                      (612.6           )
(benefit) provision for income taxes                                   (215.1     )           5.4                           (209.7           )           117.0                  (6.3    )                       110.7                       (44.1     )            (157.9    )                      (202.0           )
segment net income (loss)                                              $194.0               $10.6                           $204.6                      $212.6                $(41.0    )                      $171.6                      $(42.7     )           $(367.9    )                     $(410.6           )
(1)   net realized gains on investments for corporate &amp; other in 2016 includes $146.7 million of gains included in overall net gain from the sale of assurant employee benefits.
(2)   selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses for corporate &amp; other in 2016 includes $26.6 million of loss on the retroactive component that was included within the net gain from the sale of assurant employee benefits.
corporate & other year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income (loss)
corporate & other net income decreased $18.6 million or 9%, to $194.0 million for twelve months 2017 compared with $212.6 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily related to $266.5 million of lower after-tax net gains associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits, including a reduction in amortization of deferred gains and lower net realized gains on investments associated with the transaction. this decrease was partially offset by a one-time $177.0 million tax benefit from the reduction of net deferred tax liabilities following the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, a $27.1 million tax benefit from the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions, and $15.0 million after-tax loss on extinguishment of debt recorded in 2016. additionally, the decrease was offset by the absence of a $10.8 million after-tax intangible asset impairment charge recorded in 2016. the $177.0 million benefit was related to the re-measurement of the total deferred tax assets and liabilities of the company, including those that are allocated to the other reportable segments. this presentation is consistent with how management views the adjustment related to this item.
total revenues total revenues decreased $460.9 million or 70%, to $193.9 million for twelve months 2017 compared with $654.8 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease in revenues was mainly due to $437.3 million of lower after-tax net gains associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits, including a reduction in amortization of deferred gains and lower net realized gains on investments associated with the transaction. also, twelve months 2016 included a $29.6 million curtailment gain associated with our pension plan freeze.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses decreased $110.2 million or 34%, to $215.0 million in twelve months 2017 compared with $325.2 million in twelve months 2016. this decrease was primarily driven by activity from 2016, including a $26.6 million loss on the retroactive reinsurance component related to the sale of our assurant employee benefits segment, a $23.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt, a $16.7 million intangible asset impairment charge related to trade names no longer used or defended by the company and overall higher residual expenses related to the sale of assurant employee benefits. additionally, expenses in 2017 were significantly lower than 2016 due to the ongoing expense management initiatives. these decreases were partially offset by $12.5 million of integration and transaction related expenses associated with the warranty group acquisition.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015
net income (loss)
results improved $255.3 million to net income of $212.6 million for twelve months 2016 compared with a net loss of $42.7 million for twelve months 2015. the improvement was primarily due to an additional $248.0 million after-tax in amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of businesses and an $84.6 million after-tax increase in net realized gains on investments, both related to the transfer of assets and other items associated with the sale of assurant employee benefits segment. partially offsetting these items were the initial $17.3 million after-tax loss on the retroactive reinsurance component related to the sale of our assurant employee benefits segment, a $14.9 million after-tax post-close expense related to a previous disposition, a $10.8 million after-tax intangible asset impairment charge and a $15.0 million after-tax loss on extinguishment of debt.
total revenues total revenues increased $556.1 million or 563%, to $654.8 million for twelve months 2016 compared with $98.7 million for twelve months 2015. the increase in revenues was mainly due to an increase of $381.5 million in amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of business and an increase of $130.4 million in net realized gains on investments, both related to the sale of our assurant employee benefits segment. in addition, twelve months 2016 included a $29.6 million one-time curtailment gain associated with our pension plan freeze.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses increased $139.7 million or 75%, to $325.2 million in twelve months 2016 compared with $185.5 million in twelve months 2015. this increase was primarily attributable to the initial $26.6 million loss on the retroactive reinsurance component related to the sale of our assurant employee benefits segment, $23.0 million post-close contractual indemnification expense related to a previous disposition and a $16.7 million intangible asset impairment charge. in addition, twelve months 2016 included a $23.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of our december 2016 cash tender offer for $100.0 million of our 6.75% senior notes.
assurant health assurant began to wind down its major medical operations in late 2015, and the company substantially completed its exit of the health insurance market in 2016.
the affordable care act the affordable care act introduced new and significant premium stabilization programs in 2014: reinsurance, risk adjustment, and risk corridor. as of december 31, 2017, we have no net reinsurance recoverables related to these programs. during twelve months 2017, we collected $33.0 million under the 2015 reinsurance program. during twelve months 2017, we collected $4.7 million under the 2014 and 2015 risk adjustment programs. finally, we have not recorded a net receivable under the risk corridor programs because payments from the u.s. department of health and human services are considered unlikely.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
net income segment net income was $10.6 million for twelve months 2017 compared to a net loss of $41.0 million for twelve months 2016. the change in results was primarily due to lower expenses and favorable claims development as we continue to run off the business.
total revenues total revenues were $16.7 million for twelve months 2017 compared to $65.7 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily due to our exit of the health insurance market.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses were $0.7 million for twelve months 2017 compared to $113.0 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease was primarily related to lower expenses due to the substantial completion of the runoff of the business in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015
net loss segment net loss decreased to a net loss of $41.0 million for twelve months 2016 from a net loss of $367.9 million for twelve months 2015. the decrease was primarily attributable to the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve and exit related costs in twelve months 2015 due to the aforementioned decision to put the segment into run off.
total revenues total revenues decreased to $65.7 million for twelve months 2016 from $2.30 billion for twelve months 2015 due to the exit of the health insurance market.
total benefits, losses and expenses total benefits, losses and expenses decreased to $113.0 million for twelve months 2016 from $2.83 billion for twelve months 2015. policyholder benefits decreased due to the reduction of in-force policies as a result of the exit from the health insurance market, including all of the individual affordable care act medical policies which were terminated at the end of 2015. selling, underwriting, general and administrative expenses decreased due to reduced commission expense resulting from the discontinuance of sales and decreased general expenses as we run off the business. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in guaranty fund assessment expenses.
investments the company had total investments of $11.55 billion and $11.48 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. net unrealized gains on the company's fixed maturity portfolio increased $204.8 million during 2017, from $701.3 million at december 31, 2016 to $906.1 million at december 31, 2017. this increase was mainly due to a decrease in treasury yields and by a tightening in credit spreads. for more information on the company's investments see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
the following table shows the credit quality of the company's fixed maturity securities portfolio as of the dates indicated:
as of fixed maturity securities by credit quality (fair value)                     december 31, 2017                     december 31, 2016
aaa / aa / a                                                      $6,155.4           63.7    %          $6,000.7           62.7    %
baa                                                                2,982.5           30.9    %           2,903.8           30.3    %
ba                                                                   400.8            4.1    %             435.2            4.6    %
b and lower                                                          123.9            1.3    %             232.4            2.4    %
total                                                             $9,662.6          100.0    %          $9,572.1          100.0    %
major categories of net investment income were as follows:
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                             2016                  2015
fixed maturity securities                           $411.8                $419.3                $486.2
equity securities                                     22.8                  25.1                  29.9
commercial mortgage loans on real estate              31.5                  41.7                  72.7
short-term investments                                 7.2                   5.5                   2.0
other investments                                     25.2                  24.3                  40.3
cash and cash equivalents                             15.8                  17.5                  18.4
revenue from consolidated investment entities         $9.8                    $-                    $-
total investment income                              524.1                 533.4                 649.5
investment expenses                                  (21.9    )            (17.7    )            (23.3    )
expenses from consolidated investment entities        (8.4    )                -                     -
net investment income                                493.8                 515.7                 626.2
net investment income decreased $21.9 million, or 4%, to $493.8 million for twelve months 2017 from $515.7 million for twelve months 2016. the decrease is primarily attributable to lower invested assets, lower investment yields and a $0.9 million decrease in investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships.
net investment income decreased $110.5 million, or 18%, to $515.7 million for twelve months 2016 from $626.2 million for twelve months 2015. the decrease is primarily attributable to lower investment yields, lower invested assets and a $7.9 million decrease in investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships.
as of december 31, 2017, the company owned $66.9 million of securities guaranteed by financial guarantee insurance companies. included in this amount was $59.4 million of municipal securities, whose credit rating was a+ with the guarantee, but would have had a rating of a- without the guarantee.
for more information on the company's investments, please see notes 5 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
liquidity and capital resources regulatory requirements assurant, inc. is a holding company and, as such, has limited direct operations of its own. our holding company's assets consist primarily of the capital stock of our subsidiaries. accordingly, our holding company's future cash flows depend upon the availability of dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries, such as payments under our tax allocation agreement and under management agreements with our subsidiaries. the ability to pay such dividends and to make such other payments from our insurance subsidiaries will be limited by applicable laws and regulations of the states in which our subsidiaries are domiciled, which subject our subsidiaries to significant regulatory restrictions. the dividend requirements and regulations vary from state to state and by type of insurance provided by the applicable subsidiary. these laws and regulations require, among other things, our insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum solvency requirements and limit the amount of dividends they can pay to the holding company. for further information on pending amendments to state insurance holding company laws, including the naic's "solvency modernization initiative," see "item 1a - risk factors - risks related to the company - changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth." along with solvency regulations, the primary driver in determining the amount of capital used for dividends is the level of capital needed to maintain desired financial strength ratings from a.m. best.
regulators or rating agencies could become more conservative in their methodology and criteria, increasing capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries. in 2017, the following actions were taken by the rating agencies:
a.m. best
•   withdrew the ratings of john alden life insurance company and time insurance company (assurant health legal entities).
•   ratings of all other rated entities were affirmed with a stable outlook.
moody's investor services ("moody's")
•   in connection with the pending twg transaction, placed senior debt rating of assurant, inc. and financial strength ratings of rated entities on review for downgrade.
standard and poor's ("s&p")
•   in connection with the pending twg transaction, placed the long-term issuer credit rating of assurant, inc. on creditwatch negative.
•   affirmed the short-term issuer credit rating.
•   financial strength ratings of rated entities were affirmed with a stable outlook.
for further information on our ratings and the risks of ratings downgrades, see "item 1 - business" and "item 1a - risk factors - risks related to the company - a.m. best, moody's and s&p rate the financial strength of our insurance company subsidiaries, and a decline in these ratings could affect our standing in the insurance industry and cause our sales and earnings to decrease."
for 2018, the maximum amount of dividends our u.s. domiciled insurance subsidiaries could pay, under applicable laws and regulations without prior regulatory approval, is approximately $300.0 million.
liquidity as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $540.0 million in holding company capital. we use the term "holding company capital" to represent the portion of cash and other liquid marketable securities held at assurant, inc., out of a total of $649.3 million, which we are not otherwise holding for a specific purpose as of the balance sheet date. we can use such capital for stock repurchases, stockholder dividends, acquisitions, and other corporate purposes. $250.0 million of the $540.0 million of holding company capital is intended to serve as a buffer against remote risks (such as large-scale catastrophe losses). dividends or returns of capital paid by our insurance and non-insurance subsidiaries, net of infusions and excluding amounts used for acquisitions, were approximately $374.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, which included approximately $145.0 million from assurant health and capital formerly backing assurant employee benefits and approximately $229.0 million from legal entities in our global housing, global lifestyle and global preneed operating segments. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, dividends, net of infusions and excluding amounts used or set aside for acquisitions, made to the holding company from its operating companies were $1.65 billion (including approximately $894.0 million of dividends from statutory insurance subsidiaries that received cash proceeds related to the sale of assurant employee benefits) and $174.6 million, respectively. we use these cash inflows primarily to pay expenses, to make interest payments on indebtedness, to make dividend payments to our stockholders, to fund acquisitions and to repurchase our shares.
in addition to paying expenses and making interest payments on indebtedness, our capital management strategy provides for several uses of the cash generated by our subsidiaries, including without limitation, returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, investing in our businesses to support growth in targeted areas, and making prudent and opportunistic acquisitions. from time to time, the company may also seek to purchase outstanding debt in open market repurchases or privately negotiated transactions. during 2017, 2016 and 2015 we made share repurchases and paid dividends to our stockholders of $508.5 million, $994.8 million and $378.9 million, respectively. we expect 2018 operating segment dividends from global housing, global lifestyle and global preneed to be at least segment net income, subject to the growth of the business, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements.
in connection with the pending acquisition of twg holdings, the equityholders of twg holdings will receive consideration of 10,400,000 shares of assurant common stock and cash. the cash consideration is subject to a collar mechanism based on the change between assurant's 10-day volume-weighted average stock price at the time of closing (the "closing price") and $95.4762, the reference price as set forth in the a&r merger agreement. pursuant to the collar mechanism, the cash consideration may increase or decrease by the value of the difference between the closing price and the reference price if the percentage change is no more than 10% (in either direction). there is no further adjustment to the cash consideration if the percentage change between the two prices is within 10% - 20% (in either direction). in the event that the percentage change is greater than 20% (in either direction), the disadvantaged party may terminate the agreement unless the other party elects to cure by adjusting the consideration to be received by the twg holdings equityholders. assuming an increase or decrease with respect to the reference price of not more than 10%, the total cash consideration would range from approximately $800.0 million to $1.00 billion, depending on assurant's stock price at closing. the company currently expects to finance the cash consideration and repayment of $591.3 million of twg's existing debt through a combination of external financing and available cash at the holding company at the time of close.
on january 24, 2018, the company entered into an amended and restated commitment letter with morgan stanley senior funding, inc. ("morgan stanley"), jp morgan chase bank, n.a. ("jp morgan"), wells fargo, n.a. ("wells fargo"), u.s. bank national association, keybank national association and bank of montreal (collectively, the "lenders") to modify the commitment letter dated as of october 17, 2017 pursuant to which the lenders have committed to provide to the company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the full amount of a 364-day $1.50 billion senior unsecured bridge loan facility ("bridge loan facility"). the amended and restated commitment letter replaces the interim commitment letter provided by morgan stanley, jp morgan chase and wells fargo on january 8, 2018. subject to certain conditions, the company may use the proceeds of the facility to finance the pending twg transaction.
on december 15, 2017, the company entered into a term loan agreement with a syndicate of banks arranged by jp morgan, morgan stanley and wells fargo to establish a $350.0 million 364-day senior unsecured term loan credit facility (the "term loan facility"). the company may, subject to certain conditions, use the proceeds of the facility to finance the pending twg transaction or to redeem $350.0 million of the company's existing 2013 senior notes due march 2018. the agreement was amended and restated on january 29, 2018. the terms were modified to give effect to the amended and restated merger agreement but otherwise did not materially affect the rights or obligations of the company and its subsidiaries thereunder.
on december 15, 2017, the company entered into a five-year senior unsecured $450.0 million revolving credit agreement (the "2017 credit facility") with a syndicate of banks arranged by jp morgan and wells fargo. the 2017 credit facility replaces the company's prior five-year $400.0 million revolving credit facility ("2014 credit facility"), entered into on september 16, 2014. the 2014 credit facility was scheduled to expire in september 2019, but was terminated upon the effectiveness of the 2017 credit facility. the 2017 credit facility provides for revolving loans and the issuance of multi-bank, syndicated letters of credit and/or letters of credit from a sole issuing bank in an aggregate amount of $450.0 million and is available until december 2022, provided the company is in compliance with all covenants. the 2017 credit facility has a sublimit for letters of credit issued thereunder of $50.0 million. the proceeds of these loans may be used for the company's commercial paper program or for general corporate purposes. the company may increase the total amount available under the 2017 credit facility up to $575.0 million, subject to certain conditions. no bank is obligated to provide commitments above their share of the $450.0 million facility. the agreement was amended and restated on january 29, 2018. the terms were modified to give effect to the amended and restated merger agreement but otherwise did not materially affect the rights or obligations of the company and its subsidiaries thereunder.
the primary sources of funds for our subsidiaries consist of premiums and fees collected, proceeds from the sales and maturity of investments and net investment income. cash is primarily used to pay insurance claims, agent commissions, operating expenses and taxes. we generally invest our subsidiaries' excess funds in order to generate investment income.
we conduct periodic asset liability studies to measure the duration of our insurance liabilities, to develop optimal asset portfolio maturity structures for our significant lines of business and ultimately to assess that cash flows are sufficient to meet the timing of cash needs. these studies are conducted in accordance with formal company-wide asset liability management ("alm") guidelines.
to complete a study for a particular line of business, models are developed to project asset and liability cash flows and balance sheet items under a large, varied set of plausible economic scenarios. these models consider many factors including the current investment portfolio, the required capital for the related assets and liabilities, our tax position and projected cash flows from both existing and projected new business.
alternative asset portfolio structures are analyzed for significant lines of business. an investment portfolio maturity structure is then selected from these profiles given our return hurdle and risk preference. sensitivity testing of significant liability assumptions and new business projections is also performed.
our liabilities generally have limited policyholder optionality, which means that the timing of payments is relatively insensitive to the interest rate environment. in addition, our investment portfolio is largely comprised of highly liquid fixed maturity securities with a sufficient component of such securities invested that are near maturity which may be sold with minimal risk of loss to meet cash needs. therefore, we believe we have limited exposure to disintermediation risk.
generally, our subsidiaries' premiums, fees and investment income, along with planned asset sales and maturities, provide sufficient cash to pay claims and expenses. however, there may be instances when unexpected cash needs arise in excess of that available from usual operating sources. in such instances, we have several options to raise needed funds, including selling assets from the subsidiaries' investment portfolios, using holding company cash (if available), issuing commercial paper, or drawing funds from our revolving credit facility. in addition, on january 22, 2018, we filed an automatically effective shelf registration statement on form s-3 with the sec. this registration statement allows us to issue equity, debt or other types of securities through one or more methods of distribution. the terms of any offering would be established at the time of the offering, subject to market conditions. if we decide to make an offering of securities, we will consider the nature of the cash requirement as well as the cost of capital in determining what type of securities we may offer.
on january 19, 2018, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.56 per common share payable on march 19, 2018 to stockholders of record as of february 26, 2018. we paid dividends of $0.56 per common share on december 18, 2017 to stockholders of record as of november 27, 2017. this represents a 6% increase above the quarterly dividend of $0.53 per common share paid on september 19, 2017 to stockholders of record as of august 28, 2017, $0.53 per common share paid on june 20, 2017 to stockholders of record as of may 30, 2017, and $0.53 per common share paid on march 20, 2017 to stockholders of record as of february 27, 2017. any determination to pay future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon: our subsidiaries' payments of dividends and/or other statutorily permissible payments to us; our results of operations and cash flows; our financial position and capital requirements; general business conditions; legal, tax, regulatory and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends; and other factors our board of directors deems relevant.
on november 14, 2016, our board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $600.0 million of its outstanding common stock. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we repurchased 3,933,209 shares of our outstanding common stock at a cost of $389.5 million, exclusive of commissions. as of december 31, 2017, $293.4 million remained under the total repurchase authorization (considering the november 2016 and previous authorizations). the timing and the amount of future repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors.
management believes the company will have sufficient liquidity to satisfy its needs over the next twelve months, including the ability to pay interest on our senior notes and dividends on our common shares.
retirement and other employee benefits we have sponsored a qualified pension plan, (the "assurant pension plan") and various non-qualified pension plans (including an executive pension plan), along with a retirement health benefits plan covering our employees who meet specified eligibility requirements. the determination of the reported amounts associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions which include, but are not limited to, the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of future compensation increases. we determine these assumptions based upon currently available market and industry data, and historical performance of the plan and its assets. the actuarial assumptions used in the calculation of our aggregate projected benefit obligation vary and include an expectation of long-term appreciation in equity markets which is not changed by minor short-term market fluctuations, but does change when large interim deviations occur. the assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of the participants.
as of january 1, 2014, the assurant pension plan and executive pension plans are no longer offered to new hires. subsequently, effective january 1, 2016, the assurant pension plan was amended and split into two separate plans (plan no. 1 and plan no. 2). plan no. 1 generally covers all eligible employees (including the active population as of january 1, 2016, the remainder of the terminated vested population and all puerto rico participants). plan no. 2 included a subset of the terminated vested population and the total in-payment population as of january 1, 2016. assets for both plans remain in the assurant, inc.
pension plan trust; however, separate accounting entities were maintained for plan no. 1 and plan no. 2. effective december 31, 2017, plan no. 1 and plan no. 2 were merged back together into the assurant pension plan.
effective march 1, 2016, the assurant pension plan and various non-qualified pension plans (including an executive pension plan) were frozen. no additional benefits will be earned after february 29, 2016.
during 2017, there were no contributions to the assurant pension plan. due to the plan's current overfunded status, no contributions are expected to the assurant pension plan over the course of 2018. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for more information.
commercial paper program our commercial paper program requires us to maintain liquidity facilities either in an available amount equal to any outstanding notes from the program or in an amount sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned to the notes issued from the program. our commercial paper is rated amb-1 by a.m. best, p-2 by moody's and a-2 by s&p. our subsidiaries do not maintain commercial paper or other borrowing facilities. this program is currently backed up by a $450.0 million senior revolving credit facility, of which $441.0 million was available at december 31, 2017, due to $9.0 million of outstanding letters of credit related to this program.
we did not use the commercial paper program during the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 and there were no amounts relating to the commercial paper program outstanding at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016. the company made no borrowings using the 2017 credit facility and no loans were outstanding at december 31, 2017.
covenants the 2017 credit facility and term loan facility contain restrictive covenants, all of which were met as of december 31, 2017. these covenants include (but are not limited to):
(i)   maintenance of a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter of not greater than 35%, subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the underlying credit agreements, and
(ii)   maintenance of a consolidated adjusted net worth in an amount not less than the "minimum amount". for the purpose of this calculation the "minimum amount" is an amount equal to the sum of (a) the base amount $2.72 billion plus (b) 25% of consolidated net income for each fiscal quarter (if positive) ending after september 30, 2017, plus (c) 25% of the net proceeds received by the company from any capital contribution to, or issuance of any capital stock or hybrid securities received after september 30, 2017.
at december 31, 2017, our ratio of debt to total capitalization as calculated under the covenant was 21%, the consolidated minimum amount described in clause (ii) above was $2.80 billion and our actual consolidated adjusted net worth as calculated under the covenant was $4.04 billion.
in the event of the breach of certain covenants all obligations under the 2017 credit facility and term loan facility, including unpaid principal and accrued interest and outstanding letters of credit, may become immediately due and payable.
senior notes in march 2013, we issued two series of senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $700.0 million (the "2013 senior notes"). the first series is $350.0 million in principal amount, bears interest at 2.50% per year and is payable in a single installment in march 2018. the second series is $350.0 million in principal amount, bears interest at 4.00% per year and is payable in a single installment in march 2023.
interest on our 2013 senior notes is payable semi-annually in march and september of each year. the interest expense incurred related to the 2013 senior notes was $23.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, and $23.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. there was $6.6 million of accrued interest at both december 31, 2017 and 2016. the 2013 senior notes are unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of the company's other senior unsecured indebtedness. the company may redeem each series of the 2013 senior notes in whole or in part at any time and from time to time before their maturity at the redemption price set forth in the indenture.
in addition, we have senior notes outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of $375.0 million (the "2004 senior notes"). the 2004 senior notes bear interest at 6.75% per year and are due in february 2034.
in december 2016, the company completed a cash tender offer and purchased $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2004 senior notes due 2034, resulting in a $23.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt, for the year ended december 31, 2016.
interest on the 2004 senior notes is payable semi-annually in february and august of each year. the interest expense incurred related to the 2004 senior notes (which included another series of $500.0 million principal 5.63% notes that were repaid in february 2014) was $25.7 million, $32.1 million and $32.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. there was $9.5 million of accrued interest at both december 31, 2017 and 2016. the 2004 senior notes are unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness. the 2004 senior notes are not redeemable prior to maturity.
in management's opinion, dividends from our subsidiaries together with our income and gains from our investment portfolio will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our needs in the ordinary course of business.
cash flows we monitor cash flows at the consolidated, holding company and subsidiary levels. cash flow forecasts at the consolidated and subsidiary levels are provided on a monthly basis, and we use trend and variance analyses to project future cash needs making adjustments to the forecasts when needed.
the table below shows our recent net cash flows:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                2016                  2015
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities (1)             $532.7                   $98.4                $167.8
investing activities                 (541.2    )              725.6                 264.3
financing activities                  (26.7    )           (1,080.3    )           (462.4    )
net change in cash                   $(35.2    )            $(256.3    )           $(30.3    )
(1)   includes effect of exchange rates changes and the reclassification of assets held for sale on cash and cash equivalents.
cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
operating activities:
we typically generate operating cash inflows from premiums collected from our insurance products and income received from our investments while outflows consist of policy acquisition costs, benefits paid, and operating expenses. these net cash flows are then invested to support the obligations of our insurance products and required capital supporting these products. our cash flows from operating activities are affected by the timing of premiums, fees, and investment income received and expenses paid.
net cash provided by operating activities was $532.7 million and $98.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to prior year activity as assurant health was paying significant claims without a corresponding collection of premiums while in run-off. also contributing to the increase is the timing of payments in the normal course of business. these items were partially offset by changes in the premium stabilization program receivables related to assurant health and an $85.0 million payment in 2017 related to the lender-placed market conduct examination settlement agreements. please see note 25 - commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net cash provided by operating activities was $98.4 million and $167.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to assurant health paying claims without a corresponding collection of premiums since this business is now in runoff and the timing of other payments in the normal course of business. these items were partially offset by changes in the premium stabilization program receivables related to assurant health and an increase of our fee business in global lifestyle and global housing.
investing activities:
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities was $(541.2) million and $725.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the change in investing activities is primarily due to the sale of assurant employee benefits in 2016, mainly through reinsurance transactions, to sun life. also contributing to the decrease was the 2017 acquisition of green tree insurance agency, inc., the sale of commercial mortgage loans on real estate in 2016, change in our short-term investments and the purchase of invested assets related to the consolidated investment entities (the "cies"). see note 6 - variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. these are partially offset by a decrease in the purchases of fixed maturity securities and equity securities.
net cash provided by investing activities was $725.6 million and $264.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the change in investing activities is primarily due to the sale of assurant employee benefits segment, mainly through reinsurance transactions, to sun life, higher sales of fixed maturity securities, change in short term investments and an increase in sales of commercial mortgage loans. for more information on the sale of commercial mortgage loans see note 6 - variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. these increases are partially offset by an increase of purchases of fixed maturity securities.
financing activities:
net cash used in financing activities was $26.7 million and $1.08 billion for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the change in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to a decrease in the repurchase of our outstanding common stock in 2017, partially offset by a net increase in cash provided by our cies. see note 6 - variable interest entities to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net cash used in financing activities was $1.08 billion and $462.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the change in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to an increase in the repurchase of our outstanding common stock in 2016.
the table below shows our cash outflows for taxes, interest and common stock dividends for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                     2016                  2015
income taxes paid            $18.8                $226.1                 $80.1
interest paid on debt         48.1                  56.2                  54.8
common stock dividends       119.0                 125.3                  94.2
total                       $185.9                $407.6                $229.1
commitments and contingencies we have obligations and commitments to third parties as a result of our operations. these obligations and commitments, as of december 31, 2017, are detailed in the table below by maturity date as of the dates indicated:
as of december 31, 2017
total             less than 1year               1-3years       3-5years             more than 5years contractual obligations :
insurance liabilities (1)                           $8,848.6                $1,510.7                    $814.9            $710.5               $5,812.5
debt and related interest                            1,574.0                   393.7                      78.6                 78.6            1,023.1
operating leases                                        69.2                    21.6                      29.5                 15.0                      3.1
pension obligations and postretirement benefit         564.5                    55.3                     114.5                107.1                    287.6
purchase agreements                                     13.5                     4.5                       9.0            -                    -
commitments:
investment purchases outstanding:
commercial mortgage loans on real estate                 6.1                     6.1                         -            -                    -
capital contributions to consolidated vies              20.0                    20.0                         -            -                    -
capital contributions to non-consolidated vies          19.5                    19.5                         -            -                    -
liability for unrecognized tax benefit                   6.8                       -                       1.8            -                              5.0
total obligations and commitments                  $11,122.2                $2,031.4                  $1,048.3            $911.2               $7,131.3
(1)   insurance liabilities reflect estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders excluding fully reinsured runoff operations whose inclusion would be potentially distortive. the total gross reserve excluded is $6.65 billion which, if the reinsurers defaulted, would be payable over a 30+ year period with the majority of the payments occurring after 5 years. additional information on the reinsurance arrangements can be found in note 15.
liabilities for future policy benefits and expenses have been included in the commitments and contingencies table. significant uncertainties relating to these liabilities include mortality, morbidity, expenses, persistency, investment returns, inflation, contract terms and the timing of payments.
letters of credit in the normal course of business, letters of credit are issued primarily to support reinsurance arrangements. these letters of credit are supported by commitments with financial institutions. we had $18.1 million and $17.2 million of letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources of the company.
