item 1a.   risk factors information provided by the company or its spokespersons, including information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, may from time to time contain forward-looking statements concerning projected financial performance, market and industry sector growth, product development and commercialization or other aspects of future operations. such statements will be based on the assumptions and expectations of the company's management at the time such statements are made. the company cautions investors that its performance (and, therefore, any forward-looking statement) is subject to risks and uncertainties. various important factors, including, but not limited to, the following may cause the company's future results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement.
global economic conditions. the company's operations and performance depend significantly on foreign and domestic economic conditions. uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, as well as geopolitical conditions, can result in significant volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets. this volatility and the related economic conditions may negatively impact the company as customers defer spending in response to tighter credit, higher unemployment, financial market volatility, government austerity programs, negative financial news, declining valuations of investments and other factors. in addition, certain of the company's customers' budgets may be constrained and they may be unable to purchase the company's products at the same level as they have in prior periods. customer spending levels may be impacted by decreased government spending in certain countries as concerns continue regarding economic conditions and government debt levels. these economic conditions can change abruptly. to the extent the global economy experiences volatility, the company may be exposed to impairments of certain assets as their values deteriorate.
10
tighter credit due to economic conditions may diminish the company's future borrowing ability. the company's customers' ability to pay for the company's products and services may also be impaired, which may lead to an increase in the company's allowance for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable. since the company is exposed to the majority of major world markets, uncertainty in any significant market may negatively impact the company's performance and results, particularly with respect to the company's largest geographic customer bases. the company is unable to predict the likely duration and magnitude of changing economic conditions or the likelihood of additional uncertainty arising in any of the company's key markets. adverse economic conditions could negatively impact the company's operating results, cash flows and financial condition.
decline in customers' businesses. the company's sales are based significantly on end-user demand for products in key industrial sectors. many of these sectors periodically experience economic declines, which may be exacerbated by other economic factors. these factors may also adversely affect the company's business by extending sales cycles and reducing revenue. these economic factors may cause the company's customers to reduce the size of their workforce or cut back on operations and may lead to a reduction in renewals of licenses or maintenance contracts with the company. the company's customers may request discounts or extended payment terms on new products or seek to extend payment terms on existing contracts, all of which may cause fluctuations in the company's future operating results. the company may not be able to adjust its operating expenses to offset such fluctuations because a substantial portion of the company's operating expenses are related to personnel, facilities and marketing programs. the level of personnel and related expenses may not be able to be adjusted quickly and is based, in significant part, on the company's expectation for future revenue.
risks associated with international activities. a majority of the company's business comes from outside the united states and the company has customers that supply a wide spectrum of goods and services in virtually all of the world's major economic regions. if any of the foreign economies in which the company does business deteriorate or suffer periods of uncertainty, the company's business and performance may be negatively impacted through reduced customer spending, changes in purchasing cycles or timing, reduced access to credit for its customers, or other factors impacting the company's international sales and collections. the company's results may also be negatively impacted by geopolitical tensions, which may result in increased economic volatility.
as a result of its significant international presence, the company has revenue, expenses, cash, accounts receivable and payment obligations denominated in foreign currencies. as a result, the company is subject to currency exchange risk. the company's revenues and operating results are adversely affected when the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies and are positively affected when the u.s. dollar weakens. as a result, changes in currency exchange rates will affect the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in the event that there are economic declines in countries in which the company conducts transactions, the resulting changes in currency exchange rates may affect the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. the company is most impacted by movements in and among the euro, japanese yen, south korean won, british pound, taiwan dollar, indian rupee and u.s. dollar. the company seeks to reduce currency exchange transaction risks primarily through its normal operating and treasury activities, but there can be no assurance that it will be successful in reducing these risks.
in june 2016, the united kingdom voted to leave the european union. the long-term impact of the decision is uncertain. as a result, the company's business in the united kingdom and europe could be adversely impacted due to political and economic instability, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, and other factors. these risks could negatively impact the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
in may 2018, a new set of data protection rules will go into effect in the european union. these rules provide a unified and comprehensive set of requirements for data protection of individuals within the european union. the company will be subject to these requirements, which include potentially significant monetary penalties for noncompliance. if the company fails to comply with the new regulations, its reputation may suffer and its financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively impacted.
additional risks inherent in the company's international business activities include imposition of government controls; export license requirements; restrictions on the export of critical technology, products and services; the violation of anti-corruption laws and regulations, which are applicable to the company, by third parties in countries where such conduct may be permissible or commonplace; political and economic instability; protectionist economic policies; changes in tariffs and taxes; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; changes in data privacy regulations; longer accounts receivable payment cycles; and the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations. effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available in every foreign country in which the company sells its products and services. the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially, adversely affected by any of these risks.
11
sales forecasts. the company makes many operational and strategic decisions based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts. the company's sales personnel continually monitor the status of all proposals, including the estimated closing date and the value of the sale, in order to forecast quarterly sales. these forecasts are subject to significant estimation and are impacted by many external factors, including global economic conditions and the performance of the company's customers. a variation in actual sales activity from that forecasted could cause the company to plan or budget incorrectly and, therefore, could adversely affect the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. the company's management team forecasts macroeconomic trends and developments, and integrates them through long-range planning into budgets, research and development strategies and a wide variety of general management duties. global economic conditions, and the effect those conditions and other disruptions in global markets have on the company's customers, may have a significant impact on the accuracy of the company's sales forecasts. these conditions may increase the likelihood or the magnitude of variations between actual sales activity and the company's sales forecasts and, as a result, the company's performance may be hindered because of a failure to properly match corporate strategy with economic conditions. this, in turn, may adversely affect the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
stock market and stock price volatility. market prices for securities of software companies have generally been volatile. in particular, the market price of the company's common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations as a result of factors affecting the company, the software industry or the securities markets in general. such factors include, but are not limited to, declines in trading price that may be triggered by the company's failure to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors. moreover, the trading price could be subject to additional fluctuations in response to quarter-to-quarter variations in the company's operating results, material announcements made by the company or its competitors, conditions in the financial markets or the software industry generally, or other events and factors, many of which are beyond the company's control.
rapidly changing technology; new products; risk of product errors. the company operates in an industry generally characterized by rapidly changing technology and frequent new product introductions, which can render existing products obsolete or unmarketable. a major factor in the company's future success will be its ability to anticipate technological changes and to develop and introduce, in a timely manner, enhancements to its existing products, products acquired in acquisitions and new products to meet those changes. if the company is unable to introduce new products and to respond quickly to industry changes, its business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially, adversely affected.
the introduction and marketing of new or enhanced products require the company to manage the transition from existing products in order to minimize disruption in customer purchasing patterns. there can be no assurance that the company will be successful in developing and marketing, on a timely basis, new products or product enhancements, that the new products will adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace or that the company will successfully manage the transition from existing products. software products as complex as those offered by the company may contain undetected errors when first introduced, or as new versions are released, and the likelihood of errors is increased as a result of the company's commitment to the frequency of its product releases. there can be no assurance that errors will not be found in any new or enhanced products after the commencement of commercial shipments. certain products require a higher level of sales and support expertise. failure of the company's sales channel, particularly the indirect channel, to obtain this expertise and to sell the new product offerings effectively could have an adverse impact on the company's sales in future periods. any of these problems may result in the loss of or delay in customer acceptance, diversion of development resources, damage to the company's reputation, or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
product quality. the company has separate quality systems and registrations under the iso 9001:2008 standard, in addition to other governmental and industrial regulations. the company's continued compliance with quality standards and favorable outcomes in periodic examinations is important to retain current customers and vital to procure new sales. if the company was determined not to be compliant with various regulatory or iso 9001/9000 standards, its certificates of registration could be suspended, requiring remedial action and a time-consuming re-registration process. product quality issues or failures could result in the company's reputation becoming diminished, resulting in a material adverse impact on revenue, operating margins, net income, financial position and cash flows.
competition. the company continues to experience competition across all markets for its products and services. some of the company's current and possible future competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than the company, and some have well-established relationships with current and potential customers of the company. the company's current and possible future competitors also include firms that have competed or may in the future elect to compete by means of open source licensing. parties among the company's current or future strategic alliances may diminish or sever technical, software development and marketing relationships with the company for competitive purposes. these competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions and/or increased operating costs, and could result in lower revenues, margins and net income.
12
changes in the company's pricing models. the intense competition the company faces in the sales of its products and services, and general economic and business conditions, can put pressure on the company to adjust its prices. if the company's competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services, or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, the company may need to lower prices or offer discounts or other favorable terms in order to compete successfully. any such changes may reduce operating margins and could adversely affect operating results. the company's maintenance products, which include software license updates and product support fees, are generally priced as a percentage of its new software license fees. the company's competitors may offer lower percentage pricing on product updates and support that could put pressure on the company to further discount its new license or product support prices.
any broad-based change to the company's prices and pricing policies could cause new software license and service revenues to decline or be delayed as its sales force implements and its customers adjust to the new pricing policies. some of the company's competitors may bundle software products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices, product implementations or wider geographical license usage provisions. these practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that the company can charge for certain products. if the company does not adapt its pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of its products or changes in customer demand, the company's new software license revenues could decrease. additionally, increased distribution of applications through application service providers, including software-as-a-service providers, may reduce the average price for the company's products or adversely affect other sales of the company's products, reducing new software license revenues unless the company can offset price reductions with volume increases. the increase in open source software distribution may also cause the company to adjust its pricing models.
dependence on senior management and key technical personnel. the company's success depends upon the continued services of the company's senior executives, key technical employees and other employees. each of the company's executive officers, key technical personnel and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with the company at any time. the loss of any of the company's senior executives might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of the company's business objectives and could materially harm the company's business and customer relationships.
in addition, because of the highly technical nature of the company's products, the company must attract and retain highly skilled engineering and development personnel, many of whom are recruited from outside of the united states. the market for this talent is highly competitive. the company is limited in its ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. if the immigration laws become stricter or if the company has less success in recruiting and retaining key personnel, the company's business, reputation and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
dependence on proprietary technology. the company's success is highly dependent upon its proprietary technology. the company generally relies on contracts and the laws of copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets to protect its technology. the company maintains a trade secrets program, enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees and channel partners, and limits access to and distribution of its software, documentation and other proprietary information. there can be no assurance that the steps taken by the company to protect its proprietary technology will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of its technology by third parties, or that third parties will not be able to develop similar technology independently. costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of trade secret rights and related confidentiality and nondisclosure provisions. although the company is not aware that any of its technology infringes upon the rights of third parties, there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert technology infringement claims against the company or that, if asserted, such claims will not prevail.
risks associated with security of the company's products, source code and it systems. the company makes significant efforts to maintain and improve the security and integrity of its products, source code, computer systems and data. despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such programs, it is virtually impossible for the company to entirely mitigate this risk. there appears to be an increasing number of computer "hackers" developing and deploying a variety of destructive software programs (such as viruses, worms and the like) that could attack the company's products and computer systems. as a result, the company may incur costs to increase personnel and technology to prevent such attacks. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to networks or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, the company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. like all software products, the company's software is vulnerable to such attacks. the impact of such an attack could disrupt the proper functioning of the company's software products, cause errors in the output of its customers' work, allow unauthorized access to sensitive, proprietary or confidential information of the company or its customers and result in other destructive outcomes. if this were to occur, the company's reputation may suffer, customers may stop buying products, the company could face lawsuits and potential liability, and the company's financial performance could be negatively impacted.
13
there is also a danger of industrial espionage, cyber-attacks, misuse, theft of information or assets (including source code), or damage to assets by people who have gained unauthorized access to the company's facilities, systems or information. this includes phishing, which has become a very prevalent technique. such cybersecurity breaches, misuse or other disruptions could lead to the disclosure of portions of the company's product source code or other confidential information, improper usage and distribution of the company's products without compensation, illegal usage of the company's products which could jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through its computer systems, and theft, manipulation and destruction of private and proprietary data, resulting in defective products and production downtimes. although the company actively employs measures to combat unlicensed copying, access and use of software and intellectual property through a variety of techniques, preventing unauthorized use or infringement of the company's rights is inherently difficult. these events could adversely affect the company's financial results or could result in significant claims for damages against it. participating in lawsuits to protect against any such unauthorized access to, usage of or disclosure of any of the company's products or any portion of the company's product source code, or in prosecutions in connection with any such cybersecurity breach, could be costly and time-consuming, and may divert management's attention and adversely affect the market's perception of the company and its products.
policing the unauthorized distribution and use of the company's products is difficult, and software piracy (including online piracy) is a persistent problem. the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent typical software protection measures used in the company's products, and the possibility of methods that circumvent the techniques it employs in its products, may lead to an expansion in piracy or misuse of its products and intellectual property. as a result, and despite the company's efforts to prevent such activities and to prosecute instances of such activities, the company may nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of its software, and management's attention may be diverted to address specific instances of piracy or misuse, or to address piracy and misuse in general.
a number of the company's core processes, such as software development, sales and marketing, customer service and financial transactions, rely on its it infrastructure and applications. the company also relies upon third-party products, which are exposed to various security vulnerabilities. malicious software, sabotage and other cybersecurity breaches of the types discussed above could cause an outage of the company's infrastructure, which could lead to a substantial denial of service and ultimately to production downtime, recovery costs and customer claims. this could have a significant negative impact on the company's business, financial position, profit and cash flows.
the company has implemented a number of measures designed to ensure the security of its information, it resources and other assets. nonetheless, unauthorized users could gain access to its systems through cyber-attacks and steal, use without authorization, and sabotage the company's intellectual property and confidential data. any breach of its it security, misuse or theft could lead to loss of production, recovery costs or litigation brought by employees, customers or business partners, which could have a significant negative impact on the company's business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation.
implementation of it systems. the company is currently implementing a new customer relationship management (crm) system. while this system is anticipated to simplify the sales and order processing efforts and to enhance customer service, there is a risk that the project will not achieve the anticipated benefits or that the benefits will not be achieved as quickly as anticipated. there is also a risk that the company will have to write off previously capitalized expenditures if the project is not successful or if implementation decisions regarding the project are modified. the project implementation timeline and scope may change and become longer and broader as new facets of the design and implementation efforts are undertaken. this may take the attention of key operational management away from other aspects of the business, including the integration of acquisitions, and also result in increased consulting and software costs. these factors may have a significant negative impact on the company's business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation.
dependence on channel partners. the company continues to distribute a meaningful portion of its products through its global network of independent, regional channel partners. the channel partners sell the company's software products to new and existing customers, expand installations within the existing customer base, offer consulting services and provide the first line of technical support. consequently, in certain geographies, the company is highly dependent upon the efforts of the channel partners. difficulties in ongoing relationships with channel partners, such as failure to meet performance criteria or to promote the company's products as aggressively as the company expects, and differences in the handling of customer relationships, could adversely affect the company's performance. additionally, the loss of any major channel partner for any reason, including a channel partner's decision to sell competing products rather than the company's products, could have a material adverse effect on the company. moreover, the company's future success will depend substantially on the ability and willingness of its channel partners to continue to dedicate the resources necessary to promote the company's portfolio of products and to support a larger installed base of the company's products. if the channel partners are unable or unwilling to do so, the company may be unable to sustain revenue growth.
14
the company has been increasing its number of channel partners, particularly in international locations. the business relationships with these channel partners are recently established and could result in additional compliance burdens for the company. these partners also have a less-established payment history with the company and revenue from these partners could come with a higher rate of bad debt expense.
during times of significant fluctuations in world currencies, certain channel partners may have solvency issues to the extent that effective hedge strategies are not employed or there is not sufficient working capital. in particular, if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, certain channel partners who pay the company in u.s. dollars may have trouble paying the company on time or may have trouble distributing the company's products due to the impact of the currency exchange fluctuation on such channel partner's cash flows. this may impact the company's ability to distribute its products into certain regions and markets, and may have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows.
reliance on perpetual licenses. although the company has historically maintained stable recurring revenue from the sale of software lease licenses and software maintenance subscriptions, it also has relied on sales of perpetual licenses that involve the payment of a single, up-front fee. historically, these licenses have been more typical in the computer software industry and remain as the preferred licensing approach in certain markets. while revenue generated from software lease licenses and software maintenance subscriptions currently represents a portion of the company's revenue, to the extent that perpetual license revenue continues to represent a significant percentage of total revenue, the company's revenue in any period will depend significantly on sales completed during that period. if customer purchasing patterns shift toward a stronger preference for lease licenses and fewer perpetual licenses, as the company has recently experienced, there could be a short-term, adverse impact on the company's revenue and profitability.
renewal rates for annual lease and maintenance contracts. a substantial portion of the company's license and maintenance revenue is derived from annual lease and maintenance contracts. these contracts are generally renewed on an annual basis and typically have a high rate of customer renewal. in addition to the recurring revenue base associated with these contracts, a majority of customers purchasing new perpetual licenses also purchase related annual maintenance contracts. if the rate of renewal for these contracts is adversely affected by economic or other factors, the company's license and maintenance growth will be adversely affected over the term that the revenue for those contracts would have otherwise been recognized. as a result, the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows may also be adversely impacted during those periods.
risks associated with acquisitions. historically, the company has consummated acquisitions in order to support the company's long-term strategic direction, accelerate innovation, provide increased capabilities to existing products, supply new products and services, expand its customer base and enhance its distribution channels. the company has completed a number of acquisitions in recent years and expects to make additional acquisitions in the future, but may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or, if suitable candidates are identified, the company may not be able to complete the business combination on commercially acceptable terms. the process of exploring and pursuing acquisition opportunities may result in devotion of significant management and financial resources.
even if the company is able to consummate acquisitions that it believes will be successful, such transactions present many risks including, among others, difficulty in integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures and operations of the companies; failing to achieve anticipated synergies and revenue increases; difficulty incorporating and integrating the acquired technologies or products with the company's existing product lines; difficulty in coordinating, establishing or expanding sales, distribution and marketing functions, as necessary; difficulty in training the global sales team to sell the acquired products; failure to develop new products and services that utilize the technologies and resources of the companies; disruption of the company's ongoing business and diversion of management's attention to transition or integration issues; unanticipated and unknown liabilities; the loss of key employees, customers, partners and channel partners of the company or of the acquired company, resulting in the loss of key information, expertise or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs; infringement of intellectual property rights; and difficulties implementing and maintaining sufficient controls, policies and procedures over the systems, products and processes of the acquired company. if the company does not achieve the anticipated benefits of its acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by the company's management and financial or industry analysts, there could be a material adverse effect on the company's stock price, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, for companies acquired, limited experience will exist for several quarters following the acquisition relating to how the acquired company's sales pipelines will convert into sales or revenues, and the conversion rate post-acquisition may be quite different than the historical conversion rate. because a substantial portion of the company's sales are completed in the latter part of a quarter, and its cost structure is largely fixed in the short-term, revenue shortfalls may have a negative impact on the company's profitability. a delay in a small number of large, new software license transactions could cause the company's quarterly software license revenues to fall significantly short of its predictions.
15
the company may periodically be involved in business combinations with enterprises that are developmental in nature. while these entities have leading-edge technology, they may not have developed direct or indirect distribution channels and may not have software revenues which cover the ongoing expenses. therefore, the company may have a decrease in operating margin and profitability while these types of acquisitions are integrated and the distribution channel incorporates the new product offerings.
disruption of operations or infrastructure failures. a significant portion of the company's software development personnel, source code and computer equipment is located at operating facilities in the united states, canada, india, japan and throughout europe. the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unforeseen catastrophe at any of these facilities could cause interruptions in the company's operations, services and product development activities. additionally, if the company experiences problems that impair its business infrastructure, such as a computer virus, telephone system failure or an intentional disruption of its information technology systems by a third party, these interruptions could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and the ability to meet financial reporting deadlines. further, because the company's sales are not generally linear during any quarterly period, the potential adverse effects resulting from any of the events described above or any other disruption of the company's business could be accentuated if it occurs close to the end of a fiscal quarter.
risks associated with significant sales to existing customers. a significant portion of the company's sales includes follow-on sales to existing customers that invest in the company's broad suite of engineering simulation software and services. if a significant number of current customers were to become dissatisfied with the company's products and services, or choose to license or utilize competitive offerings, the company's follow-on sales, and recurring lease and maintenance revenues, could be materially, adversely impacted, resulting in reduced revenue, operating margins, net income and cash flows.
industry consolidation. consolidation in industries that utilize the company's software may result in combined workforces where economies of scale and synergies are achieved, and fewer ansys software licenses are required. consolidation may also result in the newly combined/surviving entity wanting the most favorable pricing from the former contracts and expecting larger volume discounts on future purchases. if a customer is acquired by an entity that does not utilize ansys in favor of a competing product, the company may not have future orders from the enterprise. further, consolidation of the company's competitors may result in synergies that allow those competitors to benefit from broader sales channels and increased access to capital. any of these impacts could adversely affect the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
periodic reorganization of sales force. the company relies heavily on its direct sales force. from time to time, the company reorganizes and makes adjustments to its sales leadership and/or its sales force in response to such factors as management changes, performance issues, market opportunities and other considerations. these changes may result in a temporary lack of sales production and may adversely impact revenue in future quarters. there can be no assurance that the company will not restructure its sales force in future periods or that the transition issues associated with such a restructuring will not occur.
regulatory compliance. like all other public companies, the company is subject to the rules and regulations of the sec, including those that require the company to report on and receive an attestation from its independent registered public accounting firm regarding the company's internal control over financial reporting. compliance with these requirements causes the company to incur additional expenses and causes management to divert time from the day-to-day operations of the company. while the company anticipates being able to fully comply with these requirements, if it is not able to comply with the reporting or attestation requirements relating to internal control over financial reporting, the company may be subject to sanctions by the sec or nasdaq. such sanctions could divert the attention of the company's management from implementing its business plan and could have an adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
as the company's stock is listed on the nasdaq global select market, the company is subject to the ongoing financial and corporate governance requirements of nasdaq. while the company anticipates being able to fully comply with these requirements, if it is not able to comply, the company's name may be published on nasdaq's daily non-compliant companies list until nasdaq determines that it has regained compliance or the company no longer trades on nasdaq. if the company was unable to return to compliance with the governance requirements of nasdaq, the company may be delisted from the nasdaq global select market, which could have an adverse effect on the market value of the company's equity securities and the ability to raise additional capital.
governmental revenue sources. the company's sales to the united states government must comply with federal acquisition regulations. failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties being assessed against the company or an order preventing the company from making future sales to the united states government. further, the company's international activities must comply with the export control laws of the united states and other countries, the foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act of 2010 and a variety of other laws and regulations of the united states and other countries in
16
which the company operates. failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could adversely affect the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
in certain circumstances, the united states government, state and local governments and their respective agencies, and certain foreign governments may have the right to terminate contractual arrangements at any time, without cause. the united states, european union and certain other government contracts, as well as the company's state and local level contracts, are subject to the approval of appropriations or funding authorizations. certain of these contracts permit the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including, but not limited to, termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business, any of which could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows.
contingencies. the company is subject to various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could materially affect the company's results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
income tax estimates. the company makes significant estimates in determining its worldwide income tax provision. these estimates involve complex tax regulations in a number of jurisdictions across the company's global operations and are subject to many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the final outcome of tax matters could be different than the estimates reflected in the historical income tax provision and related accruals. such differences could have a material impact on income tax expense and net income in the periods in which such determinations are made.
the amount of income tax paid by the company is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. these audits can result in additional assessments, including interest and penalties. the company's estimate for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions is highly judgmental and actual future outcomes may result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the company's estimated tax liabilities, including estimates for uncertain tax positions, in the period the assessments are made or resolved, audits are closed or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. as a result, the company's effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly or annual basis.
the company allocates a portion of its purchase price to goodwill and intangible assets. impairment charges associated with goodwill are generally not tax-deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the period the impairment is recorded. the company has recorded significant deferred tax liabilities related to acquired intangible assets that are not deductible for tax purposes. these deferred tax liabilities are based on future statutory tax rates in the locations in which the intangible assets are recorded. any future changes in statutory tax rates would be recorded as an adjustment to the deferred tax liabilities in the period the change is announced, and could have a material impact on the company's effective tax rate during that period.
changes in tax law. the company's operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the united states and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. a change in the tax law in the jurisdictions in which the company does business, including an increase in tax rates, an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, or a decrease in tax rates in a jurisdiction in which the company has significant deferred tax assets, could result in a material increase in tax expense. currently, a substantial portion of the company's revenue is generated from customers located outside the united states, and a substantial portion of assets are located outside the united states. changes in existing taxation rules or practices, new taxation rules, or varying interpretations of current taxation practices could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or the manner in which the company conducts its business.
the u.s. government's enactment of comprehensive tax legislation, commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act, could cause management to divert time from the day-to-day operations of the company, which could impact the company's business. if the company is unable to successfully transition its business systems, processes and internal controls, it could impact the ability to meet financial reporting deadlines.
the company has significant operations in india. there have been court rulings concerning certain indian tax laws that have been inconsistent with tax positions taken by the company and inconsistent with the advice provided to the company by its tax advisors.
17
an indian subsidiary of the company has several service tax audits pending that have resulted in formal inquiries being received on transactions through mid-2012. the company could incur tax charges and related liabilities of approximately $7.5 million. the service tax issues raised in the company's notices and inquiries are very similar to the case, m/s microsoft corporation (i) (p) ltd. vs commissioner of service tax, new delhi, wherein the delhi customs, excise and service tax appellate tribunal (cestat) has passed a favorable ruling to microsoft. the company can provide no assurances on whether the microsoft case's favorable ruling will be challenged in higher courts or on the impact that the present microsoft case's decision will have on the company's cases. the company is uncertain as to when these service tax matters will be concluded.
other court cases are pending in india that could have a material impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows if the ultimate outcome of those cases is similarly inconsistent with tax positions taken by the company.
a french subsidiary of the company previously received notice that the french taxing authority rejected the company's 2012 research and development credit. the company contested the decision and received a favorable outcome during the first half of 2017. there are currently no challenges to other years' research and development credits for this subsidiary; however, other years are subject to future review and audit.
changes in existing financial accounting standards. changes in existing accounting rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements, or varying interpretations of current accounting pronouncements could have a significant adverse effect on the company's results of operations or the manner in which the company conducts its business.
in addition, the company could incur significant costs for changes to its business systems, processes and internal controls as a result of the transition. these costs could have a significant adverse impact on the company's results of operations and cash flows. the transition could also cause management to divert time from the day-to-day operations of the company, which could impact the company's business. if the company is unable to successfully transition its business systems, processes and internal controls before the guidance effective date, it could impact the ability to meet financial reporting deadlines. for further information on the impact of recently issued accounting guidance on the company, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the company's gaap results for the year ended december 31, 2017 reflect growth in revenue of 10.8% and operating income of 3.9% while diluted earnings per share was comparable to the year ended december 31, 2016. the company experienced higher revenue in 2017 across all classes of revenue, including license revenue, maintenance and services. the company also experienced increased operating expenses primarily due to increased personnel costs, costs associated with workforce realignment activities and higher stock-based compensation. the company's effective tax rate increased significantly in 2017 as a result of charges associated with the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act.
the company's non-gaap results for the year ended december 31, 2017 reflect growth in revenue of 11.1%, operating income of 9.7% and diluted earnings per share of 10.5% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the non-gaap results exclude the income statement effects of the acquisition accounting adjustment to deferred revenue, stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring charges, transaction costs related to business combinations and the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act. for further disclosure regarding non-gaap results, see the section titled "non-gaap results" immediately preceding the section titled "liquidity and capital resources."
the company incurred $11.7 million in restructuring charges, or $7.9 million net of tax, during the year ended december 31, 2017. the company completed the workforce realignment activities associated with these charges. these charges are excluded from the company's non-gaap results.
the company's comparative financial results were impacted by fluctuations in the u.s. dollar during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the impacts on the company's revenue and operating income due to currency fluctuations are reflected in the table below.
the amounts in the table represent the difference between the actual 2017 results and the same results calculated at the 2016 exchange rates. amounts below indicate a net favorable impact from currency fluctuations.
year ended december 31, 2017
(in thousands)     gaap                        non-gaap revenue            $5,394                      $5,403
operating income   $3,501                      $3,560
in constant currency(1), the company's growth rates were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2017
gaap                         non-gaap revenue            10.3    %                10.5   %
operating income   2.9     %                 8.9   %
(1) constant currency amounts exclude the effect of foreign currency fluctuations on the reported results. to present this information, the results for 2017 for entities whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar were converted to u.s. dollars at rates that were in effect for 2016, rather than the actual exchange rates in effect for 2017.
the company's financial position includes $881.8 million in cash and short-term investments, and working capital of $661.7 million as of december 31, 2017.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company repurchased 2.8 million shares for $336.0 million at an average price of $122.20 per share under the company's stock repurchase program.
business on august 29, 2016, the board of directors (the board) of the company appointed dr. ajei s. gopal, a member of the board, as president and chief operating officer of the company, effective as of such date. in addition, effective as of january 1, 2017, dr. gopal assumed the role of chief executive officer of the company and mr. james e. cashman iii, who was the chief executive officer of the company as of december 31, 2016, became chairman of the board. in connection therewith, ronald w. hovsepian, the chairman of the board as of december 31, 2016, became the board's lead independent director.
24
ansys, a delaware corporation formed in 1994, develops and globally markets engineering simulation software and services widely used by engineers, designers, researchers and students across a broad spectrum of industries and academia, including aerospace and defense, automotive, electronics, semiconductors, energy, materials and chemical processing, turbomachinery, consumer products, healthcare, and sports. headquartered south of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, the company and its subsidiaries employed approximately 2,900 people as of december 31, 2017. the company focuses on the development of open and flexible solutions that enable users to analyze designs directly on the desktop, providing a common platform for fast, efficient and cost-conscious product development, from design concept to final-stage testing and validation. the company distributes its ansys suite of simulation technologies through a global network of independent resellers and distributors (collectively, channel partners) and direct sales offices in strategic, global locations. it is the company's intention to continue to maintain this hybrid sales and distribution model.
the company licenses its technology to businesses, educational institutions and governmental agencies. growth in the company's revenue is affected by the strength of global economies, general business conditions, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer budgetary constraints and the competitive position of the company's products. please see item 1a. risk factors for a complete discussion of factors that might impact the company's financial condition and operating results. the company believes that the features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of its software products are as strong as they have ever been. however, the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles. these long sales cycles increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. the company makes many operational and strategic decisions based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts that are impacted not only by these long sales cycles, but also by current global economic conditions. as a result, the company believes that its overall performance is best measured by fiscal year results rather than by quarterly results. please see the sub-section entitled "sales forecasts" under item 1a. risk factors for a complete discussion of the potential impact of the company's sales forecasts on the company's financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
the company's management considers the competition and price pressure that it faces in the short- and long-term by focusing on expanding the breadth, depth, ease of use and quality of the technologies, features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of its software products as compared to its competitors; investing in research and development to develop new and innovative products and increase the capabilities of its existing products; supplying new products and services; focusing on customer needs, training, consulting and support; and enhancing its distribution channels. from time to time, the company also considers acquisitions to supplement its global engineering talent, product offerings and distribution channels.
geographic trends the following table presents the company's geographic constant currency revenue growth during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016:
year ended december 31, 2017
north america             13.1   %
europe                     7.5   %
asia-pacific               9.4   %
total                     10.3   %
in north america, the company's performance was primarily driven by the aerospace and defense, electronics, semiconductors and automotive industries. the performance within aerospace and defense continued to be driven by major and strategic accounts, growing demand from the commercial space sector and increased u.s. defense spending. the electronics industry continued to benefit from the placement of software into a wide range of smart, connected products. the automotive manufacturers maintained their strong investments in developing advanced technologies for autonomous, electric and smart, connected vehicles. the renewable energy sector remained strong as energy companies continued their investment initiatives and commodity prices improved.
while revenue growth in europe showed improvement, it continued to lag the other regions. sales leadership in the region remained focused on building the sales pipeline and finalizing initiatives to update the company's go-to-market strategy. europe demonstrated similar trends as north america except that the commodity recovery has not been fully realized. additionally, the indirect channel grew faster than the direct business, helping to bolster the overall growth rate in the region.
the results in asia-pacific were driven by the aerospace and defense, electronics, automotive and industrial equipment sectors. the region continued to benefit from investment in domestic development programs, particularly in china and india. the indirect channel performance was especially strong in this region and contributed to the growth rate even more significantly than in europe.
25
the company continues to focus on a number of sales improvement activities across the geographic regions, including sales hiring, pipeline building, productivity initiatives and customer engagement activities.
note about forward-looking statements the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap). the preparation of these financial statements requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its estimates, including those related to fair values of stock awards, bad debts, contract revenue, acquired deferred revenue, the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, deferred compensation, income taxes, uncertain tax positions, tax valuation reserves, useful lives for depreciation and amortization, and contingencies and litigation. the company bases its estimates on historical experience, market experience, estimated future cash flows and various other assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, including, but not limited to, the following statements, as well as statements that contain such words as "anticipates," "intends," "believes," "plans" and other similar expressions:
   the company's intentions regarding its hybrid sales and distribution model.
   the company's intentions related to investments in research and development, particularly as it relates to expanding the ease of use and capabilities of its broad portfolio of simulation software products.
   the company's expectations regarding the accelerated development of new and innovative products to the marketplace while lowering design and engineering costs for customers as a result of the company's acquisitions.
   the company's statements regarding the impact of global economic conditions.
   the company's expectations regarding the outcome of its service tax audit cases.
   the company's belief that, in most geographical locations, its facilities allow for sufficient space to support present and future foreseeable needs, including such expansion and growth as the business may require.
   the company's expectation that it can renew existing facility leases as they expire or find alternative facilities without difficulty, as needed.
   the company's assessment of the ultimate liabilities arising from various investigations, claims and legal proceedings.
   the company's statement regarding the strength of the features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of its software products.
   the company's belief that its overall performance is best measured by fiscal-year results rather than by quarterly results.
   the company's expectations regarding the adverse impact on license and maintenance revenue growth in the near term due to an increased customer preference for time-based licenses.
   the company's estimates regarding the expected impact on reported revenue related to the acquisition accounting treatment of deferred revenue.
   the company's expectation that it will continue to make targeted investments in its global sales and marketing organizations and its global business infrastructure to enhance and support its revenue-generating activities.
   the company's intention to repatriate previously taxed earnings and to reinvest all other earnings of its non-u.s. subsidiaries.
   the company's plans related to future capital spending.
26
   the sufficiency of existing cash and cash equivalent balances to meet future working capital and capital expenditure requirements.
   the company's belief that the best uses of its excess cash are to invest in the business and repurchase stock in order to both offset dilution and return capital, in excess of its requirements, to stockholders with the goal of increasing stockholder value.
   the company's intentions related to investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies.
   the company's expectation that changes in currency exchange rates will affect the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
   the company's expectations regarding future claims related to indemnification obligations.
   the company's estimates regarding total compensation expense associated with granted stock-based awards for future years.
   the company's expectations regarding the impacts of new accounting guidance.
   the company's expectations regarding the impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act.
   the company's assessment of its ability to realize deferred tax assets.
forward-looking statements should not be unduly relied upon because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the company's control. the company's actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. certain factors that might cause such a difference include risks and uncertainties detailed in item 1a. risk factors.
acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 the company completed various acquisitions to expand its customer base and accelerate the development of new and innovative products to the marketplace while lowering design and engineering costs for customers. the acquisitions were not individually significant. the combined purchase prices of the acquisitions purchased during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $67.0 million, $10.3 million and $49.7 million, respectively.
for further information on the company's business combinations, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
27
results of operations for purposes of the following discussion and analysis, the table below sets forth certain consolidated financial data for the years 2017, 2016 and 2015. the operating results of the company's acquisitions have been included in the results of operations since their respective acquisition dates.
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                        2017                   2016                                     2015
revenue:
software licenses                            $624,964                $568,174                $555,105
maintenance and service                       470,286                 420,291                 387,648
total revenue                               1,095,250                 988,465                 942,753
cost of sales:
software licenses                              34,421                  28,860                  29,105
amortization                                   36,794                  38,092                  38,755
maintenance and service                        78,949                  79,908                  79,386
total cost of sales                           150,164                 146,860                 147,246
gross profit                                  945,086                 841,605                 795,507
operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative           338,640                 269,515                 253,603
research and development                      202,746                 183,093                 168,831
amortization                                   12,972                  12,755                  19,394
total operating expenses                      554,358                 465,363                 441,828
operating income                              390,728                 376,242                 353,679
interest income                                 6,962                   4,209                   2,829
other (expense) income, net                    (1,996    )               (136    )                257
income before income tax provision            395,694                 380,315                 356,765
income tax provision                          136,443                 114,679                 104,244
net income                                   $259,251                $265,636                $252,521
28
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
revenue:
year ended december 31,                       change
(in thousands, except percentages)                  2017   2016                                amount         %
revenue:
lease licenses                            $376,886                  $340,331             $36,555           10.7
perpetual licenses                         248,078                   227,843              20,235            8.9
software licenses                          624,964                   568,174              56,790           10.0
maintenance                                440,428                   394,745              45,683           11.6
service                                     29,858                    25,546               4,312           16.9
maintenance and service                    470,286                   420,291              49,995           11.9
total revenue                           $1,095,250                  $988,465            $106,785           10.8
the company's revenue increased 10.8% (10.3% in constant currency) during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the growth rate was favorably impacted by the company's continued investment in its global sales, support and marketing organizations. lease license revenue increased 10.7% as compared to the prior year. perpetual license revenue, which is derived primarily from new sales, increased 8.9% as compared to the prior year. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, along with maintenance contracts sold with new perpetual licenses in previous years, contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 11.6%. service revenue, primarily composed of consulting projects, increased 16.9%.
with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2017, the u.s. dollar was 1.0% weaker, when measured against the company's primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2016. the table below presents the impacts of currency fluctuations on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017. amounts in brackets indicate a net adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
(in thousands)          year ended december 31, 2017
euro                              $6,634
south korean won                   1,439
taiwan dollar                        886
indian rupee                         838
japanese yen                      (3,416           )
british pound                     (1,316           )
other                                329
total                             $5,394
the weaker u.s. dollar also resulted in increased operating income of $3.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.
a substantial portion of the company's license and maintenance revenue is derived from annual lease and maintenance contracts. these contracts are generally renewed on an annual basis and typically have a high rate of customer renewal. in addition to the recurring revenue base associated with these contracts, a majority of customers purchasing new perpetual licenses also purchase related annual maintenance contracts. as a result of the significant recurring revenue base, the company's license and maintenance revenue growth rate in any period does not necessarily correlate to the growth rate of new license and maintenance contracts sold during that period. to the extent the rate of customer renewal for lease and maintenance contracts is high, incremental lease contracts, and maintenance contracts sold with new perpetual licenses, will result in license and maintenance revenue growth in constant currency. conversely, if the rate of renewal for these contracts is adversely affected by economic or other factors, the company's license and maintenance growth will be adversely affected over the term that the revenue for those contracts would have otherwise been recognized.
the company is starting to experience an increased interest by some of its larger customers in enterprise agreements that often include longer-term, time-based licenses involving a larger number of the company's software products. while these arrangements typically involve a higher overall transaction price, the revenue from these contracts has been typically deferred
29
under asc 605 and recognized over the period of the contract, resulting in increased deferred revenue and backlog. under asc 606, which is effective on january 1, 2018, the license component of these arrangements will be recognized up-front, resulting in increased volatility in the company's reporting of quarterly and annual revenue. the company is similarly experiencing a shifting preference from perpetual licenses to time-based licenses across a broader spectrum of its customers, particularly in the more mature geographic markets, such as the u.s. and japan. to the extent this shift continues or becomes more prevalent, the result could be a near-term adverse impact on software license and maintenance revenue growth.
international and domestic revenues, as a percentage of total revenue, were 61.9% and 38.1%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2017, and 62.8% and 37.2%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2016. the company derived 24.8% and 24.4% of its total revenue through the indirect sales channel for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of the company's recent acquisitions as of their respective acquisition dates, the company applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to its historical carrying amount. as a result, the company's post-acquisition revenue will be less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by ansys and each acquiree absent the acquisitions. the impacts on reported revenue for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 were $2.9 million and $0.1 million, respectively.
cost of sales and gross profit:
the table below reflects the company's operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. amounts included in the discussion that follows are provided in constant currency. the impact, where material, of foreign exchange translation on each expense line is provided separately.
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                             2016                                           change
(in thousands, except percentages)             amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue                 amount               %
cost of sales:
software licenses                        $34,421                     3.1            $28,860                     2.9            $5,561             19.3
amortization                              36,794                     3.4             38,092                     3.9            (1,298    )        (3.4   )
maintenance and service                   78,949                     7.2             79,908                     8.1              (959    )        (1.2   )
total cost of sales                      150,164                    13.7            146,860                    14.9             3,304              2.2
gross profit                            $945,086                    86.3           $841,605                    85.1          $103,481             12.3
software licenses: the increase in the cost of software licenses was primarily due to the following:
   increased third-party royalties of $2.9 million.
   increased salaries and other headcount-related costs of $1.6 million.
   increased restructuring costs of $0.6 million.
amortization: the decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a net decrease in the amortization of acquired technology, partially offset by an increase in the amortization of trade names.
maintenance and service: the net decrease in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
   decreased salaries and other headcount-related costs of $4.0 million, primarily due to a redeployment of technical personnel resources to pre-sales activities.
   decreased depreciation and facility costs, each of $0.6 million.
   increased third-party technical support of $2.1 million.
   increased restructuring costs of $1.7 million.
   increased stock-based compensation of $1.0 million.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue, partially offset by the increase in the related cost of sales.
30
operating expenses:
the table below reflects the company's operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. amounts included in the discussion that follows are provided in constant currency. the impact, where material, of foreign exchange translation on each expense line is provided separately.
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                              2016                                  change
(in thousands, except percentages)              amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue               amount         %
operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative      $338,640                    30.9           $269,515                    27.3         $69,125           25.6
research and development                  202,746                    18.5            183,093                    18.5          19,653           10.7
amortization                               12,972                     1.2             12,755                     1.3             217            1.7
total operating expenses                 $554,358                    50.6           $465,363                    47.1         $88,995           19.1
selling, general and administrative: the increase in selling, general and administrative costs was primarily due to the following:
   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $42.1 million.
   increased stock-based compensation of $14.8 million.
   increased consulting costs of $7.3 million.
the company anticipates that it will continue to make targeted investments in its global sales and marketing organizations and its global business infrastructure to enhance and support its revenue-generating activities.
research and development: the increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $9.6 million.
   increased restructuring costs of $6.5 million.
   increased stock-based compensation of $3.8 million.
the company has traditionally invested significant resources in research and development activities and intends to continue to make investments in expanding the ease of use and capabilities of its broad portfolio of simulation software products.
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $7.0 million as compared to $4.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. interest income increased as a result of an increase in both the company's average invested cash balances and the average rate of return on those balances.
other expense, net: the company's other expense consists of the following:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                         2017              2016
foreign currency (losses) gains, net   $(1,935     )                 $77
other                                  (61         )                (213     )
total other expense, net               $(1,996     )               $(136     )
income tax provision: the company recorded income tax expense of $136.4 million and had income before income taxes of $395.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, representing an effective tax rate of 34.5%. during the year ended december 31, 2016, the company recorded income tax expense of $114.7 million and had income before income taxes of $380.3 million, representing an effective tax rate of 30.2%.
31
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (tax reform). tax reform makes broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries (transition tax); (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) creating a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income (gilti) which allows for the possibility of using foreign tax credits (ftcs) and a deduction of up to 50 percent to offset the income tax liability (subject to some limitations); (5) repealing the domestic production activity deduction; (6) creating the base erosion anti-abuse tax, a new minimum tax; (7) allowing for full expensing of qualified property through bonus depreciation; and (8) creating limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation.
the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin (sab) 118, which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects of tax reform. sab 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from enactment for companies to complete the accounting under asc 740, income taxes. in accordance with sab 118, a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of tax reform for which the accounting under asc 740 is complete in the financial statements. to the extent that a company's accounting for certain income tax effects of tax reform is incomplete, but a reasonable estimate is able to be made, the company must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. if a company cannot determine a provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements, it should continue to apply asc 740 on the basis of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of tax reform.
in connection with the company's initial analysis of the impact of tax reform, a discrete net tax expense of $17.9 million was recorded in the period ending december 31, 2017, primarily consisting of $1.9 million for the revaluation of net deferred tax assets and $16.0 million for the transition tax. in addition to the $17.9 million charge, the company would have recognized a $4.8 million benefit in the fourth quarter related to foreign earnings repatriation, but this benefit was eliminated due to tax reform. as further discussed below, the company was able to complete final or provisional calculations for certain elements of tax reform and the amounts and estimates are included in the financial statements. for other elements, the company was not able to make reasonable estimates and therefore those elements have not been recorded and are accounted for in accordance with asc 740 on the basis of the tax laws in effect before tax reform.
the company's accounting for the impact of the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate on the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities is complete. tax reform reduces the corporate tax rate to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. consequently, the company has recorded a net adjustment to deferred income tax expense of $1.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 to revalue the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities. the lower statutory rate of 21% will have a favorable impact on the company's effective tax rate in future years.
the company's accounting for the transition tax is incomplete. however, reasonable estimates of certain effects were able to be calculated and, therefore, a provisional adjustment was recorded. the transition tax is a tax on the deemed repatriation of previously untaxed accumulated current earnings and profits (e&p) of certain foreign subsidiaries. to determine the amount of the transition tax, the company must determine, in addition to other factors, the amount of post-1986 e&p of the relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-u.s. income taxes paid on such earnings. the company was able to make a reasonable estimate of the transition tax and recorded a provisional transition tax expense of $16.0 million. however, the company will continue to gather additional information to more precisely compute the final amount. the company plans to elect to pay this liability over eight years and has recorded $14.5 million of the obligation in other long-term liabilities, with the balance recorded to accrued income taxes.
the company's accounting for the indefinite reinvestment assertion is incomplete. however, a reasonable estimate of book and tax basis was calculated, and the company made a provisional assertion. in general, it is the practice and intention of the company to repatriate previously taxed earnings and to reinvest all other earnings of its non-u.s. subsidiaries. as part of tax reform, the company incurred u.s. tax on substantially all of the earnings of its non-u.s. subsidiaries as part of the transition tax. this tax increased the company's previously taxed earnings and will allow for the repatriation of the majority of its foreign earnings without any residual u.s. federal tax. the company does not believe that there is an excess of the financial reporting basis over the tax basis of investments in foreign subsidiaries. accordingly, any repatriation in excess of previously taxed earnings will be a non-taxable return of basis. this assertion is subject to change as additional information is gathered to precisely compute the book and tax basis of the company's non-u.s. subsidiaries.
the company's accounting for gilti is incomplete, and reasonable estimates of the effects are not able to be made. therefore, no provisional adjustments were recorded. tax reform creates a new requirement that gilti earned by controlled foreign corporations (cfcs) must be included currently in the gross income of the cfcs' u.s. shareholder. gilti is the excess of the shareholder's "net cfc tested income" over the net deemed tangible income return which is currently defined as the excess of (1) 10 percent of the aggregate of the u.s. shareholder's pro rata share of the qualified business asset investment of each cfc over (2) the amount of certain interest expense taken into account in the determination of net cfc-tested income.
32
due to the complexity of the new gilti tax rules, the company is continuing to evaluate this provision of tax reform and the application of asc 740. under u.s. gaap, the company is allowed to make an accounting policy choice of either (1) treating taxes due on future u.s. inclusions in taxable income related to gilti as a current-period expense when incurred (the "period cost method") or (2) factoring such amounts into the company's measurement of its deferred taxes (the "deferred method"). the company's selection of an accounting policy with respect to the new gilti tax rules will depend, in part, on analyzing global income to determine whether future u.s. inclusions in taxable income related to gilti are expected and, if so, the expected impact. whether the company expects to have future u.s. inclusions in taxable income related to gilti depends not only on the current structure and estimated future results of global operations, but also on the company's intent and ability to modify the structure and/or the business. the company is not yet able to reasonably estimate the effect of this provision of tax reform and therefore has not made any adjustments related to potential gilti tax in the financial statements. in addition, the company has not made the accounting policy decision regarding whether to record deferred taxes on gilti or expense taxes as incurred on gilti.
the increase in the effective tax rate from the prior year is primarily due to tax charges of $17.9 million related to tax reform, partially offset by increased tax benefits of $13.1 million related to stock-based compensation in 2017. in addition, the 2016 effective tax rate was reduced by entity structuring and related repatriation benefits of $10.8 million that did not recur in 2017. in the first quarter of 2017, the company adopted asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, which requires excess tax benefits and deficiencies related to stock-based compensation to be reflected in the income statement as a component of the provision for income taxes. previously, these tax effects were reflected in stockholders' equity.
when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 were favorably impacted by the domestic manufacturing deduction and research and development credits. the rates were also favorably impacted by the recurring item of lower statutory tax rates in many of the company's foreign jurisdictions.
net income: the company's net income for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $259.3 million as compared to net income of $265.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. diluted earnings per share was $2.98 for the year ended december 31, 2017 and $2.99 for the year ended december 31, 2016. the weighted average shares used in computing diluted earnings per share were 86.9 million and 89.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
33
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
revenue:
year ended december 31,                           change
(in thousands, except percentages)                2016   2015                              amount               %
revenue:
lease licenses                          $340,331                  $316,367           $23,964              7.6
perpetual licenses                       227,843                   238,738           (10,895    )        (4.6   )
software licenses                        568,174                   555,105            13,069              2.4
maintenance                              394,745                   364,591            30,154              8.3
service                                   25,546                    23,057             2,489             10.8
maintenance and service                  420,291                   387,648            32,643              8.4
total revenue                           $988,465                  $942,753           $45,712              4.8
the company's revenue increased 4.8% during the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, while revenue grew 5.1% in constant currency. the growth rate was favorably impacted by the company's continued investment in its global sales, support and marketing organizations and was adversely impacted by a recent shift in the licensing preference of certain customers from perpetual licenses to lease licenses. lease license revenue increased 7.6% as compared to the prior year. perpetual license revenue, which is derived primarily from new sales, decreased 4.6% as compared to the prior year. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, along with maintenance contracts sold with new perpetual licenses in previous years, contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 8.3%.
with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2016, the u.s. dollar was 0.5% stronger, when measured against the company's primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2015. the table below presents the impacts of currency fluctuations on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2016. amounts in brackets indicate a net adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
(in thousands)          year ended december 31, 2016
euro                             $(5,595           )
british pound                     (3,935           )
south korean won                  (1,720           )
indian rupee                        (941           )
japanese yen                      10,360
other                               (416           )
total                            $(2,247           )
the net overall stronger u.s. dollar also resulted in increased operating income of $0.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
international and domestic revenues, as a percentage of total revenue, were 62.8% and 37.2%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2016, and 62.4% and 37.6%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2015. the company derived 24.4% and 24.2% of its total revenue through the indirect sales channel for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of the company's acquisitions as of their respective acquisition dates, the company applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to its historical carrying amount. as a result, the company's post-acquisition revenue is less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by ansys and each acquiree absent the acquisitions. the impacts on reported revenue for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were $0.1 million and $1.7 million, respectively.
34
cost of sales and gross profit:
the table below reflects the company's operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. amounts included in the discussion that follows are provided in constant currency. the impact, where material, of foreign exchange translation on each expense line is provided separately.
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                         2015                                    change
(in thousands, except percentages)             amount           % of                  amount           % of               amount              %
revenue                                revenue cost of sales:
software licenses                        $28,860                 2.9            $29,105                 3.1           $(245    )       (0.8   )
amortization                              38,092                 3.9             38,755                 4.1            (663    )       (1.7   )
maintenance and service                   79,908                 8.1             79,386                 8.4             522             0.7
total cost of sales                      146,860                14.9            147,246                15.6            (386    )       (0.3   )
gross profit                            $841,605                85.1           $795,507                84.4         $46,098             5.8
software licenses: contributing to the minimal change in costs of software were the following two offsetting factors:
   decreased salaries and other headcount-related costs of $1.2 million, primarily due to a decrease in headcount.
   increased third-party royalties of $1.2 million.
amortization: the net decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a net decrease in the amortization of acquired technology, partially offset by a net increase in the amortization of trade names.
maintenance and service: the net increase in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
   net increase in salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $3.5 million.
   increased it-related maintenance and software hosting costs of $0.5 million.
   decreased depreciation and severance costs, each of $0.7 million.
   decreased facility costs of $0.4 million.
   cost reduction related to foreign exchange translation of $0.4 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
   decreased business travel and stock-based compensation, each of $0.3 million.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue and decrease in related cost of sales.
35
operating expenses:
the table below reflects the company's operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. amounts included in the discussion that follows are provided in constant currency. the impact, where material, of foreign exchange translation on each expense line is provided separately.
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                              2015                                         change
(in thousands, except percentages)              amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue               amount               %
operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative      $269,515                    27.3           $253,603                    26.9         $15,912              6.3
research and development                  183,093                    18.5            168,831                    17.9          14,262              8.4
amortization                               12,755                     1.3             19,394                     2.1          (6,639    )       (34.2   )
total operating expenses                 $465,363                    47.1           $441,828                    46.9         $23,535              5.3
selling, general and administrative: the increase in selling, general and administrative costs was primarily due to the following:
   $4.7 million of costs associated with an employment-related settlement agreement.
   increased severance costs of $3.2 million.
   net increase in salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $2.1 million.
   increased it-related maintenance and software hosting costs of $2.1 million.
   increased government charges and taxes of $1.4 million.
   increased marketing costs of $1.2 million.
research and development: the net increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $10.6 million.
   increased it-related maintenance and software hosting costs of $2.1 million.
   increased stock-based compensation of $0.9 million.
   cost reduction due to foreign exchange translation of $1.6 million.
amortization: the decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a decrease in the amortization of acquired customer lists that became fully amortized.
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $4.2 million as compared to $2.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. interest income increased as a result of an increase in both the company's average invested cash balances and the average rate of return on those balances.
other (expense) income, net: the company's other (expense) income consists of the following:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                 2016   2015
foreign currency gains, net               $77                    $486
other                                    (213     )              (229     )
total other (expense) income, net       $(136     )              $257
income tax provision: the company recorded income tax expense of $114.7 million and had income before income taxes of $380.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, representing an effective tax rate of 30.2%. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company recorded income tax expense of $104.2 million and had income before income taxes of $356.8 million, representing an effective tax rate of 29.2%.
36
the increase in the effective tax rate from the prior year is primarily due to tax benefits related to the merger of the company's japan subsidiaries in 2010 recognized in 2015 that did not recur in 2016, partially offset by tax benefits from restructuring activities in 2016. when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were favorably impacted by the domestic manufacturing deduction and research and development credits. the quarterly benefit of approximately $3.1 million associated with the merger of the company's japan subsidiaries was fully amortized in the third quarter of 2015. there will be no additional ongoing benefit from this transaction. the rates were also favorably impacted by the recurring item of lower statutory tax rates in many of the company's foreign jurisdictions.
net income: the company's net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $265.6 million as compared to net income of $252.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. diluted earnings per share was $2.99 for the year ended december 31, 2016 and $2.76 for the year ended december 31, 2015. the weighted average shares used in computing diluted earnings per share were 89.0 million and 91.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
37
non-gaap results the company provides non-gaap revenue, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share as supplemental measures to gaap regarding the company's operational performance. these financial measures exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with gaap. a detailed explanation and a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to its most comparable gaap financial measure are described below.
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                   2016
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)            asreported           adjustments               non-gaapresults              asreported           adjustments               non-gaapresults total revenue                                              $1,095,250                $2,856         (1)      $1,098,106                  $988,465                  $103         (4)        $988,568
operating income                                              390,728               118,567         (2)         509,295                   376,242                88,114         (5)         464,356
operating profit margin                                          35.7     %                                        46.4       %              38.1     %                                        47.0       %
net income                                                   $259,251               $88,663         (3)        $347,914                  $265,636               $57,286         (6)        $322,922
earnings per share - diluted:
earnings per share                                              $2.98                                             $4.01                     $2.99                                             $3.63
weighted average shares                                        86,854                                            86,854                    88,969                                            88,969
(1)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(2)   amount represents $53.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, $49.8 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $11.7 million of restructuring charges, $1.1 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations and the $2.9 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (1) above.
(3)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (2) above, decreased for the related income tax impact of $52.5 million, excluding the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act, and rabbi trust income of $0.1 million, and increased for total net impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act of $22.7 million.
(4)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(5)   amount represents $50.8 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $33.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, $3.4 million of restructuring charges, $0.4 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations and the $0.1 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (4) above.
(6)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (5) above, adjusted for the related income tax impact of $30.8 million.
38
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                                                                                                     2015
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)                 as           adjustments                 non-gaap                     as           adjustments                 non-gaap reported                                        results               reported                                        results total revenue                                              $988,465                 $103         (1)      $988,568               $942,753               $1,725         (4)      $944,478
operating income                                            376,242               88,114         (2)       464,356                353,679               94,665         (5)       448,344
operating profit margin                                        38.1    %                                      47.0    %              37.5    %                                      47.5    %
net income                                                 $265,636              $57,286         (3)      $322,922               $252,521              $60,854         (6)      $313,375
earnings per share - diluted:
earnings per share                                            $2.99                                          $3.63                  $2.76                                          $3.42
weighted average shares                                      88,969                                         88,969                 91,502                                         91,502
(1)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(2)   amount represents $50.8 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $33.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, the $0.1 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (1) above, $3.4 million of restructuring charges and $0.4 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations.
(3)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (2) above, adjusted for the related income tax impact of $30.8 million.
(4)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(5)   amount represents $58.1 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $34.0 million of stock-based compensation expense, the $1.7 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (4) above and $0.8 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations.
(6)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (5) above, adjusted for the related income tax impact of $33.8 million.
non-gaap measures management uses non-gaap financial measures (a) to evaluate the company's historical and prospective financial performance as well as its performance relative to its competitors, (b) to set internal sales targets and spending budgets, (c) to allocate resources, (d) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, (e) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures and (f) as an important factor in determining variable compensation for management and its employees. in addition, many financial analysts that follow the company focus on and publish both historical results and future projections based on non-gaap financial measures. the company believes that it is in the best interest of its investors to provide this information to analysts so that they accurately report the non-gaap financial information. moreover, investors have historically requested and the company has historically reported these non-gaap financial measures as a means of providing consistent and comparable information with past reports of financial results.
while management believes that these non-gaap financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors, there are limitations associated with the use of these non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with gaap, are not reported by all of the company's competitors and may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of the company's competitors due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation. the company compensates for these limitations by using these non-gaap financial measures as supplements to gaap financial measures and by reviewing the reconciliations of the non-gaap financial measures to their most comparable gaap financial measures.
39
the adjustments to these non-gaap financial measures, and the basis for such adjustments, are outlined below:
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue and its related tax impact. historically, the company has consummated acquisitions in order to support its strategic and other business objectives. in accordance with the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, acquired deferred revenue is often recorded on the opening balance sheet at an amount that is lower than the historical carrying value. although this acquisition accounting requirement has no impact on the company's business or cash flow, it adversely impacts the company's reported gaap revenue in the reporting periods following an acquisition. in order to provide investors with financial information that facilitates comparison of both historical and future results, the company provides non-gaap financial measures which exclude the impact of the acquisition accounting adjustment. the company believes that this non-gaap financial adjustment is useful to investors because it allows investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare past and future reports of financial results of the company as the revenue reduction related to acquired deferred revenue will not recur when related annual lease licenses and software maintenance contracts are renewed in future periods.
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions and its related tax impact. the company incurs amortization of intangible assets, included in its gaap presentation of amortization expense, related to various acquisitions it has made. management excludes these expenses and their related tax impact for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company because these costs are fixed at the time of an acquisition, are then amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition and generally cannot be changed or influenced by management after the acquisition. accordingly, management does not consider these expenses for purposes of evaluating the performance of the company during the applicable time period after the acquisition, and it excludes such expenses when making decisions to allocate resources. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare past reports of financial results of the company as the company has historically reported these non-gaap financial measures.
stock-based compensation expense and its related tax impact. the company incurs expense related to stock-based compensation included in its gaap presentation of cost of software licenses; cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense; and selling, general and administrative expense. stock-based compensation expense (benefit) incurred in connection with the company's deferred compensation plan held in a rabbi trust includes an offsetting benefit (charge) recorded in other income (expense). although stock-based compensation is an expense of the company and viewed as a form of compensation, management excludes these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company. management similarly excludes income (expense) related to assets held in a rabbi trust in connection with the company's deferred compensation plan. specifically, the company excludes stock-based compensation and income related to assets held in the deferred compensation plan rabbi trust during its annual budgeting process and its quarterly and annual assessments of the company's and management's performance. the annual budgeting process is the primary mechanism whereby the company allocates resources to various initiatives and operational requirements. additionally, the annual review by the board of directors during which it compares the company's historical business model and profitability to the planned business model and profitability for the forthcoming year excludes the impact of stock-based compensation. in evaluating the performance of senior management and department managers, charges related to stock-based compensation are excluded from expenditure and profitability results. in fact, the company records stock-based compensation expense into a stand-alone cost center for which no single operational manager is responsible or accountable. in this way, management is able to review, on a period-to-period basis, each manager's performance and assess financial discipline over operational expenditures without the effect of stock-based compensation. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the company's operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by management to review the company's operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in the company's financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
restructuring charges and the related tax impact. the company occasionally incurs expenses for restructuring its workforce included in its gaap presentation of cost of software licenses; cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense; and selling, general and administrative expense. management excludes these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company, as it generally does not incur these expenses as a part of its operations. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the company's operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by management to review the company's operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in the company's financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
40
transaction costs related to business combinations. the company incurs expenses for professional services rendered in connection with business combinations, which are included in its gaap presentation of research and development expense and selling, general and administrative expense. these expenses are generally not tax-deductible. management excludes these acquisition-related transaction expenses, derived from closed acquisitions, for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company, as it generally would not have otherwise incurred these expenses in the periods presented as a part of its operations. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the company's operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by management to review the company's operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in the company's financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
tax cuts and jobs act. the company recorded charges in its income tax provision related to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, including charges for the transition tax related to unrepatriated cash and the impacts of the tax rate change on net deferred tax assets. in addition, the company was not able to realize a tax benefit related to foreign earnings repatriation due to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act. management excludes these charges and the unrealized benefit for the purpose of calculating non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company, as (i) the charges are not expected to recur as part of its normal operations and (ii) both the charges and unrealized tax benefit resulted from the extremely infrequent event of major u.s. tax reform, the last such reform having occurred in 1986. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the company's operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by management to review the company's operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in the company's financial reporting.
non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. the company's non-gaap financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable gaap financial measures, and should be read only in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company has provided a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures as listed below:
gaap reporting measure       non-gaap reporting measure revenue                      non-gaap revenue operating income             non-gaap operating income operating profit margin      non-gaap operating profit margin net income                   non-gaap net income diluted earnings per share   non-gaap diluted earnings per share
41
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31,   change
(in thousands, except percentages)                  2017                   2016                    amount               %
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments          $881,787                $822,860        $58,927            7.2
working capital                                            $661,713                $630,301        $31,412            5.0
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments such as money market funds and deposits held at major banks. short-term investments consist primarily of deposits held by certain foreign subsidiaries of the company with original maturities of three months to one year. the following table presents the company's foreign and domestic holdings of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
as of december 31,
(in thousands, except percentages)              2017        % of total   2016                       % of total domestic                                $561,417                  63.7          $593,348                  72.1
foreign                                  320,370                  36.3           229,512                  27.9
total                                   $881,787                                $822,860
in general, it is the practice and intention of the company to repatriate previously taxed earnings and to reinvest all other earnings of its non-u.s. subsidiaries. as part of the tax cuts and jobs act enacted in the united states in 2017, the company incurred u.s. tax on substantially all of the earnings of its non-u.s. subsidiaries. the company recorded a provisional adjustment for the transition tax. this tax increased the company's previously taxed earnings and will allow for the repatriation of the majority of its foreign earnings without any residual u.s. federal tax. the company does not believe that there is an excess of the financial reporting basis over the tax basis of investments in foreign subsidiaries. accordingly, any repatriation in excess of previously taxed earnings will be a non-taxable return of basis.
the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries is subject to translation adjustments caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of each respective reporting period, the offset to which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the company's consolidated balance sheet.
cash flows from operating activities year ended december 31,                                       change
(in thousands)                              2017                   2016                    2015                         2017 vs. 2016      2016 vs. 2015
net cash provided by operating activities          $430,438                $365,980                $375,699            $64,458             $(9,719       )
fiscal year 2017 as compared to fiscal year 2016
net cash provided by operating activities increased during the current fiscal year due to increased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $46.5 million and increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $17.9 million.
fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015
net cash provided by operating activities decreased during the prior fiscal year due to decreased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $19.0 million, partially offset by increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $9.3 million. the company experienced an increase in net tax payments of $8.5 million in 2016 as compared to 2015 as 2016 benefited less from prior year overpayments.
42
cash flows from investing activities year ended december 31,                                            change
(in thousands)                          2017                   2016                    2015                    2017 vs. 2016                2016 vs. 2015
net cash used in investing activities       $(97,443      )         $(32,173      )         $(62,032      )    $(65,270      )             $29,859
fiscal year 2017 as compared to fiscal year 2016
net cash used in investing activities increased during the current fiscal year due to increased acquisition-related net cash outlays of $56.0 million and increased capital expenditures of $6.7 million. the company currently plans capital spending of $22 million to $27 million during fiscal year 2018 as compared to the $19.1 million that was spent in 2017. the level of spending will be dependent upon various factors, including growth of the business and general economic conditions.
fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015
net cash used in investing activities decreased during the prior fiscal year due to decreased acquisition-related net cash outlays of $38.2 million and decreased capital expenditures of $3.7 million, partially offset by increased net cash outlays of $12.1 million for other investing activities.
cash flows from financing activities:
year ended december 31,                                            change
(in thousands)                          2017                   2016                    2015                    2017 vs. 2016                2016 vs. 2015
net cash used in financing activities       $(294,651     )         $(288,630     )         $(299,927     )    $(6,021       )             $11,297
fiscal year 2017 as compared to fiscal year 2016
net cash used in financing activities increased during the current fiscal year due primarily to increased restricted stock withholding taxes paid in lieu of issued shares of $6.1 million.
fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015
net cash used in financing activities decreased during the prior fiscal year due primarily to increased proceeds from shares issued for stock-based compensation of $10.2 million.
other cash flow information the company believes that existing cash and cash equivalent balances of $881.5 million, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet the company's working capital and capital expenditure requirements through the next twelve months. the company's cash requirements in the future may also be financed through additional equity or debt financings. there can be no assurance that such financings can be obtained on favorable terms, if at all.
under the company's stock repurchase program, the company repurchased shares as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)               2017   2016                    2015
number of shares repurchased                  2,750                   3,700                   3,833
average price paid per share                $122.20                  $90.90                  $88.16
total cost                                 $336,042                $336,335                $337,910
in february 2018, the company's board of directors increased the number of shares authorized for repurchase to a total of 5.0 million shares under the stock repurchase program. as of december 31, 2017, 2.8 million shares remained available for repurchase under the program.
43
the company continues to generate positive cash flows from operating activities and believes that the best uses of its excess cash are to invest in the business and repurchase stock in order to both offset dilution and return capital, in excess of its requirements, to stockholders with the goal of increasing stockholder value. additionally, the company has in the past, and expects in the future, to acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies. any future acquisitions may be funded by available cash and investments, cash generated from operations, credit facilities, or the issuance of additional securities.
off-balance-sheet arrangements the company does not have any special-purpose entities or off-balance-sheet financing.
44
contractual obligations the company's significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 are summarized below:
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                                                                     total            within 1 year           2 - 3 years           4 - 5 years       after 5 years global headquarters operating lease(1)                                                       $36,581                $4,278                 $8,742                $8,928             $14,633
other operating leases(2)                                                                     30,064                10,884                 12,112                 5,802             1,266
unconditional purchase obligations(3)                                                         51,930                22,408                 24,977                 4,545             -
obligations related to uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties(4)   2                    2                                    -                     -             -
other long-term obligations(5)                                                                31,432                 5,064                  7,101                 4,345             14,922
total contractual obligations                                                               $150,009               $42,636                $52,932               $23,620             $30,821
(1)   the company previously entered into a lease agreement for 186,000 square feet of rentable space located in an office facility in canonsburg, pennsylvania, which serves as the company's headquarters. the term of the lease is 183 months, beginning on october 1, 2014 and expiring on december 31, 2029. the company has a one-time right to terminate the lease effective upon the last day of the tenth full year following the date of possession (december 31, 2024) by providing the landlord with at least 18 months' prior written notice of such termination.
(2)   other operating leases primarily include noncancellable lease commitments for the company's other domestic and international offices as well as certain operating equipment.
(3)   unconditional purchase obligations primarily include royalties, software licenses and long-term purchase contracts for network, communication and office maintenance services, which are unrecorded as of december 31, 2017.
(4)   the company has $24.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including estimated interest and penalties, that have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with income tax accounting guidance for which the company is uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. as a result, such amounts are excluded from the table above.
(5)   other long-term obligations primarily include federal transition tax related to tax reform of $15.7 million, post-employment benefits, including pension obligations, of $8.1 million for certain foreign locations of the company and deferred compensation of $3.3 million (including estimated imputed interest of $87,000 within 1 year). these amounts include the related current portions when applicable.
45
critical accounting policies and estimates the company believes that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition:  revenue is derived principally from the licensing of computer software products and from related maintenance contracts. revenue from perpetual licenses is classified as license revenue and is recognized upon delivery of the licensed product and the utility that enables the customer to access authorization keys, provided that acceptance has occurred and a signed contractual obligation has been received, the price is fixed and determinable, and collectibility of the receivable is probable. the company determines the fair value of post-contract customer support (pcs) sold together with perpetual licenses based on the rate charged for pcs when sold separately. revenue from pcs contracts is classified as maintenance and service revenue and is recognized ratably over the term of the contract.
revenue for software lease licenses is classified as license revenue and is recognized over the period of the lease contract. typically, the company's software leases include pcs which, due to the short term (principally one year or less) of the company's software lease licenses, is not separated from lease revenue for accounting purposes. both the lease licenses and pcs are recognized ratably over the lease period. the company includes the revenue for the entire lease arrangement within software license revenue in the consolidated statements of income.
many of the company's semiconductor products are typically licensed via longer term leases of 24-36 months. the company recognizes revenue for these licenses over the term of the lease contract. because the company does not have vendor-specific objective evidence of the fair value of these leases, the company also recognizes revenue from perpetual licenses over the term of the lease contract during the infrequent occurrence of these licenses being sold with semiconductor leases in multiple-element arrangements.
revenue from training, support and other services is recognized as the services are performed. the company applies the specific performance method to contracts in which the service consists of a single act, such as providing a training class to a customer, and the proportional performance method to other service contracts that are longer in duration and often include multiple acts (for example, both training and consulting). in applying the proportional performance method, the company typically utilizes output-based estimates for services with contractual billing arrangements that are not based on time and materials, and estimates output based on the total tasks completed as compared to the total tasks required for each work contract. input-based estimates are utilized for services that involve general consultations with contractual billing arrangements based on time and materials, utilizing direct labor as the input measure.
the company also executes arrangements through independent channel partners in which the channel partners are authorized to market and distribute the company's software products to end users of the company's products and services in specified territories. in sales facilitated by channel partners, the channel partner bears the risk of collection from the end-user customer. the company recognizes revenue from transactions with channel partners when the channel partner submits a written purchase commitment, collectibility from the channel partner is probable, a license agreement signed by the end-user customer is received and delivery has occurred, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. revenue from channel partner transactions is the amount remitted to the company by the channel partners. this amount includes a fee for pcs that is compensation for providing technical enhancements and the second level of technical support to the end user, which is based on the rate charged for pcs when sold separately, and is recognized over the period that pcs is to be provided. the company does not offer right of return, product rotation or price protection to any of its channel partners.
non-income-related taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as accounts receivable and accrued expenses. the collection and payment of these amounts are reported on a net basis in the consolidated statements of income and do not impact reported revenues or expenses.
the company warrants to its customers that its software will substantially perform as specified in the company's current user manuals. the company has not experienced significant claims related to software warranties beyond the scope of maintenance support, which the company is already obligated to provide. consequently, the company has not established reserves for warranty obligations.
the company's agreements with its customers generally require it to indemnify the customer against claims that the company's software infringes third-party patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights. such indemnification obligations are generally limited in a variety of industry-standard respects, including the company's right to replace an infringing product. as of december 31, 2017, the company had not experienced any losses related to these indemnification obligations and no claims with respect thereto were outstanding. the company does not expect significant claims related to these indemnification obligations, and, consequently, the company has not established any related reserves.
46
allowance for doubtful accounts:  the company makes judgments as to its ability to collect outstanding receivables and provides allowances for a portion of receivables when collection becomes doubtful. provisions are made based upon a specific review of all significant outstanding invoices from both value and delinquency perspectives. for those invoices not specifically reviewed, provisions are provided at differing rates based upon the age of the receivable and the geographic area of origin. in determining these percentages, the company considers its historical collection experience and current economic trends in the customer's industry and geographic region. if the historical data used to calculate the allowance for doubtful accounts does not reflect the future ability to collect outstanding receivables, additional provisions for doubtful accounts may be needed and future results of operations could be materially affected.
income taxes: the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of the enactment date.
the company records net deferred tax assets to the extent it believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. in making such determination, the company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. in the event the company determines that it will be able to realize deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was used to reduce their carrying value, the adjustment to the valuation allowance will be recorded as a reduction to the provision for income taxes.
tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more-likely-than-not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed their examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. the company recognizes interest and penalties related to income taxes within the income tax expense line in the consolidated statements of income. accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets: the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually by performing a quantitative assessment of whether the fair value of each reporting unit or asset exceeds its carrying amount. goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested at the individual asset level. this requires the company to assess and make judgments regarding a variety of factors which impact the fair value of the reporting unit or asset being tested, including business plans, anticipated future cash flows, economic projections and other market data. because there are inherent uncertainties involved in these factors, significant differences between these estimates and actual results could result in future impairment charges and could materially impact the company's future financial results. during the first quarter of 2017, the company completed the annual impairment test for goodwill and the indefinite-lived intangible asset and determined that these assets had not been impaired as of the test date, january 1, 2017. no other events or circumstances changed during the year ended december 31, 2017 that would indicate that the fair values of the company's reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are below their carrying values.
contingencies: the company is involved in various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. the company reviews the status of these matters, assesses its financial exposure and records a related accrual if the potential loss from an investigation, claim or legal proceeding is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. significant judgment is involved in the determination of probability and in the determination of whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. as a result of the uncertainties involved in making these estimates, the company may have to revise its estimates as facts and circumstances change. the revision of these estimates could have a material impact on the company's financial position and results of operations.
stock-based compensation: the company grants restricted stock units and other stock awards to employees and directors under the company's stock option and grant plan. eligible employees can also purchase shares of the company's common stock at a discount under the company's employee stock purchase plan. the benefits provided under these plans are share-based payments subject to the provisions of share-based payment accounting guidance. the company uses the fair value method to apply the provisions of share-based payment accounting guidance. stock-based compensation expense for 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $53.2 million, $33.3 million and $34.0 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2017, total unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to unvested stock options and awards granted prior to that date was $107.7 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years.
47
the value of each stock option award was estimated on the date of grant, or date of acquisition for options issued in a business combination, using the black-scholes option pricing model (black-scholes model). the determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards using an option pricing model is affected by the company's stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. these variables include the company's expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rates and expected dividends. the table below presents the weighted-average input assumptions used and resulting fair values for options granted or issued in business combinations during each respective year. the stock-based compensation expense for options is recorded ratably over the requisite service period. the interest rate assumptions were determined by using the five-year u.s. treasury note yield on the date of grant or date of acquisition. the company did not grant stock option awards during 2017.
year ended december 31,
2016                  2015
risk-free interest rate                      1.19% to 1.93%             1.18% to 1.65%
expected dividend yield                                  -%                         -%
expected volatility                                     24%                        25%
expected term                                     5.7 years                  5.6 years weighted-average fair value per share                $23.96                     $30.83
the company issues various restricted stock awards which contain a market condition, a performance condition, a service condition, or any combination of the three. restricted stock awards are valued based on the grant-date fair value of the award. stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the employee's requisite service period for awards with only a service condition. for awards with a performance condition, stock-based compensation expense is recorded from the service inception date through the conclusion of the measurement period based on management's estimates concerning the probability of vesting.
vesting of restricted stock awards with a market condition is based on the company's performance as measured by total shareholder return relative to the appreciation of a specified stock index over the measurement period, subject to each participant's continued employment with the company through the conclusion of the measurement period. the fair value of the restricted stock awards with a market condition is estimated using a monte carlo simulation model. the determination of the fair value of the awards is affected by the grant date and a number of variables, each of which has been identified in the chart below for awards granted during each respective period. share-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award is being recorded from the grant date through the conclusion of the measurement period.
year ended december 31, assumptions used in monte carlo lattice pricing model        2017               2016               2015
risk-free interest rate                                      1.5%               1.0%               1.1%
expected dividend yield                                        -%                 -%                 -%
expected volatility-ansys stock price                         19%                21%                23%
expected volatility-nasdaq composite index                    15%                16%                14%
expected term                                           2.8 years          2.8 years          2.8 years correlation factor                                           0.70               0.65               0.60
weighted-average fair value per share                     $120.94             $78.71             $81.61
the company also grants deferred stock awards to non-affiliate independent directors, which are rights to receive shares of common stock upon termination of service as a director. in 2015 and prior, the deferred stock awards were issued quarterly in arrears and vested immediately upon grant. starting in 2016, the company issued the deferred stock awards immediately, but the awards vest in full on the one-year anniversary of the grant.
to the extent the company changes the terms of its stock-based compensation programs, experiences market volatility in the pricing of its common stock that increases the implied volatility assumption used in the black-scholes model, refines different assumptions, or assumes stock awards from acquired companies that are different in nature than the company's stock award arrangements, among other potential impacts, the stock-based compensation expense recorded in future periods and the related tax benefits may differ significantly from what was recorded in previous reporting periods. the company accounts for forfeitures of stock-based awards as they occur.
estimates of stock-based compensation expense are significant to the company's financial statements, but this expense is partially based on the aforementioned option valuation and monte carlo simulation models and will never result in the payment of cash by the company. for this reason, and because the company does not view stock-based compensation as related to its
48
operational performance, the board of directors and management exclude stock-based compensation expense when evaluating the company's underlying business performance.
recent accounting guidance for information regarding recent accounting guidance and its impact on the company's consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
49
