item 1a. risk factors because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, our past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate our results or trends in future periods. you should carefully consider the trends, risks and uncertainties described below and other information in this form 10-k and subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the securities and exchange commission (the "sec") before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following trends, risks or uncertainties actually occurs or continues, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.
we are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. if law enforcement agencies do not continue to purchase and use our products, our revenues will be adversely affected.
at any point, due to external factors and opinions. whether or not not related to product performance, law enforcement agencies may elect to no longer purchase our cews or other products we substantially depend on sales of our taser x26p and x2 cews, and if these products do not continue to be widely accepted, our growth prospects will be diminished.
in the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we derived our revenues predominantly from sales of taser cew brand devices and related cartridges, and expect to depend on sales of these products for a predominant portion of our revenue fo the foreseeable future. we are seeing a large number of customers upgrade their devices to the x2 or the new x26p device. this is a trend we expect to continue. a decrease in the selling prices of, or demand for these products, or their failure to maintain broad market acceptance, would significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition.
the success of our evidence.com software as a service ("saas") delivery model is materially dependent on acceptance of this business model by our law enforcement customers. delayed or lengthy time to adoption by law enforcement agencies will negatively impact our sales and profitability.
a substantial number of law enforcement agencies may be slow to adopt our evidence.com digital data evidence management and storage solution, requiring extended periods of trial and evaluation. the hosted service delivery business model is not presently widely adopted by our law enforcement customer base. as such, the sales cycle has additional complexity with the need to educate our customers and address issues regarding agency bandwidth requirements, data retention policies, data security and chain of evidence custody. delays in successfully securing widespread adoption of evidence.com services could adversely affect our revenues, profitability and financial condition.
if we are unable to design, introduce and sell new products or new product features successfully, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.
our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. the development of new products and new product features is complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. we cannot provide any assurance that products that we may develop in the future will achieve market acceptance. if we fail to develop new products or new product features on a timely basis that achieve market acceptance, our business, financial results and competitive position could be adversely affected.
delays in product development schedules may adversely affect our revenues and cash flows.
the development of cews, devices, sensors and software is a complex and time-consuming process. new products and enhancements to existing products can require long development and testing periods. our increasing focus on our saas platform also presents new and complex development issues. significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
we face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products.
the technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. while we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our cew, axon device and saas technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
13
defects in our products could reduce demand for our products and result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance and damage to our reputation.
complex components and assemblies used in our products may contain undetected defects that are subsequently discovered at any point in the life of the product. defects in our products could result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance and damage to our reputation and increased warranty costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
if our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to customers' data or our data, our network, data centers and service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities.
our service involves the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of information or the total deletion of all stored customer data, litigation and possible liability. we devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated, and we require out third-party service providers to do so as well. despite these efforts, security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. breaches could occur during transfer of data to data centers or at any time, and result in unauthorized access to our data or our customers' data. third-parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our data or our customers' data. additionally, hackers may develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack or gain access to our networks and data centers. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. moreover, our security measures and/or those of our third party service providers and/or customers may not detect such security breaches if they occur. any security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, damage our reputation, lead to legal liability, negatively impact our future sales and significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition.
interruptions or delays in service from our third-party cloud storage providers for our evidence.com service, or the loss or corruption of digitally stored evidence, would impair the delivery of our service and harm our business.
we currently serve our evidence.com customers from third-party cloud storage providers based in the u.s. and other countries. interruptions in our service, or loss or corruption of digital evidence, may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable.
most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may delay or prevent sales.
most of our end-user customers are government agencies. these agencies often do not set their own budgets and therefore, have limited control over the amount of money they can spend. in addition, these agencies experience political pressure that may dictate the manner in which they spend money. as a result, even if an agency wants to acquire our products, it may be unable to purchase them due to budgetary or political constraints, particularly in challenging economic environments. there can be no assurance that the economic and budgeting issues will not worsen and adversely impact sales of our products. some government agency orders may also be canceled or substantially delayed due to budgetary, political or other scheduling delays, which frequently occur in connection with the acquisition of products by such agencies, and such cancellations may accelerate or be more severe than we have experienced historically.
we expend significant resources in anticipation of a sale due to our lengthy sales cycle and may receive no revenue in return.
generally, law enforcement and corrections agencies consider a wide range of issues before committing to purchase our products, including product benefits, training costs, the cost to use our products in addition to, or in place of, other products, budget constraints and product reliability, safety and efficacy. the length of our sales cycle may range from a few weeks to as long as several years. adverse publicity surrounding our products or the safety of such products has in the past, and could in the future, lengthen our sales cycle with customers. in the past, we believe that the company's sales were adversely impacted by negative publicity surrounding our products or the use of our products. see, for example, "litigation - product litigation" in note 9 of our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report. we may incur substantial selling costs and expend significant effort in connection with the evaluation of our products by potential customers before they place an order. if these potential customers do not purchase our products, we will have expended significant resources and received no revenue in return.
14
due to municipal government funding rules, certain of our contracts are subject to appropriation, termination for convenience, or similar cancellation clauses, which could allow our customers to cancel or not exercise options to renew contracts in the future.
although axon has entered into contracts for the delivery of products and services in the future and anticipates the contracts will be completed, if agencies do not appropriate money in future year budgets, terminate contracts for convenience or if other cancellation clauses are invoked, revenue associated with these bookings will not ultimately be recognized, and could result in a reduction to bookings.
an increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from subscription billing arrangements which may result in delayed cash collections and may increase customer credit risk on receivables a growing portion of our sales are derived from subscription billing arrangements and on an open credit basis. while we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition, if we become aware of information related to the creditworthiness of a major customer, or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we may have to adjust our allowance for doubtful accounts, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results.
changes in civil forfeiture laws may affect our customers' ability to purchase our products some of our customers use funds seized through civil forfeiture proceedings to fund the purchase of our products.  changes in state legislatures could impact our customers' ability to seize funds or use seized funds to fund purchases. changes in civil forfeiture statutes or regulations are outside of our control and could limit the amount of funds available to our customers, which could adversely affect the sale of our products.
saas revenue for evidence.com is recognized over the terms of the contracts, which may be several years, and, as such, trends in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
our saas service revenue is generally recognized ratably over the terms of the contracts, which generally range from one to five years. as a result, most of the saas revenue we report each quarter is the result of agreements entered into during previous quarters. consequently, current positive or negative trends in this portion of our business may not be fully reflected in our revenue results for several periods.
we utilize multiple third-party cloud-based storage providers to host the axon evidence.com platform.
utilizing and administering multiple cloud-based storage providers may result in duplication of efforts and resources, increased cost structure, and organization complexities. these complexities and additional costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results.
we may face personal injury, wrongful death and other liability claims that harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales and financial condition.
our cew products are often used in aggressive confrontations that may result in serious, permanent bodily injury or death to those involved. our cew products may be associated with these injuries. a person, or the family members of a person, injured in a confrontation or otherwise in connection with the use of our products, may bring legal action against us to recover damages on the basis of theories including wrongful death, personal injury, negligent design, defective product or inadequate warning. we are currently subject to a number of such lawsuits and we have been subject to significant adverse judgments and settlements. we may also be subject to lawsuits involving allegations of misuse of our products. if successful, wrongful death, personal injury, misuse and other claims could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could result in negative publicity about our products. although we carry product liability insurance, we do incur significant legal expenses within our self-insured retention in defending these lawsuits and significant litigation could also result in a diversion of management's attention and resources, negative publicity and a potential award of monetary damages in excess of our insurance coverage. the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that our existing or any future litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.
15
other litigation may subject us to significant litigation costs and judgments and divert management attention from our business.
we have been or could in the future be involved in numerous other litigation matters relating to our products, contracts and business relationships, including litigation against persons whom we believe have infringed on our intellectual property, infringement litigation filed against the company, litigation against a competitor and litigation filed by a former distributor against the company. such matters have resulted, and are expected to continue to result in, substantial costs to us, including in the form of attorney's fees and costs, damages, fines or other penalties, whether pursuant to a judgment or settlement, and diversion of our management's attention, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. there is also a risk of adverse judgments, as the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain.
if we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose our competitive advantage or incur substantial litigation costs to protect our rights. we may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which could cause us to incur litigation costs and divert management attention from our business.
our future success depends upon our proprietary technology. our protective measures, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret protection, and internet identity registrations, may prove inadequate to protect our proprietary rights and market advantage. the right to stop others from misusing our trademarks and service marks in commerce depends, to some extent, on our ability to show evidence of enforcement of our rights against such misuse in commerce. our efforts to stop improper use, if insufficient, may lead to loss of trademark and service mark rights, brand loyalty and notoriety among our customers and prospective customers. the scope of any patent to which we have or may obtain rights may not prevent others from developing and selling competing products. the validity and breadth of claims covered in technology patents involve complex legal and factual questions, and the resolution of such claims may be highly uncertain, lengthy and expensive. in addition, our patents may be held invalid upon challenge, or others may claim rights in or ownership of our patents. moreover, we are subject to litigation with parties that claim, among other matters, that we infringed their patents or other intellectual property rights. the defense and prosecution of patent and other intellectual property claims are both costly and time consuming, divert our management's attention from our business and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, and financial position and operating results.
if our products were found to infringe a third-party's proprietary rights, we could be forced to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements in order to be able to sell our products or discontinue use of the protected technology. such royalty and licensing agreements may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. we could also be required to pay substantial  damages, fines or other penalties, indemnify customers or distributors, cease the manufacture, use, or sale of infringing  products or processes, and/or expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing technologies. there is no guarantee that our use of conventional technology searching and brand clearance searching will identify all potential rights holders. rights holders may demand payment for past infringements and/or force us to accept costly license terms or discontinue use of protected technology and/or works of authorship that may include, for example, photos, videos, and software. our current research and development focus on developing software-based products increases this risk.
in foreign countries, we can enforce patent rights only in the jurisdictions in which our patent applications have been granted.
our u.s. patents protect us from imported infringing products coming into the u.s. from abroad. we have made applications for patents in a few foreign countries; however, these may be inadequate to protect markets for our products in other foreign countries. each foreign patent is examined and granted according to the law of the country where it was filed independent of whether a u.s. patent on similar technology was granted. a patent in a foreign country may be subject to cancellation if the claimed invention has not been sold in that country. meeting the requirements of working invention differs by country and ranges from sales in the country to manufacturing in the country. u.s. export law, or the laws of some foreign countries, may prohibit us from satisfying the requirements for working the invention, creating a risk that some of our foreign patents may become unenforceable.
government regulations applied to our cew products may affect our markets for and sales of these products.
we rely on the opinions of the u.s. bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, including the determination that a device that has projectiles propelled by the release of compressed gas in place of the expanding gases from ignited gunpowder, are not classified as firearms. changes in statutes, regulations, and interpretation outside of our control may result in our products being classified or reclassified as firearms. our private citizen market could be substantially reduced if consumers are required to obtain a registration to own a firearm prior to purchasing our products.
federal regulation of sales in the u.s.: our cews are not firearms regulated by the u.s. bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, but our consumer products are regulated by the u.s. consumer product safety commission. although there are currently no federal laws restricting sales of our core cew products in the u.s., future federal regulation could adversely affect sales of our products.
16
federal regulation of international sales: our cew devices are considered a "crime control" product by the u.s. department of commerce ("doc") for export directly from the u.s. consequently, we must obtain an export license from the doc for the export of our cew devices from the u.s. other than to canada. in addition, certain of our camera and software products require classifications from the doc before they may be shipped internationally. our inability to obtain doc export licenses or classifications on a timely basis for sales of our products to our international customers could significantly and adversely affect our international sales.
state and local regulation: our cew devices are controlled, restricted or their use prohibited by a number of state and local governments. our cew devices are banned from private citizen purchase or use by statute in five states: hawaii, massachusetts, new york, and rhode island, as well as in the district of columbia. some cities and municipalities also prohibit private citizen possession or use of our cew products. other jurisdictions may ban or restrict the sale of our cew products and our product sales may be significantly affected by additional state, county and city governmental regulation.
foreign regulation: certain foreign jurisdictions prohibit, restrict, or require a permit for the importation, sale, possession or use of cews, including in some countries by law enforcement agencies, limiting our international sales opportunities.
our cew products are also subject to regulation by testing, safety and other standard organizations (e.g. ansi, iec, nist).
our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
our international operations are significant, and we plan to continue to grow internationally by acquiring existing entities or setting up new legal entities in new markets. in certain international markets, we have limited operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. in addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following:
•   restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the u.s.
•   import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent us from offering products or providing services to a particular market or obtaining necessary parts and components to manufacture products, which may lead to decreased sales and may increase our operating costs.
•   longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.
•   uncertainty regarding liability for products and services, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.
•   different employee/employer relationships, existence of workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.
additionally, changes in international local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions may adversely harm our business and compliance with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. these numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include, among others, internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
environmental laws and regulations subject us to a number of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs.
we are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including restricting the presence of certain substances in our products and making producers for those products financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and disposal. environmental legislation within the european union ("eu") may increase our cost of doing business internationally and impact our revenues from eu countries as we comply with and implement these requirements.
the eu has published directives on the restriction of certain hazardous substances in electronic and electrical equipment (the "rohs directive") and on electronic and electrical waste management (the "weee directive"). the rohs directive restricts the use of a number of substances, including lead. the weee directive directs members of the eu to enact laws, regulations, and administrative provisions to ensure that producers of electric and electronic equipment are financially responsible for the collection, recycling, treatment and environmentally responsible disposal of certain products sold into the eu. in addition, similar
17
environmental legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including the u.s. (under federal and state laws) and other countries, the cumulative impact of which could be significant.
we continue to monitor the impact of specific registration and compliance activities required by the rohs and weee directives. we endeavor to comply with applicable environmental laws, yet compliance with such laws could increase our operations and product costs, increase the complexities of product design, procurement, and manufacturing, limit our ability to manage excess and obsolete non-compliant inventory, limit our sales activities, and impact our future financial results. any violation of these laws can subject us to significant liability, including fines, penalties, and prohibiting sales of our products into one or more states or countries, and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
regulations related to voice, data and communications services may impact our ability to sell our products.
the radio spectrum is required to provide wireless voice, data and video communications services. the allocation of spectrum is regulated in the u.s. and other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. in the u.s., the federal communications commission ("fcc") regulates spectrum use by non-federal entities and federal entities. similarly, countries around the world have one or more regulatory bodies that define and implement the rules for use of radio spectrum and electromagnetic interference, pursuant to their respective national laws. we manufacture and market products in spectrum bands already made available by regulatory bodies. consequently, our results could be positively or negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted from time to time by the fcc or regulatory agencies in other countries. regulatory changes in current spectrum bands may also provide opportunities or may require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed. if current products do not comply with the regulations set forth by these governing bodies, we may be unable to sell our products or could incur penalties, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
regulations related to conflict minerals may force us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chain more complex and may result in damage to our reputation with customers.
the u.s. securities and exchange commission ("sec") has enacted disclosure requirements for companies that use certain minerals and metals, known as "conflict minerals," in their products, whether or not these products are manufactured by third-parties. these requirements require companies to perform due diligence, disclose and report whether or not such minerals originate from the democratic republic of congo and adjoining countries. we have incurred and will likely continue to incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals and metals used in our products. in addition, these new requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in our products. because our supply chain is complex, we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins for these minerals and metals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. in such an event, we may also face difficulties in satisfying customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as conflict-free.
our dependence on third-party suppliers for key components of our devices could delay shipment of our products and reduce our sales.
we depend on certain domestic and foreign suppliers for the delivery of components used in the assembly of our products. our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. specifically, we depend on suppliers of sub-assemblies, machined parts, injection molded plastic parts, printed circuit boards, custom wire fabrications and other miscellaneous customer parts for our products. we do not have long-term agreements with any of our suppliers and there is no guarantee that supply will not be interrupted. due to changes imposed for imports of foreign products into the u.s., as well as potential port closures and delays created by terrorist attacks or threats, public health issues, national disasters or work stoppages, we are exposed to risk of delays caused by freight carriers or customs clearance issues for our imported parts. any interruption of supply for any material components of our products could significantly delay the shipment of our products and have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and financial condition.
component shortages could result in our inability to produce at a volume to adequately meet customer demand, which could result in a loss of sales, delay in deliveries and injury to our reputation.
single or sole-source components used in the manufacture of our products may become unavailable or discontinued. delays caused by industry allocations or obsolescence may take weeks or months to resolve. in some cases, parts obsolescence may require a product re-design to ensure quality replacement components. these delays could cause significant delays in manufacturing and loss of sales, leading to adverse effects significantly impacting our financial condition or results of operations and injure our reputation.
18
we may experience a decline in gross margins due to rising raw material and transportation costs associated with a future increase in petroleum prices.
a significant number of our raw materials are comprised of petroleum-based products, or incur some form of landed cost associated with transporting the raw materials or components to our facility. a significant rise in oil prices could adversely impact our ability to sustain current gross margins by increasing component pricing and transportation costs.
we may experience a decline in gross margins due to a shift in product sales from cews to axon devices which may continue to carry a lower gross margin.
we continue to invest in the growth of the software and sensors segment, and this expected growth may result in a higher percentage of total revenues being comprised of software and sensors products and services. gross margin as a percentage of net sales for the software and sensors segment is currently lower than that of the taser weapons segment, and may continue to be lower in the future.
to the extent demand for our products increases, our future success will be dependent upon our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity, which may be accomplished by the implementation of customized manufacturing automation equipment.
to the extent demand for our products increases significantly in future periods, one of our key challenges will be to increase our production capacity to meet sales demand while maintaining product quality. our primary strategies to accomplish this include introducing additional shifts, increasing the physical size of our assembly facilities, the hiring of additional production staff, and the implementation of additional customized automation equipment. the investments we make in this equipment may not yield the anticipated labor and material efficiencies. our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, financial results and financial condition.
our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through distributors and direct sales and our inability to recruit new distributors or increase direct sales would negatively affect our sales.
our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. in addition, our arrangements with our distributors are generally short-term. we are also focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner could adversely affect our sales. if we do not competitively price our products, meet the requirements of our distributors or end-users, provide adequate marketing support, or comply with the terms of our distribution arrangements, our distributors may fail to aggressively market our products or may terminate their relationships with us. these developments would likely have a material adverse effect on our sales. our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow and operating results.
the increased focus on direct sales compared to sales through distribution is dependent on our ability to sell into the states or foreign jurisdictions that have established distributor relationships.
in certain states and foreign jurisdictions we have decided to pursue sales directly with law enforcement customers, rather than working through established distribution channels. our customers may have strong working relationships with distributors and we may face resistance to this change. if we do not overcome this resistance and effectively build a direct relationship with our customers, sales may be adversely affected.
acquisitions and joint ventures may have an adverse effect on our business.
we may consider additional acquisitions or joint ventures as part of our long-term business strategy. these transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, or that we experience difficulty in the integration or coordination of new employees, business systems, and technology, or there is a diversion of management's attention from our other businesses. these events could harm our operating results, financial condition or cash flows.
19
if our goodwill or indefinite-lived assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
we test goodwill for impairment at least annually. if such goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are deemed to be impaired, an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be recognized. we review our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. events which might indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, declines in stock price market capitalization or cash flows, adverse cost factors, deteriorating financial performance, strategic decisions made in response to economic, market and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on us and our customer base, and/or relevant events such as changes in management, key personnel, litigation or customers.
we may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is determined, which would negatively affect our results of operations.
catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
a disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, failure to contain hazardous materials, industrial accident, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results as well as expose us to claims, litigation and governmental investigations and fines.
the company's financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the u.s. dollar versus local currencies.
for current and potential foreign customers whose contracts are denominated in u.s. dollars, the relative change in currency values creates fluctuations in our product pricing. these changes in foreign end-user costs may result in lost orders and reduce the competitiveness of our products in certain foreign markets.
for non-u.s. dollar denominated sales, weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar generally leads us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. should we decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the dollar's strengthening, or at all, the u.s. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings would be adversely affected. we do not currently engage in hedging activities. fluctuations in foreign currency could result in a change in the u.s. dollar value of our foreign denominated assets and liabilities including accounts receivable. therefore, the u.s. dollar equivalent collected on a given sale could be less than the amount invoiced causing the sale to be less profitable than contemplated.
we also import selected components which are used in the manufacturing of some of our products. although our purchase orders are generally in u.s. dollars, weakness in the u.s. dollar could lead to price increases for the components.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities may impact our operating results we are subject to income taxes in the united states and various jurisdictions outside of the united states. our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in excess tax benefits related to exercises and vesting of stock-based expense, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them and the applicability of withholding taxes.
we are subject to tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions. while we regularly evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or change in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.
our tax provision could also be impacted by changes in federal, state or international tax laws including fundamental tax law changes applicable to corporate multinationals.
additionally, we may be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income taxes resulting from changes in federal, state or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, changes to the business operations, including acquisitions, as well as the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period.
20
the enactment of tax reform legislation, including legislation implementing changes in taxation of international business activities, could materially impact our financial position and results of operations.
legislation or other changes in the tax laws could increase our liability and adversely affect our after-tax profitability. for example, the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted in the united states on december 22, 2017. the tax cuts and jobs act could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax expenses and net deferred tax assets. the tax cuts and jobs act reduces the u.s. corporate statutory tax rate, eliminates or limits deduction of several expenses which were previously deductible, imposes a mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed historic earnings of foreign subsidiaries, requires a minimum tax on earnings generated by foreign subsidiaries and permits a tax-free repatriation of foreign earnings through a dividends received deduction. we are evaluating the overall impact of the tax cuts and jobs act on our effective tax rate and balance sheet, but expect that the impact may be significant for fiscal year 2018 and future periods.
we maintain most of our cash balances, some of which are not insured, at four depository institutions.
we maintain the majority of its cash and cash equivalents accounts at four depository institutions. as of december 31, 2017, the aggregate balances in such accounts were $53.4 million. the company's balances with these institutions regularly exceed federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured limits for domestic deposits and various deposit insurance programs covering our deposits in the netherlands, the united kingdom, australia and germany.
we could suffer losses with respect to the uninsured balances if the depositary institutions failed and the institution's assets were insufficient to cover its deposits and/or the governments did not take actions to support deposits in excess of existing insurance limits. any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales and technical personnel.
our success depends upon the continued service of our key management personnel. our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified technical personnel. although we have employment agreements with certain of our officers and other members of our execute management team, the employment of such persons is "at-will" and either we or the employee can terminate the employment relationship at any time, subject to the applicable terms of the employment agreements. the competition for our key employees is intense. the loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we are highly dependent on the services of patrick w. smith, our chief executive officer.
we are highly dependent on the services of patrick w. smith, our founder and chief executive officer. our future success depends upon our ability to retain executive officers, specifically mr. smith, and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements.
although we have concluded that our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017, present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations, financial position, and cash flows of our company and its subsidiaries in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, we have identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the monitoring controls of the company's subsidiary, axon public safety u.k. ltd. under standards established by the public company accounting oversight board, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. see item 9a, "controls and procedures."
we have initiated remedial measures, but if our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements, and we could be required to restate our financial results. in addition, if we are unable to successfully remediate this material weakness and if we are unable to produce accurate and timely financial statements, it could adversely impact our business and our stock price.
21
risks related to ownership of our common stock the trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. in addition to the factors discussed in this annual report on form 10-k, the trading price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results;
•   the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections;
•   actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;
•   investor sentiment with respect to our competitors, our business partners, and our industry in general;
•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;
•   announcements by us or estimates by third-parties of actual or anticipated changes in the size of our user base, addressable market or the effectiveness of our products;
•   changes in operation performance and stock market valuations of technology companies in our industries, including our developers and competitors;
•   price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;
•   media coverage of our business and financial performance;
•   lawsuits threatened or filed against us;
•   developments in anticipated or new legislation and pending lawsuits or regulator actions, including interim or final rulings by tax, judicial or regulatory bodies; and
•   other events or factors, including those resulting from war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events.
our revenues and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter, which may cause our stock price to decline.
our revenues and operating results have varied significantly in the past and may vary significantly in the future due to various factors, including, but not limited to:
•   budgetary cycles of municipal, state and federal law enforcement and corrections agencies;
•   market acceptance of our products and services;
•   the timing of large domestic and international orders;
•   the outcome of any existing or future litigation;
•   adverse publicity surrounding our products, the safety of our products, or the use of our products;
•   changes in our sales mix;
•   new product introduction costs;
•   increased raw material expenses;
•   changes in our operating expenses;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates and
•   regulatory changes that may affect the marketability of our products.
as a result of these and other factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful in the short term, and our performance in a particular period may not be indicative of our performance in any future period.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is designed to provide a reader of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. our md&a should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including part i, item 1a: "risk factors"; part ii, item 6: "selected financial data"; and part ii, item 8: "financial statements and supplementary data." the various sections of this md&a contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this filing. the tables in the md&a sections below are derived from exact numbers and may have immaterial rounding differences.
overview and strategy axon enterprise, inc.'s (the "company" or "axon" or "we" or "our") core mission is to protect life through innovative technologies that make communities safer. we are the market leader in the development, manufacture and sale of conducted electrical weapons ("cews") designed for use by law enforcement, corrections, military forces, private security personnel and by private individuals for personal defense. we are also the market leader in developing, manufacturing and selling connected wearable on-officer cameras as well as developing and selling cloud-based digital evidence management software. we have established a robust network that connects devices, apps and people primarily in the law enforcement vertical. we aim to have every public safety officer in the world carry a taser, deploy an axon camera and be connected to the axon network.
the three foundations for our growth strategy are:
•   devices - our taser cews are one of the few weapons that can incapacitate a person while drastically limiting the risk for death and/or serious injury. over the past two decades, the taser cew has become one of the most frequently used weapons in the north american law enforcement market, with use-of-force injuries and deaths dropping dramatically as a result. outside of weapons, we produce devices that primarily fall within three categories: on-officer cameras that capture critical digital evidence aimed at protecting truth, a range of related accessory hardware devices and an in-car camera variant called axon fleet. we believe our cews and axon cameras should be standard-issue equipment for all patrol officers domestically and internationally. we have created and are continuing to create service plans and product bundles to ensure agencies have the latest devices and technology at predictable annual costs.
•   apps - axon's evidence.com platform is designed to help agencies securely store, manage and share all digital evidence. our software platform features continuous improvement with regular software updates that enable our customers to always have access to the latest technology. recent new features include secure sharing, audit trails, integration of other data sources, and transcription and redaction services. these feature sets are designed to provide our customers with valuable tools to police more efficiently and effectively while enabling greater transparency with the communities they serve. more and more police agencies trust axon to host their video evidence data, which is captured via our devices, apps and software, and stored in our secure cloud and accessed via the axon network.
•   people - our taser weapons and axon software and sensors platforms have allowed us to build relationships with more than 20,000 public safety agencies worldwide. axon is bringing modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer. some of our customers report that police officers are spending over 60% of their time on paperwork-related tasks, rather than on value-added public safety work. we see a large opportunity to leverage our connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities. axon is also improving workflows throughout the public safety chain, from the incident on the scene to the court room. with our software, police officers can share evidence
27
with prosecutors during discovery while maintaining a secure and encrypted chain of custody. axon's cohesive ecosystem is delivering increased value to all public safety stakeholders, including state and municipal police agencies, police chiefs and other leadership, patrol officers, state patrols and officers, agency detectives, public prosecutors, district attorneys, and others in the public safety and judicial communities, as well as the public communities they serve.
results of operations the following table presents data from our statements of operations as well as the percentage relationship to total net sales of items included in our statements of operations (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                       2016                                                               2015
net sales from products                       $285,859          83.1   %          $238,573            88.9   %          $185,230          93.6   %
net sales from services                         57,939          16.9                29,672            11.1                12,662           6.4
net sales                                      343,798         100.0               268,245           100.0               197,892         100.0
cost of product sales                          117,997          34.3                91,536            34.1                65,022          32.9
cost of service sales                           18,713           5.4                 6,173             2.3                 4,223           2.1
cost of sales                                  136,710          39.8                97,709            36.4                69,245          35.0
gross margin                                   207,088          60.2               170,536            63.6               128,647          65.0
operating expenses:
sales, general and administrative              138,692          40.3               108,076            40.3                69,698          35.2
research and development                        55,373          16.1                30,609            11.4                23,614          11.9
total operating expenses                       194,065          56.4               138,685            51.7                93,312          47.2
income from operations                          13,023           3.8                31,851            11.9                35,335          17.9
interest and other income (expense), net         2,738           0.8                  (354   )        (0.1   )                26             -
income before provision for income taxes        15,761           4.6                31,497            11.7                35,361          17.9
provision for income taxes                      10,554           3.1                14,200             5.3                15,428           7.8
net income                                      $5,207           1.5   %           $17,297             6.4   %           $19,933          10.1   %
net sales to the u.s. and other countries are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                              2016                                2015
united states        $282,810          82.3   %          $218,757          81.6   %          $161,803          81.8   %
other countries        60,988          17.7                49,488          18.4                36,089          18.2
total                $343,798         100.0   %          $268,245         100.0   %          $197,892         100.0   %
the company's operations are comprised of two reportable segments: the sale of cews, accessories and other related products and services (the "taser weapons" segment); and the software and sensors business, focused on devices, wearables, applications, cloud and mobile products (the "software and sensors" segment). within the software and sensors segment, the company includes only revenues and costs attributable to that segment which include: costs of sales for both products and services, direct labor, selling expenses for the sales team, product manage r&d for products included, or to be included, within the software and sensors segment. all other costs are included in the taser weapons segment. the codm does not review assets by segment as part of the financial information provided; therefore, no asset information is provided in the following tables.
28
net sales - for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016
net sales by product line were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,             dollarchange          percentchange
2017                                                            2016
taser weapons segment:
taser x26p                          $64,426          18.7   %           $72,490          27.0   %           $(8,064      )         (11.1       )%
taser x2                             81,417          23.7                52,665          19.6                28,752                 54.6
taser pulse and bolt                  4,340           1.3                 3,580           1.3                   760                 21.2
single cartridges                    63,203          18.4                52,305          19.5                10,898                 20.8
extended warranties                  12,426           3.6                 9,880           3.7                 2,546                 25.8
other                                 8,700           2.5                11,724           4.4                (3,024      )         (25.8        )
taser weapons segment               234,512          68.2               202,644          75.5                31,868                 15.7
software and sensors segment:
axon body                            15,184           4.4                12,911           4.8                 2,273                 17.6
axon flex                            10,083           2.9                 5,323           2.0                 4,760                 89.4
axon fleet                            2,954           0.9                     -             -                 2,954                    *
axon dock                             9,736           2.8                 7,422           2.8                 2,314                 31.2
evidence.com                         57,841          16.8                29,260          10.9                28,581                 97.7
taser cam                             3,358           1.0                 4,888           1.8                (1,530      )         (31.3        )
extended warranties                   7,110           2.1                 3,710           1.4                 3,400                 91.6
other                                 3,020           0.9                 2,087           0.8                   933                 44.7
software and sensors segment        109,286          31.8                65,601          24.5                43,685                 66.6
total net sales                    $343,798         100.0   %          $268,245         100.0   %           $75,553                 28.2        %
* not meaningful net unit sales for taser weapons and software and sensors segment were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2017                                      2016                           unitchange          percentchange taser x26p                70,381                    79,218           (8,837   )             (11.2   )%
taser x2                  76,106                    47,700           28,406                  59.6
taser pulse and bolt      12,504                     9,549            2,955                  30.9
cartridges             2,408,471                 1,979,051          429,420                  21.7
axon body                 89,808                    66,154           23,654                  35.8
axon flex                 26,025                    14,173           11,852                  83.6
axon fleet                 3,795                         -            3,795                     *
axon dock                 23,492                    16,983            6,509                  38.3
taser cam                  6,432                     9,566           (3,134   )             (32.8   )
*not meaningful net sales were $343.8 million and $268.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $75.6 million or 28.2%. net sales for the taser weapons segment were $234.5 million and $202.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $31.9 million or 15.7%. net sales for the software and sensors segment were $109.3 million and $65.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $43.7 million or 66.6%. international sales were $61.0 million in 2017 compared to $49.5 million in 2016, an increase of 23.2%.
the increase in net sales for 2017 compared to 2016 in the taser weapons segment was primarily attributable to increased sales under the officer safety plan ("osp") and taser 60 installment payment programs. during the first quarter of 2017, the
29
home office of the u.k. government approved the company's smart weapons for sale which resulted in increased taser x2 sales within the u.k. of $8.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to no sales during 2016. additionally, the company increased cartridge sales by $10.9 million to $63.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to $52.3 million during the same period in 2016 which was primarily attributable to an increase in total weapons in the field.
net sales for the software and sensors segment were $109.3 million and $65.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $43.7 million, or 66.6%. the overall increase in the software and sensors segment was driven by continued adoption of on-officer cameras and related technologies, including the company's evidence.com digital evidence management software suite. combined net sales related to the company's axon body, axon flex, and axon dock products increased approximately $9.3 million. the company recorded net sales of $3.0 million related to axon fleet, the company's newly introduced in-car camera system, with no amounts recorded during the same period in 2016. evidence.com revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 increased $28.6 million to $57.8 million as compared to the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by the continued increase in active users on the company's evidence.com platform.
to gain more immediate feedback regarding activity for axon camera products and evidence.com services, we also review bookings for these products. we consider bookings to be a statistical measure defined as the sales price of orders (not invoiced sales), including contractual optional periods we expect to be exercised, net of cancellations, placed in the relevant fiscal period, regardless of when the products or services ultimately will be provided. most bookings will be invoiced in subsequent periods. due to municipal government funding rules, in some cases certain of the future period amounts included in bookings are subject to budget appropriation or other contract cancellation clauses. although the company has entered into contracts for the delivery of products and services in the future and anticipates the contracts will be fulfilled, if agencies do not exercise contractual options, do not appropriate funds in future year budgets, or do enact a cancellation clause, revenue associated with these bookings may not ultimately be recognized, resulting in a future reduction to bookings. bookings related to the company's software and sensors segment, net of cancellations, were $291.2 million during 2017, compared to $254.1 million in 2016, an increase of 14.6%.
the chart below illustrates the company's quarterly software and sensors bookings for each of the previous six fiscal quarters (in thousands):
backlog - as of december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016
our backlog of $582.7 million as of december 31, 2017 has increased significantly from $384.2 million as of december 31, 2016. the increase in weapons segment backlog is not expected to have a material impact on revenue or operating margins. our significant increase in backlog, primarily in the software and sensors segment is indicative of expected revenue growth in this segment. revenue growth in the software and sensors segment is expected to result in improved operating margins over time as additional revenue will cover a larger portion of our selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development costs, while the company does not expect any material changes in gross margins.
30
net sales - three months ended december 31, 2017 compared to september 30, 2017
net sales by product line were as follows for the three months ended december 31, 2017 and september 30, 2017 (dollars in thousands):
three months ended december 31, 2017                     three months ended september 30, 2017               dollar            percent change             change taser weapons segment:
taser x26p                              $19,259                       20.3        %               $13,264                       14.7        %          $5,995              45.2     %
taser x2                                 23,662                       25.0                         22,717                       25.2                      945               4.2
taser pulse and bolt                      1,448                        1.5                          1,069                        1.2                      379              35.5
single cartridges                        14,198                       15.0                         17,474                       19.4                   (3,276    )        (18.7     )
extended warranties                       3,506                        3.7                          3,086                        3.4                      420              13.6
other                                     2,336                        2.5                          1,806                        2.0                      530              29.3
taser weapons segment                    64,409                       68.0                         59,416                       65.8                    4,993               8.4
software and sensors segment:
axon body                                 3,459                        3.7                          4,527                        5.0                   (1,068    )        (23.6     )
axon flex                                 2,194                        2.3                          2,563                        2.8                     (369    )        (14.4     )
axon fleet                                1,661                        1.8                          1,113                        1.2                      548              49.2
axon dock                                 2,327                        2.5                          2,639                        2.9                     (312    )        (11.8     )
evidence.com                             17,143                       18.1                         16,200                       17.9                      943               5.8
taser cam                                   951                        1.0                            922                        1.0                       29               3.1
extended warranties                       2,128                        2.2                          1,945                        2.2                      183               9.4
other                                       379                        0.4                            937                        1.0                     (558    )        (59.6     )
software and sensors segment             30,242                       32.0                         30,846                       34.2                     (604    )         (2.0     )
total net sales                         $94,651                      100.0        %               $90,262                      100.0        %          $4,389               4.9     %
net unit sales for taser weapons and software and sensors segment were as follows:
three months ended
12/31/2017              9/30/2017                unit            percent change             change taser x26p              23,350                  13,472                9,878               73.3     %
taser x2                21,683                  21,896                 (213     )         (1.0     )
taser pulse and bolt     3,641                   2,944                  697               23.7
cartridges             590,126                 643,077              (52,951     )         (8.2     )
axon body               13,944                  28,669              (14,725     )        (51.4     )
axon flex                5,253                   8,298               (3,045     )        (36.7     )
axon fleet               2,197                   1,598                  599               37.5
axon dock                3,908                   6,440               (2,532     )        (39.3     )
taser cam                2,245                   1,512                  733               48.5
net sales were $94.7 million and $90.3 million for the three months ended december 31, 2017 and september 30, 2017, respectively, an increase of $4.4 million or 4.9%. net sales for the taser weapons segment were $64.4 million and $59.4 million for the three months ended december 31, 2017 and september 30, 2017, respectively, an increase of $5.0 million or 8.4%. net sales for the software and sensors segment were $30.2 million and $30.8 million for the three months ended december 31, 2017 and september 30, 2017, respectively, a decrease of $0.6 million or 2.0%. international sales were $16.0 million in for the three months ended december 31, 2017 compared to $17.1 million for the three months ended september 30, 2017, a decrease of $1.1 million.
the increase in net sales in the taser weapons segment on a sequential basis was partially attributable to the expiration of annual budget appropriations resulting in higher purchases for the quarter ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the quarter
31
ended september 30, 2017. increased sales of taser weapons handles was partially offset by lower sequential cartridge sales, which was primarily attributable to timing. in the software and sensors segment, the company experienced a decrease in net sales of $0.6 million. axon hardware and device sales were lower due to timing of deployments, which were partially offset by increased service revenues which were attributable to more cumulative axon devices in the field with extended warranty coverage and more cumulative active users on the company's evidence.com platform.
net sales - for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015
net sales by product line were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,             dollarchange          percentchange
2016                                                            2015
taser weapons segment:
taser x26p                          $72,490          27.0   %           $55,969          28.3   %           $16,521                 29.5        %
taser x2                             52,665          19.6                42,746          21.6                 9,919                 23.2
taser pulse and bolt                  3,580           1.3                 2,146           1.1                 1,434                 66.8
single cartridges                    52,305          19.5                41,674          21.1                10,631                 25.5
extended warranties                   9,880           3.7                 7,402           3.7                 2,478                 33.5
other                                11,724           4.4                12,438           6.3                  (714      )          (5.7        )
taser weapons segment               202,644          75.5               162,375          82.1                40,269                 24.8
software and sensors segment:
axon body                            12,911           4.8                 4,029           2.0                 8,882                220.5
axon flex                             5,323           2.0                 6,880           3.5                (1,557      )         (22.6        )
axon dock                             7,422           2.8                 4,022           2.0                 3,400                 84.5
evidence.com                         29,260          10.9                11,765           5.9                17,495                148.7
taser cam                             4,888           1.8                 5,746           2.9                  (858      )         (14.9        )
extended warranties                   3,710           1.4                 1,794           0.9                 1,916                106.8
other                                 2,087           0.8                 1,281           0.6       806                             62.9
software and sensors segment         65,601          24.5                35,517          17.9                30,084                 84.7
total net sales                    $268,245         100.0   %          $197,892         100.0   %           $70,353                 35.6        %
net unit sales for taser weapons and software and sensors segment were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2016                                      2015                           unitchange          percentchange taser x26p                79,218                    62,383           16,835                  27.0   %
taser x2                  47,700                    38,050            9,650                  25.4
taser pulse and bolt       9,549                     8,121            1,428                  17.6
cartridges             1,979,051                 1,694,450          284,601                  16.8
axon body                 66,154                    17,522           48,632                 277.5
axon flex                 14,173                    18,823           (4,650   )             (24.7   )
axon dock                 16,983                     6,979           10,004                 143.3
taser cam                  9,566                    11,634           (2,068   )             (17.8   )
net sales were $268.2 million and $197.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $70.4 million or 35.6%. net sales for the taser weapons segment were $202.6 million and $162.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $40.3 million or 24.8%. net sales for the software and sensors segment were $65.6 million and $35.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $30.1 million or 84.7%. international sales were $49.5 million in 2016 compared to $36.1 million in 2015, an increase of 37.1%.
32
the increase in net sales for 2016 compared to 2015 in the taser weapons segment was primarily driven by the company's ability to increase the frequency of upgrades through trade-in programs along with increased demand for the company's installment payment plans, osp and taser 60. these programs allow customers to pay for hardware and services over an extended contractual life, which is typically five years. in the software and sensors segment, the increase in net sales was driven by the continued adoption of the axon on-officer cameras and evidence.com application in the law enforcement markets, which was further impacted by a large deployment of axon body 2 cameras to a major international customer.
cost of product and service sales cost of product and service sales was as follows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                       year ended december 31, dollarchange          percentchange                                                       dollar          percent change           change
2017                                                                     2016                                   2016                     2015
taser weapons segment:
cost of product sales                         $72,054             $61,930               $10,124                 16.3        %         $61,930             $48,821             $13,109            26.9     %
cost as % of sales                               30.7                30.6                                                                30.6                30.1
software and sensors segment:
cost of product sales                          45,943              29,606                16,337                 55.2                   29,606              16,201              13,405            82.7
cost of service sales                          18,713               6,173                12,540                203.1                    6,173               4,223               1,950            46.2
total cost of product and service sales        64,656              35,779                28,877                 80.7                   35,779              20,424              15,355            75.2
cost as % of sales                               59.2                54.5                                                                54.5                57.5
total cost of product and service sales      $136,710             $97,709               $39,001                 39.9                  $97,709             $69,245             $28,464            41.1
cost as % of sales                               39.8                36.4                                                                36.4                35.0
cost of product and service sales was $136.7 million and $97.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $39.0 million or 39.9%. as a percentage of net sales, cost of product and service sales increased to 39.8% in 2017 compared to 36.4% in 2016.
within the taser weapons segment, cost of product sales increased $10.1 million, or 16.3%, to $72.1 million in 2017, compared to $61.9 million in 2016, and remained relatively consistent as a percentage of sales at 30.7% from 30.6%. the company did not experience significant changes in variable manufacturing costs during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016. the overall increase in cost of products sold was attributable to higher unit sales.
within the software and sensors segment, cost of product and service sales was $64.7 million, an increase of $28.9 million, or 80.7%, from 2016. as a percentage of net sales, cost of product and service sales increased to 59.2% in 2017 from 54.5% in 2016. the increase in cost of product sales was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes, and the increase in cost of service sales was driven by increased cloud storage costs. the increase in total cost of sales as a percentage of total net sales was primarily attributable to non-recurring expenses related to the company's data migration to a new cloud-storage provider.
cost of product and service sales was $97.7 million and $69.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $28.5 million or 41.1%. as a percentage of net sales, cost of product and service sales increased to 36.4% in 2016 compared to 35.0% in 2015. within the taser weapons segment, cost of product sales increased $13.1 million, or 26.9%, to $61.9 million in 2016, compared to $48.8 million in 2015, and remained relatively consistent as a percent of sales at 30.6% from 30.1%.
within the software and sensors segment, cost of product and service sales was $35.8 million, an increase of $15.4 million, or 75.2% from 2015. as a percentage of net sales, cost of product and service sales decreased to 54.5% in 2016 from 57.5% in 2015. the increase in cost of product and service sales was driven by continued growth, increased data storage costs as more agencies utilized evidence.com, as well as increased costs for our professional services team. the decrease in total costs as a percentage of sales was primarily driven by improvements in evidence.com service margins.
33
gross margin gross margin was as follows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                     year ended december 31, dollarchange          percentchange                                                         dollarchange          percentchange
2017                                                              2016                                   2016                       2015
taser weapons segment               $162,458              $140,714               $21,744                 15.5        %          $140,714              $113,554               $27,160                 23.9        %
software and sensors segment          44,630                29,822                14,808                 49.7                     29,822                15,093                14,729                 97.6
total gross margin                  $207,088              $170,536               $36,552                 21.4                   $170,536              $128,647               $41,889                 32.6
gross margin as % of net sales          60.2                  63.6                                                                  63.6                  65.0
gross margin increased $36.6 million to $207.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $170.5 million for 2016. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased to 60.2% for 2017 from 63.6% for 2016. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin for the taser weapons segment was relatively consistent at 69.3% and 69.4% for the year ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. within the software and sensors segment gross margin as a percentage of net sales was 40.8% and 45.5% for the years ended 2017 and 2016, respectively. within the software and sensors segment, hardware gross margin was 10.5% for the year ended december 31, 2017and 17.6% for the same period in 2016, while the service margins were 67.7% and 79.2% during those same periods, respectively. the decreased hardware margins were primarily attributable to higher discounting. in certain customer contracts, primarily within the software and sensors segment, the level of discounting resulted in a portion of the contractual consideration allocated to the delivered hardware to be recognized as revenue ratably over the evidence.com subscription term. however, the full cost of the product is recognized when the hardware is delivered to the customer resulting in lower gross margins initially. the decrease in service margins was primarily attributable to non-recurring expenses related to the company's data migration to a new cloud-storage provider.
gross margin increased $41.9 million to $170.5 million for 2016 compared to $128.6 million for 2015. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased to 63.6% for 2016 from 65.0% for 2015. the decrease in gross margin as a percentage of sales was due primarily to a change in product mix, as lower margin axon hardware product sales became a greater percentage of the consolidated total. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin for the taser weapons segment was relatively consistent at 69.4% and 69.9% for 2016 and 2015, respectively, while the same measure for these years for the software and sensors segment were 45.5% and 42.5%, respectively. the improvement in software and sensors segment gross margin was primarily attributable to higher service margins due to increased users on the evidence.com platform.
sales, general and administrative expenses sales, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses were comprised of the following for 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,         dollarchange          percentchange
2017                                                                                                     2016
salaries, benefits and bonus                                          $58,450                   $43,058             $15,392                 35.7        %
stock-based compensation                                                9,047                     5,707               3,340                 58.5
professional, consulting and lobbying                                  24,267                    19,321               4,946                 25.6
sales and marketing                                                    17,368                    15,132               2,236                 14.8
travel and meals                                                       10,637                     8,970               1,667                 18.6
other                                                                  18,923                    15,888               3,035                 19.1
total sales, general and administrative expenses                     $138,692                  $108,076             $30,616                 28.3
sales, general, and administrative as a percentage of net sales          40.3     %                40.3     %
sales, general and administrative expenses were $138.7 million and $108.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $30.6 million, or 28.3%. as a percentage of total net sales, sg&a expenses were 40.3% for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
34
sg&a by type and by segment were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,            dollar change           percent change
2017                                                                               2016
taser weapons segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                           $32,009          23.1   %           $24,534          22.7   %            $7,475                  30.5         %
stock-based compensation                                 6,115           4.4                 3,339           3.1                 2,776                  83.1
professional, consulting and lobbying                   12,017           8.7                10,128           9.4                 1,889                  18.7
sales and marketing                                      8,357           6.0                 8,305           7.7                    52                   0.6
travel and meals                                         4,867           3.5                 4,277           4.0                   590                  13.8
other                                                   14,837          10.7                13,034          12.1                 1,803                  13.8
taser weapons segment                                   78,202          56.4                63,617          58.9                14,585                  22.9
software and sensors segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                            26,441          19.1                18,524          17.1                 7,917                  42.7
stock-based compensation                                 2,932           2.1                 2,368           2.2                   564                  23.8
professional, consulting and lobbying                   12,250           8.8                 9,193           8.5                 3,057                  33.3
sales and marketing                                      9,011           6.5                 6,827           6.3                 2,184                  32.0
travel and meals                                         5,770           4.2                 4,693           4.3                 1,077                  22.9
other                                                    4,086           2.9                 2,854           2.6                 1,232                  43.2
software and sensors segment                            60,490          43.6                44,459          41.1                16,031                  36.1
total sales, general and administrative expenses      $138,692         100.0   %          $108,076         100.0   %           $30,616                  28.3
within the taser weapons segment, sg&a increased $14.6 million, or 22.9%, to $78.2 million from $63.6 million in 2016. this increase was primarily attributable to the company's continued efforts to build the necessary infrastructure to facilitate future growth which was evidenced by higher salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation of $10.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016. increased professional, consulting and lobbying fees of $1.9 million were primarily related to accounting and finance consulting costs attributable to the company's adoption of the new revenue recognition rules, international tax restructuring,and efforts towards remediation of internal control matters. the remaining other operating expenses were primarily attributable to the overall growth of operations during 2017.
within the software and sensors segment, sg&a increased $16.0 million, or 36.1%, to $60.5 million in 2017 in comparison to the prior year. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the software and sensors segment increased $8.5 million as the company continued to hire additional engineering, product management personnel, sales and marketing personnel and general support staff to further expand upon existing product offerings as well as the development of new products such as records management systems and computer aided dispatch systems. the increase in professional, consulting and lobbying expenses of $3.1 million was related to higher professional and consulting costs related to the implementation of a new revenue accounting software platform. additionally, the company incurred higher marketing consulting fees related to hosted events and conferences for customers as well as internal sales meetings. the increase in sales and marketing expense of $2.2 million relates to higher commissions on increased bookings, increased customer samples attributable to the company delivering on-officer cameras, signal sidearm, among other technologies, to prospective customers for evaluation purposes, as well as increased spending on sponsorships for major city police chief associations and major county sheriffs' associations. the remaining other operating expenses are primarily attributable to the overall growth of operations during 2017.
35
sales, general and administrative expenses were comprised of the following for 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,         dollarchange          percentchange
2016                                                                                                   2015
salaries, benefits and bonus                                          $43,058                 $25,032             $18,026                 72.0        %
stock-based compensation                                                5,707                   4,299               1,408                 32.8
professional, consulting and lobbying                                  19,321                  13,165               6,156                 46.8
sales and marketing                                                    15,132                  10,776               4,356                 40.4
travel and meals                                                        8,970                   5,649               3,321                 58.8
other                                                                  15,888                  10,777               5,111                 47.4
total sales, general and administrative expenses                     $108,076                 $69,698             $38,378                 55.1
sales, general, and administrative as a percentage of net sales          40.3     %              35.2     %
sales, general and administrative expenses were $108.1 million and $69.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $38.4 million, or 55.1%. as a percentage of total net sales, sg&a expenses increased to 40.3% for 2016 compared to 35.2% for 2015.
sg&a by type and by segment were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,            dollar change           percent change
2016                                                                               2015
taser weapons segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                           $24,534          22.7   %         $16,767          24.1   %            $7,767                  46.3         %
stock-based compensation                                 3,339           3.1               3,187           4.6       152                               4.8
professional, consulting and lobbying                   10,128           9.4              10,258          14.7                  (130      )           (1.3         )
sales and marketing                                      8,305           7.7               5,411           7.8                 2,894                  53.5
travel and meals                                         4,277           4.0               3,089           4.4                 1,188                  38.5
other                                                   13,034          12.1               8,928          12.8                 4,106                  46.0
taser weapons segment                                   63,617          58.9              47,640          68.4                15,977                  33.5
software and sensors segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                            18,524          17.1               8,265          11.9                10,259                 124.1
stock-based compensation                                 2,368           2.2               1,112           1.6                 1,256                 112.9
professional, consulting and lobbying                    9,193           8.5               2,907           4.2                 6,286                 216.2
sales and marketing                                      6,827           6.3               5,365           7.7                 1,462                  27.3
travel and meals                                         4,693           4.3               2,560           3.7                 2,133                  83.3
other                                                    2,854           2.6               1,849           2.7                 1,005                  54.4
software and sensors segment                            44,459          41.1              22,058          31.6                22,401                 101.6
total sales, general and administrative expenses      $108,076         100.0   %         $69,698         100.0   %           $38,378                  55.1
within the taser weapons segment, sg&a increased $16.0 million, or 33.5%, to $63.6 million from $47.6 million in 2015. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the taser weapons increased approximately $7.9 million in 2016 compared to 2015. this increase was primarily attributable to the company's efforts to build the corporate infrastructure to facilitate future growth in departments such as supply chain, legal, finance and information technology. the increase in travel and meals was primarily attributable to the growth in the direct sales teams both domestically and internationally. the increase in sales and marketing of $2.9 million was primarily attributable to higher commissions of $3.2 million partially offset by a decrease in marketing related costs partially due to lower spending at the 2016 international association of chiefs of police conference as compared to 2015. the increase in other expenses was made up primarily of $1.2 million in higher computer related costs, $0.3 million of higher rent expense, and $2.0 million of litigation costs incurred, including resolution expenses, that were not incurred during the same period in 2015.
within the software and sensors segment, sg&a increased $22.4 million, or 101.6%, to $44.5 million in 2016 in comparison to the prior year. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the software and sensors segment increased $11.5
36
million as the company continued to hire additional engineering, product management personnel, sales and marketing personnel and general support staff to further expand upon existing product offerings as well as the development of new apps and cloud technologies. the increase in travel and meals was primarily attributable to the growth in the direct sales teams both domestically and internationally. of the increase in professional, consulting and lobbying, $4.1 million represented primarily increased lobbying fees aimed at securing long-term body-worn camera and service contracts, $0.8 million of increased legal costs primarily attributable to the ongoing digital ally lawsuit, and $0.6 million related to increased patent and trademark costs. the increase in sales and marketing of $1.5 million was primarily attributable to higher commissions of $2.4 million partially offset by a decrease of $0.9 million in marketing related costs partially due to lower spending at the 2016 international association of chiefs of police conference as compared to 2015.
research and development expenses research and development ("r&d") expenses were comprised of the following for 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,             dollarchange          percentchange
2017                                                                                       2016
salaries, benefits and bonus                              $33,682                 $17,205                 $16,477                 95.8        %
stock-based compensation                                    6,055                   3,320                   2,735                 82.4
professional and consulting                                 4,351                   3,212                   1,139                 35.5
travel and meals                                            1,674                     969                     705                 72.8
other                                                       9,611                   5,903                   3,708                 62.8
total research and development expenses                   $55,373                 $30,609                 $24,764                 80.9
research and development as a percentage of net sales        16.1     %              11.4     %
r&d expenses were $55.4 million and $30.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $24.8 million, or 80.9%. as a percentage of net sales, r&d increased to 16.1% in 2017 in compared to 11.4% in 2016.
r&d by type and by segment were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,            dollar change           percent change
2017                                                                                               2016
taser weapons segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                 $4,243           7.7   %          $2,301           7.5   %            $1,942                  84.4         %
stock-based compensation                        517           0.9                 639           2.1                  (122      )          (19.1         )
professional and consulting                   1,098           2.0               1,167           3.8                   (69      )           (5.9         )
travel and meals                                388           0.7                 345           1.1                    43                  12.5
other                                         2,131           3.8               1,435           4.7                   696                  48.5
taser weapons segment                         8,377          15.1               5,887          19.2                 2,490                  42.3
software and sensors segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                 29,439          53.2              14,904          48.7                14,535                  97.5
stock-based compensation                      5,538          10.0               2,681           8.8                 2,857                 106.6
professional and consulting                   3,253           5.9               2,045           6.7                 1,208                  59.1
travel and meals                              1,286           2.3                 624           2.0                   662                 106.1
other                                         7,480          13.5               4,468          14.6                 3,012                  67.4
software and sensors segment                 46,996          84.9              24,722          80.8                22,274                  90.1
total research and development expenses     $55,373         100.0   %         $30,609         100.0   %           $24,764                  80.9
within the taser weapons segment, r&d expenses increased $2.5 million, or 42.3%, to $8.4 million in 2017. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the taser weapons increased $1.8 million in 2017 compared to 2016. the increase for 2017 compared to 2016 is primarily driven by additional headcount as the company continued to invest in the development of new cew related technologies.
within the software and sensors segment, r&d expenses increased $22.3 million, or 90.1%, to $47.0 million in 2017 from the prior year. the company's software and sensors segment was responsible for approximately 85% of the overall expenses in
37
r&d. of the $22.3 million increase in r&d for the software and sensors segment, $17.4 million related to salaries, benefits, bonus, and stock-based compensation. the company remains focused on growing the software and sensors segment as it adds headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services, including records management systems and computer aided dispatch systems, to further advance its scalable cloud-connected device platform. the increase in professional and consulting expense of $1.2 million was primarily attributable to increased technical consulting fees related to the development and release of signal sidearm. included in other r&d expenses for the software and services segment was $1.9 million of amortization of intangible assets related to acquired developed technology that was yet to be put into service. additionally, during 2017, the company abandoned certain developed technology acquired in a business combination resulting in an impairment charge of $1.0 million which was included in other r&d expenses.
research and development expenses were comprised of the following for 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,             dollarchange          percentchange
2016                                                                                       2015
salaries, benefits and bonus                              $17,205                 $13,013                  $4,192                 32.2        %
stock-based compensation                                    3,320                   2,576                     744                 28.9
professional and consulting                                 3,212                   3,835                    (623      )         (16.2        )
travel and meals                                              969                   1,034                     (65      )          (6.3        )
other                                                       5,903                   3,156                   2,747                 87.0
total research and development expenses                   $30,609                 $23,614                  $6,995                 29.6
research and development as a percentage of net sales        11.4     %              11.9     %
research and development expenses were $30.6 million and $23.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $7.0 million, or 29.6%. as a percentage of net sales, r&d decreased to 11.4% in 2016 as compared to 11.9% in 2015.
r&d by type and by segment were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,            dollar change           percent change
2016                                                                                               2015
taser weapons segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                 $2,301           7.5   %          $1,596           6.8   %              $705                  44.2         %
stock-based compensation                        639           2.1                 394           1.7                   245                  62.2
professional and consulting                   1,167           3.8               1,196           5.1                   (29      )           (2.4         )
travel and meals                                345           1.1                 261           1.1                    84                  32.2
other                                         1,435           4.7               1,023           4.3                   412                  40.3
taser weapons segment                         5,887          19.2               4,470          18.9                 1,417                  31.7
software and sensors segment:
salaries, benefits and bonus                 14,904          48.7              11,417          48.3                 3,487                  30.5
stock-based compensation                      2,681           8.8               2,182           9.2                   499                  22.9
professional and consulting                   2,045           6.7               2,639          11.2                  (594      )          (22.5         )
travel and meals                                624           2.0                 773           3.3                  (149      )          (19.3         )
other                                         4,468          14.6               2,133           9.0                 2,335                 109.5
software and sensors segment                 24,722          80.8              19,144          81.1                 5,578                  29.1
total research and development expenses     $30,609         100.0   %         $23,614         100.0   %            $6,995                  29.6
within the taser weapons segment, r&d expenses increased $1.4 million, or 31.7%, to $5.9 million in 2016. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the taser weapons increased approximately $1.0 million in 2016 as compared to 2015. the increase for 2016 as compared to 2015 is primarily driven by additional headcount as the company continued to invest in the development of new cew related technologies.
within the software and sensors segment, r&d expenses increased $5.6 million, or 29.1%, to $24.7 million in 2016 from the prior year. the company's software and sensors segment was responsible for approximately 81% of the overall expenses in
38
r&d. of the $5.6 million increase in r&d for the software and sensors segment, $4.0 million related to salaries and benefits, inclusive of bonus and stock-based compensation. included in the increase of other r&d for the software and sensors segment was sales and marketing expenses of $0.9 million related to contractual earn-outs for legacy mediasolv employees, who work in r&d. the company remained focused on growing the software and sensors segment as it added headcount and external resources to develop new products and services to further advance its scalable cloud-connected device platform. these increases were partially offset by decreases in professional and consulting of $0.6 million related primarily to the company being more selective in the utilization of consultants as compared to hiring additional employees. the biggest portion of the increase in other r&d expenses related to tooling and supplies that made up $0.8 million of the overall increase. the remaining increase was attributable to the overall growth in of the software and sensors r&d department.
interest and other income (expense), net interest and other income (expense), net was $2.7 million, $(0.4) million and $26,000 for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, the company earned interest income of $1.6 million and had gains from foreign currency transaction adjustments of $1.4 million which were partially offset by interest expense of $0.2 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, interest income of $0.7 million was more than offset by losses on foreign currency transaction adjustments of $1.1 million. for the year ended december 31, 2015, interest income of $0.3 million was partially offset by losses on foreign currency transaction adjustments of $0.2 million.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $10.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the effective income tax rate for 2017 was 66.9%. in connection with our initial analysis of the impact of the tax act, we were able to make reasonable estimates of the impact of the tax act and recorded a provisional net tax expense of $8.0 million in the period ended december 31, 2017, primarily related to the impact of the tax rate reduction on our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. $0.4 million of the adjustment impacted the valuation allowance. this was partially offset by a $1.8 million benefit related to excess stock-based compensation deductions, as well as a $2.4 million benefit for research and development credits during the year ended december 31, 2017. in addition, an additional valuation allowance in the amount of $1.9 million was recorded as of december 31, 2017, related to certain research and development credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration and losses in certain foreign jurisdictions in which there was a cumulative loss.
the provision for income taxes was $14.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the effective income tax rate for 2016 was 45.1%. the effect of state income taxes of $0.9 million and the tax effects of intercompany transactions of $0.6 million were offset by a benefit of $1.9 million for research and development credits in the current year. the difference between statutory and foreign tax rates of $1.5 million was largely driven by losses incurred in a foreign entity for which no tax benefit will be realized. in addition, a valuation allowance in the amount of $1.8 million was recorded as of december 31, 2016 related to certain research and development tax credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration and losses in certain foreign jurisdictions in which there was a cumulative loss.
the provision for income taxes was $15.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the effective income tax rate for 2015 was 43.7%. the effect of state income tax of $1.1 million was largely offset by a benefit of $1.0 million of research and development credits in the current year. the difference between statutory and foreign tax rates of $2.4 million was largely driven by losses incurred in a newly formed foreign entity for which no tax benefit will be realized, partially reduced by a tax benefit for newly formed foreign entities for which the statutory tax rate was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. in addition, valuation allowance in the amount of $1.2 million was recorded.
net income our net income decreased by $12.1 million to $5.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $17.3 million in 2016. net income per basic and diluted share was $0.10 for 2017 compared to $0.33 and $0.32 per basic and diluted share, respectively, for 2016.
our net income decreased by $2.6 million to $17.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $19.9 million 2015. net income per basic and diluted share was $0.33 and $0.32 for 2016, respectively, compared to $0.37 and $0.36 per basic and diluted share for 2015, respectively.
39
liquidity and capital resources summary as of december 31, 2017, we had $75.1 million of cash and cash equivalents, an increase of $34.5 million from the end of 2016.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                             2016                  2015
operating activities                                             $18,490                 $17,925               $46,445
investing activities                                              19,082                  (3,045    )          (36,009    )
financing activities                                              (3,854    )            (34,661    )              603
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents         736                     906                   120
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents             $34,454                $(18,875    )          $11,159
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in 2017 of $18.5 million consisted of $5.2 million in net income, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $28.0 million and a negative $14.8 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. included in the non-cash items are $8.0 million in depreciation and amortization expense, $1.1 million related to the disposal and abandonment of intangible assets, $15.6 million in stock-based compensation expense, $0.7 million of bond premium amortization and $2.8 million related to deferred income taxes. the most significant increase to the portion of cash from operating activities related to the changes in operating assets and liabilities was a $39.7 million increase in deferred revenue. of the increase, $7.4 million resulted from additional extended warranty sales, $20.2 million resulted from increased hardware deferred revenue from taser assurance program ("tap") and osp sales, and $12.5 million related to prepayments for software and sensors services. these increases were offset by increased accounts and notes receivable of $35.3 million, inventory of $11.7 million and prepaid expenses and other assets of $9.0 million during 2017. the increases in accounts and notes receivable were due to increased sales during 2017, specifically sales made under the osp and taser 60 installment plans. operating cash flows were also impacted by increased inventory of $11.7 million in anticipation of higher sales in 2018 and for the company's national field trial offer for body cameras. the increase in prepaid expenses and other asset accounts of $9.0 million during 2017 was driven primarily by increased deferred cost of product sales of $5.0 million related to increased deferred cost of product and service sales related to contracts where the product had shipped but revenue was deferred due to contractual provisions resulting in the cost of product sales being deferred as an asset to be recognized in subsequent periods when revenue recognition criteria have been met, higher deferred commissions of $2.1 million representing amounts earned when a contract is booked which is then subsequently amortized over the contractual period as products and services are delivered and increased prepaid income taxes of $3.4 million.
net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 of $17.9 million consisted of $17.3 million in net income, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $8.9 million and a negative $8.2 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. included in the non-cash items are $3.7 million in depreciation and amortization expense, $9.4 million in stock-based compensation expense, and $1.3 million of bond premium amortization. these additions were partially offset by an $1.4 million reduction related to excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation and $5.2 million related to deferred income taxes. the most significant increase to the portion of cash from operating activities related to the changes in operating assets and liabilities was a $34.3 million increase in deferred revenue. of the increase, $8.1 million resulted from additional extended warranty sales, $15.6 million resulted from increased hardware deferred revenue from tap and osp sales, and $10.5 million related to prepayments for software and sensors services. the company also had increases in cash provided from operating activities of $17.6 million for increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related primarily to increased inventory purchases. these increases were offset by increased prepaid expenses and other current assets of $29.1 million, inventory of $18.7 million and accounts and notes receivable of $13.3 million during 2016. the increases in accounts and notes receivable were due to increased sales during 2016, and increases in inventory resulted from higher anticipated sales for 2017. long-term accounts receivable increased by $16.4 million during 2016 for sales made under osp and taser 60. the increase in prepaid expenses and other asset accounts during 2016 was driven primarily increased prepaid commissions of $1.8 million attributable to higher sales, increased balances under corporate-owed life insurance policies of $1.1 million, $3.3 million of restricted cash related primarily to a customer contract requiring certain contractual payments to be deposited in escrow until approved for release, and $1.7 million of long-term contingent consideration deposited in escrow in connection with a business combination that was completed in december 2016.
40
net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 of $46.4 million consisted of $19.9 million in net income, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $6.3 million, and a positive $20.2 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. included in the non-cash items was $3.3 million in depreciation and amortization expense, $7.3 million in stock-based compensation expense, and $1.7 million of bond premium amortization. those additions were partially offset by a $6.9 million reduction related to excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation that was treated as a financing activity for cash flow purposes. the most significant increase to the portion of cash from operating activities related to the changes in operating assets and liabilities was a $15.3 million increase to deferred revenue. of the increase in deferred revenue, $4.0 million resulted from additional extended warranty sales, $7.3 million resulted from increased hardware deferred revenue from the company's tap and osp sales programs, and $4.0 million related to prepayments for software and sensors saas and related services. the company also had increases in cash provided from operating activities of $4.2 million and $3.1 million for decreases in accounts and notes receivable and inventory, respectively. in addition, the $5.9 million increase to cash from operating activities related to increases in accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities that was primarily caused by current income tax expense, which would have resulted in an increase to income tax payable, if it had not been reduced by the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation discussed above. those increases were partially offset by increased prepaid expenses and other current assets of $8.6 million during 2015. the increase in other asset accounts during 2015 was driven by primarily by increased prepaid commissions of $2.5 million, increased long-term accounts receivable of $1.2 million for sales made under osp, increased balances under corporate-owed life insurance policies of $1.1 million, and a deposit made with a foreign component manufacturer of $2.6 million related to future services.
investing activities primarily as the result of investments that matured during the year, we generated $19.1 million from investing activities in 2017. calls and maturities on our investments, net of purchases, were $41.1 million. during 2017, we invested $10.6 million for the acquisition of dextro, inc., to continue building upon the company's axon artificial intelligence group, and for the acquisition of breon, the company's former distributor in australia. the company also invested $11.4 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles, net of proceeds related to disposals.
primarily as a result of investing cash generated from operating activities, we used $3.0 million in investing activities in 2016. calls and maturities on our investments, net of purchases, were $8.9 million. during 2016, we invested $3.5 million for the acquisition of developed technology and hiring of personnel to form the axon artificial intelligence group. the company also invested $8.4 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles, net of proceeds related to disposals.
primarily as a result of investing cash generated from operating activities, the company used $36.0 million for investing activities in 2015. purchases of investments, net of calls and maturities, were $18.4 million. during 2015, net cash of $11.2 million was used for the acquisitions of mediasolv solutions corporation and tactical safety responses ltd. the company also invested $6.5 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles.
financing activities net cash used by financing activities was $3.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. during 2017, the company paid payroll taxes of $3.5 million on behalf of employees who net-settled stock awards during the period. additionally, the company paid $1.8 million for contingent consideration amounts earned during 2017 related to the acquisition of certain assets from fossil group, inc. and fossil vietnam, limited liability company in 2016. these decreases were partially offset by $1.4 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
net cash used by financing activities was $34.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. during 2016, the company repurchased $33.7 million of its common stock, which was purchased for a weighted average cost of $18.90 per share, inclusive of applicable administrative costs. additionally, the company paid payroll taxes of $1.8 million on behalf of employees who net-settled stock awards during the period. these decreases were partially offset by $0.5 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, and $1.4 million of excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. the purchase of common stock was made under a stock repurchase program authorized by the company's board of directors.
net cash provided by financing activities was $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. during 2015, the company repurchases $7.6 million of the company's common stock, which was purchased for a weighted average cost of $25.86 per share. the company also paid payroll taxes of $1.4 million on behalf of employees who net-settled stock awards during the year. these decreases were partially offset by $2.7 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, and $6.9 million of excess tax benefit from stock proceeds. the purchase of common stock was made under a stock repurchase program authorized by the company's board of directors.
41
liquidity and capital resources our most significant source of liquidity continues to be funds generated by operating activities and available cash and cash equivalents. in addition, our $10.0 million revolving credit facility is available for additional working capital needs or investment opportunities. under the terms of the line of credit, available borrowings are reduced by outstanding letters of credit. the line is secured by substantially all of the assets of the company, and bears interest at varying rates, currently libor plus 1.25% or prime less 0.50%. as of december 31, 2017, we had letters of credit outstanding of $2.7 million, leaving the net amount available for borrowing of $7.3 million. the facility matures on december 31, 2018. there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, there were no borrowings under the line.
our agreement with the bank requires us to comply with a maximum funded debt to ebitda ratio, as defined, of no greater than 2.00 to 1.00 based upon a trailing twelve-month period. at december 31, 2017, the company's funded debt to ebitda ratio was 0.34 to 1.00.
taser 60 installment purchase arrangements typically involve amounts invoiced in five equal installments at the beginning of each year of the five-year term. this is in contrast to a traditional cew sale in which the entire amount being charged for the hardware is invoiced upon shipment. this impacts liquidity in a commensurate fashion, with the cash for the taser 60 arrangement received in five annual installments rather than up front. it is our strategic intent to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. we carefully considered the cash flow impacts of this strategic shift and regularly revisit our cash flow forecast with the goal of maintaining a comfortable level of liquidity as we introduce commercial offerings in which we incur upfront cash costs to produce and fulfill hardware sales ahead of the cash inflows from our customers. we anticipate, and have prepared for, the majority of our arrangements in both reportable segments to be offered in similar subscription-type offerings over the coming years.
based on our strong balance sheet and the fact that we had just $0.1 million in total long-term debt and capital lease obligations at december 31, 2017, we believe financing will be available, both through our existing credit line and possible additional financing. however, there is no assurance that such funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
we believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. the company and its board of directors may consider repurchases of our common stock. further repurchases of our common stock would take place on the open market, would be financed with available cash and are subject to authorization as well as market and business conditions.
contractual obligations the following table outlines our future contractual financial obligations by period in which payment is expected, as of december 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands):
total            less than1 year          1 - 3 years       3 - 5 years   more than5 years non-cancelable operating leases            $7,655                 $2,313                 $3,129            $2,170         $43
capital leases including interest   116                 40                         76                           -         -
open purchase orders                       51,855                 51,855                      -                 -         -
total contractual obligations             $59,626                $54,208                 $3,205            $2,170         $43
open purchase orders in the above table represent both cancelable and non-cancelable purchase orders with key vendors, which are included in this table due to the company's strategic relationships with these vendors.
we are subject to u.s. federal income tax as well as income taxes imposed by several states and foreign jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2017, we had $4.2 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. the settlement period for our long-term income tax liabilities cannot be determined; however, the liabilities are expected to increase by approximately $0.2 million within the next 12 months.
off-balance sheet arrangements the discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k is incorporated by reference herein.
42
critical accounting estimates we have identified the following accounting estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. the preparation of this annual report on form 10-k requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. while we do not believe that a change in these estimates is reasonably likely, there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ from these estimates. the effect of these estimates on our business operations is discussed below.
product warranties the company warranties its cews, axon cameras and certain related accessories from manufacturing defects on a limited basis for a period of one year after purchase and, thereafter, will replace any defective unit for a fee. estimated costs for the standard warranty are charged to cost of products sold when revenue is recorded for the related product. future warranty costs are estimated based on historical data related to warranty claims on a quarterly basis and this rate is applied to current product sales. historically, reserve amounts have been increased if management becomes aware of a component failure or other issue that could result in larger than anticipated warranty claims from customers. the warranty reserve is reviewed quarterly to verify that it sufficiently reflects the remaining warranty obligations based on the anticipated expenditures over the balance of the warranty obligation period, and adjustments are made when actual warranty claim experience differs from estimates. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, our warranty reserve was approximately $0.6 million and $0.8 million, respectively. warranty expense (recoveries) for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $0.1 million, $0.6 million and $(0.1) million, respectively. the decrease in warranty reserve and related expense as of and for the year ended ended december 31, 2017 was primarily driven by lower than initially expected warranty claims for the axon body 2 on-officer body camera. as of december 31, 2017, the company's warranty reserve included initial reserves related to the new axon flex 2 on-officer camera and axon fleet in-car camera systems.
revenue related to separately-priced extended warranties is initially recorded as deferred revenue at its contractual amount and subsequently recognized as net sales on a straight-line basis over the warranty service period. costs related to extended warranties are charged to cost of product and service sales when incurred.
inventory inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. cost is determined using the weighted average cost of raw materials, which approximates the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method and includes allocations of manufacturing labor and overhead. provisions are made to reduce potentially excess, obsolete or slow-moving inventories, as well as trial and evaluation inventories to their net realizable value. these provisions are based on management's best estimate after considering historical demand, projected future demand, inventory purchase commitments, industry and market trends and conditions among other factors. management evaluates inventory costs for abnormal costs due to excess production capacity and treats such costs as period costs.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company recorded provisions to reduce inventories to their lower of cost and net realizable value of approximately $2.0 million compared to $1.2 million during 2016. the increase in provisions made during 2017 was primarily attributable to increased deployments of trial and evaluation equipment and was also attributable to the phasing out of certain previous generations of its cews, the legacy taser x26, taser m26 and taser c2 models. the remaining increase in the provision for 2017 was driven by analyses looking at projected sales data for existing products and making corresponding adjustments to state inventories at their lower of cost and net realizable value.
revenue recognition, deferred revenue and accounts and notes receivable the company derives revenue from two primary sources: (1) the sale of physical products, including cews, axon cameras, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories such as axon docks, cartridges and batteries, among others, and (2) subscription to the company's evidence.com digital evidence management software as a service ("saas") (including data storage fees and other ancillary services), which includes varying levels of support. to a lesser extent, the company also recognizes training, professional services and revenue related to other software and saas services. revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, title has transferred, the price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. contractual arrangements may contain explicit customer acceptance provisions, and under such arrangements, the company defers recognition of revenue until formal customer acceptance is received. extended warranty revenue, saas revenue and related data storage revenue are recognized ratably over the term of the contract commencing on a pre-determined date subsequent to the delivery of the hardware. training and professional service revenues are generally recorded once the services are completed.
43
revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables are divided into separate units and revenue is allocated using the relative selling price method based upon vendor-specific objective evidence ("vsoe") of selling price or third-party evidence of the selling prices if vsoe of selling prices does not exist. if neither vsoe nor third-party evidence exists, management uses its best estimate of selling price. the majority of the company's allocations of arrangement consideration under multiple element arrangements are performed utilizing prices charged to customers for deliverables when sold separately. the company's multiple element arrangements may include rights to future cews and/or axon devices to be delivered at defined points within a multi-year contract, and in those arrangements, the company allocates total arrangement consideration over the life of the multi-year contract to future deliverables using management's best estimate of selling price. the company has not utilized third-party evidence of selling price.
for the the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the composition of revenue recognized from arrangements containing multiple elements and those not containing multiple elements was as follows:
for the year ended december 31, 2017
taser weapons                      software and sensors                               total arrangements with multiple elements          $53,865           23.0    %          $102,529              93.8     %          $156,394          45.5   %
arrangements without multiple elements       180,647           77.0                  6,757               6.2                 187,404          54.5
total                                       $234,512          100.0    %          $109,286             100.0     %          $343,798         100.0   %
for the year ended december 31, 2016
taser weapons                    software and sensors                               total arrangements with multiple elements          $34,558           17.1    %         $56,270              85.8     %           $90,828          33.9   %
arrangements without multiple elements       168,086           82.9                9,331              14.2                 177,417          66.1
total                                       $202,644          100.0    %         $65,601             100.0     %          $268,245         100.0   %
for the year ended december 31, 2015
taser weapons                    software and sensors                               total arrangements with multiple elements          $11,141            6.9    %         $26,489              74.6     %           $37,630          19.0   %
arrangements without multiple elements       151,234           93.1                9,028              25.4                 160,262          81.0
total                                       $162,375          100.0    %         $35,517             100.0     %          $197,892         100.0   %
the company offers the opportunity to purchase extended warranties that include additional services and coverage beyond the standard limited warranty for certain products. revenue for extended warranty purchases is deferred at the time of sale and recognized over the warranty period commencing on the date of sale. extended warranties range from one to five years.
evidence.com and axon cameras and related accessories have stand-alone value to the customer and are sometimes sold separately, but in most instances are sold together. in these instances, customers typically purchase and pay for the equipment and one year of evidence.com in advance. additional years of service are generally billed annually over a specified service term, which has typically ranged from one to five years. generally, the company recognizes revenue for the axon equipment at the time of the sale consistent with the discussion of multiple deliverable arrangements above. revenue for evidence.com is deferred at the time of the sale and recognized over the service period. at times, the company discounts the price of axon devices provided to customers to secure long-term evidence.com service contracts. in such circumstances, revenue related to the axon devices recognized at the time of delivery is limited to the amount allocated to the axon device deliverable that the company is contractually entitled to that is not contingent upon the delivery of future evidence.com services. the company recognizes the remaining allocated contingent revenue related to discounted axon devices over the remaining period it provides the contracted evidence.com services.
sales tax collected on sales is netted against government remittances and thus, recorded on a net basis.
deferred revenue consists of payments received in advance related to products and services for which the criteria for revenue recognition have not yet been met. deferred revenue that will be recognized during the subsequent twelve month period from the balance sheet date is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as long-term. generally, customers are billed in annual installments. see note 7 for further disclosures about the company's deferred revenue.
the company records reductions to net sales for expected future product returns based on the company's historical experience.
44
sales are typically made on credit, and the company generally does not require collateral. management performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition, and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts. uncollectible accounts are charged to expense when deemed uncollectible, and accounts and notes receivable are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. this allowance represents management's best estimate and application of judgment considering a number of factors, including third-party credit reports, actual payment history, cash discounts, customer-specific financial information and broader market and economic trends and conditions.
valuation of goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets the company does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. such assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually, or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. the company performs its annual impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of each year. finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. management evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long-lived assets and intangible assets may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of these assets, including intangible assets with indefinite lives, may not be recoverable.
circumstances that might indicate long-lived assets might not be recoverable could include, but are not limited to, a change in the product mix, a change in the way products are created, produced or delivered, or a significant change in the way the company's products are branded and marketed. when performing a review for recoverability, management estimates the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. the amount of the impairment loss, if impairment exists, is calculated based on the excess of the carrying amounts of the assets over their estimated fair value computed using discounted cash flows. during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company abandoned certain developed technology acquired in a business combination resulting in an impairment charge of $1.0 million. no impairment losses were recorded during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.
income taxes we recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. we also recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. management must also assess whether uncertain tax positions as filed could result in the recognition of a liability for possible interest and penalties if any. we have completed research and development tax credit studies which identified approximately $15.2 million in tax credits for federal, arizona and california income tax purposes related to the 2003 through 2017 tax years, net of the federal benefit on the arizona and california research and development tax credits. management determined that it was more likely than not that the full benefit of the research and development tax credit would not be sustained on examination and accordingly, has established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $4.1 million as of december 31, 2017. in addition, we established a $0.1 million liability related to uncertain tax positions for certain state income tax liabilities, for a total unrecognized tax benefit at december 31, 2017 of $4.2 million. management expects the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit liability to increase by approximately $0.2 million within the next 12 months. should the unrecognized tax benefit of $4.2 million be recognized, the company's effective tax rate would be favorably impacted. our estimates are based on the information available to us at the time we prepare the income tax provisions. our income tax returns are subject to audit by federal, state, and local governments, generally years after the returns are filed. these returns could be subject to material adjustments or differing interpretations of the tax laws.
our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. our estimates of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting or tax laws in the u.s. and overseas, or changes in other facts or circumstances. in addition, we recognize liabilities for potential u.s. tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. if we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, or if the recorded tax liability is greater than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit, or additional income tax expense, respectively, in our consolidated financial statements.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements, management assesses the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred income tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable
45
income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. a valuation allowance is established if we determine that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized.
although management believes that its tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax determination involves significant judgments that could become subject to audit by tax authorities in the ordinary course of business. as of december 31, 2017, the company would need to generate approximately $56.0 million of pre-tax book income in order to realize the net deferred tax assets for which a benefit has been recorded. this estimate considers the reversal of approximately $14.6 million of gross deferred tax liabilities, $3.5 million tax-effected. we have state net operating losses ("nols") of $4.5 million, which produce deferred tax assets of $0.2 million, which expire at various dates between 2019 and 2036. we anticipate the company's future income to continue to trend upward from our 2017 results, with sufficient pre-tax book income to realize a large portion of our deferred tax assets. however, based on specific income projections in years in which certain tax assets are set to expire, and cumulative losses in certain foreign tax jurisdictions, a reserve of approximately $5.4 million has been recorded as a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2017.
stock-based compensation we have historically granted stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. the company recognizes expense related to stock-based payment transactions in which it receives employee services in exchange for equity instruments of the company. stock-based compensation expense for rsus is measured based on the closing fair market value of the company's common stock on the date of grant. the company recognizes stock-based compensation expense over the award's requisite service period on a straight-line basis for time-based rsus and on a graded basis for rsus that are contingent on the achievement of performance conditions. the company recognizes forfeitures as they occur as a reduction to stock-based compensation expense and to additional paid-in-capital.
the company calculates the fair value of stock options using the black-scholes-merton option pricing valuation model, which incorporates various assumptions including expected volatility, expected life, expected dividends and risk-free interest rates. no options were awarded during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 or 2015.
we have granted a total of approximately 2.0 million performance-based awards (options and restricted stock units) of which approximately 0.7 million are outstanding as of december 31, 2017, the vesting of which is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria including the successful development and market acceptance of future product introductions as well as our future sales targets and operating performance. these awards will vest and compensation expense will be recognized based on management's best estimate of the probability of the performance criteria being satisfied using the most currently available projections of future product adoption and operating performance, adjusted at each balance sheet date. changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair value of stock-based compensation and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations.
contingencies and accrued litigation expense we are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including product-related litigation. we consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. an estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required. refer to note 9 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
