item 1a.   risk factors.
volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, and adverse changes in the global economy, may significantly affect our results of operations and may put pressure on our financial results. the capital and credit markets may from time to time experience volatility and disruption worldwide. declines in global financial market conditions have in the past resulted in significant decreases in our assets under management ("aum"), revenues and income, and future declines may further negatively impact our financial results. such declines have had and may in the future have an adverse impact on our results of operations. we may need to modify our business, strategies or operations and we may be subject to additional constraints or costs in order to compete in a changing global economy and business environment.
the amount and mix of our aum are subject to significant fluctuations. fluctuations in the amount and mix of our aum may be attributable in part to market conditions outside of our control that have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our revenues and income. we derive substantially all of our operating revenues and net income from providing investment management and related services to investors globally through products that include investment funds and institutional, high net-worth and separately-managed accounts (collectively, our "sponsored investment products" or "sips"). the level of our revenues depends largely on the level and mix of aum. our investment management fee revenues are primarily based on a percentage of the value of aum and vary with the nature of the sips managed. any decrease in the value or amount of our aum because of market volatility or other factors, such as a decline in the price of stocks, in particular market segments or in the securities market generally, negatively impacts our revenues and income. we are subject to significant risk of asset volatility from changes in the global financial, equity, debt and commodity markets. individual financial, equity, debt and commodity markets may be adversely affected by financial, economic, political, electoral, diplomatic or other instabilities that are particular to the country or region in which a market is located, including without limitation local acts of terrorism, economic crises, political protests, insurrection or other business, social or political crises. global economic conditions, exacerbated by war, terrorism, natural disasters or financial crises, changes in the equity, debt or commodity marketplaces, changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, the yield curve, defaults by trading counterparties, bond defaults, revaluation and bond market liquidity risks, geopolitical risks, the imposition of economic sanctions and other factors that are difficult to predict, affect the mix, market values and levels of our aum. for example, changes in financial market prices, currency exchange rates and/or interest rates have in the past and could in the future cause the value of our aum to decline, which would result in lower investment management fee revenues. changing market conditions could also cause an impairment to the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. the funds we manage may be subject to liquidity risks or an unanticipated large number of redemptions as a result of the events or conditions described above, causing the funds to sell securities they hold, possibly at a loss, or draw on any available lines of credit, to obtain cash to maintain sufficient liquidity or settle these redemptions, or settle in-kind with securities held in the applicable fund. we have in the past, and may in the future, at our discretion, provide financial support to funds we manage to enable them to maintain sufficient liquidity in any such event. changes in investor preferences regarding our more popular investment products have in the past and could in the future cause sizable redemptions and lower the value of our aum, which would result in lower revenue and operating results. moreover, changing market conditions may cause a shift in our asset mix between international and u.s. assets, potentially resulting in a decline in our revenues and income depending upon the nature of our aum and the level of management fees we earn based on our aum. we generally derive higher investment management and distribution fees from our international products than from our u.s. products, and higher sales fees from our u.s. products than from our international products. additionally, changing market conditions may cause a shift in our asset mix towards fixed income products and away from equity and multi-asset/balanced products, and a related decline in our revenues and income, as we generally derive higher fee revenues and income from equity and certain multi-asset/balanced products than from fixed income products we manage. further, changing market conditions and investor preferences also may cause a shift in our asset mix towards lower fee exchange traded funds. increases in interest rates, in particular if rapid, as well as any uncertainty in the future direction of interest rates, may have a negative impact on our fixed income products. although the shorter duration of the bond investments in many of these products may help mitigate the interest rate risk, rising interest rates or interest rate uncertainty typically decrease the total return on many bond investments due to lower market valuations of existing bonds. any decrease in the level of our aum resulting from market declines, interest rate volatility or uncertainty, increased redemptions or other factors could negatively impact our revenues and income.
we are subject to extensive, complex, overlapping and frequently changing rules, regulations, policies, and legal interpretations. there is uncertainty associated with the regulatory environments in which we operate. as described below, our business is subject to extensive and complex, overlapping and/or conflicting, and frequently changing and increasing rules, regulations, policies and legal interpretations in the countries in which we operate. our regulatory and compliance obligations impose significant operational and cost burdens on us and cover a broad range of requirements related to securities
19
and other financial instruments, investment and advisory matters, accounting, tax, compensation, ethics, data protection, privacy, sanctions programs, and escheatment laws and regulations.
as a u.s. reporting company, we are subject to u.s. federal securities laws, state laws regarding securities fraud, other federal and state laws and rules and regulations of certain regulatory and self-regulatory organizations, including those rules and regulations promulgated by, among others, the u.s. securities and exchange commission ("sec") and the new york stock exchange. as a global investment management organization, certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to the rules and regulations promulgated by the sec, the financial industry regulatory authority, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission ("cftc"), the national futures association, the u.s. department of justice ("doj"), the u.s. department of labor ("dol") and the u.s. department of treasury. given our global operations, we are also subject to securities laws and other laws of various non-u.s. jurisdictions and to regulation by non-u.s. regulators including, among others, the united kingdom ("u.k.") financial conduct authority, the luxembourg commission de surveillance du secteur financier, the canadian provincial and territorial securities regulatory authorities, the monetary authority of singapore, the australian securities and investments commission, the hong kong securities and futures commission, the securities and exchange board of india, the japanese financial services agency and various international stock exchanges. in some cases, our non-u.s. operations may also be subject to regulation by u.s. regulators, such as the sec, the cftc and the doj (for example, with respect to the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977). we are also subject not only to the sanctions programs administered by the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control, but also to sanctions programs adopted and administered by non-u.s. jurisdictions, including the european union ("eu"), where our investment management services and products are offered. we are also subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions regarding the reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned property. further, certain federal and state anti-takeover or business combination laws may impose various disclosure and procedural requirements on the ability of a person to acquire control of us, which may discourage potential merger and acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control, including through transactions that some stockholders may consider desirable.
certain of our subsidiaries are registered with the sec under the investment advisers act of 1940, the cftc and/or licensed by various non-u.s. regulators. in addition, many of our funds are registered with the sec under the investment company act of 1940 (the "investment company act") or authorized by various european and other non-u.s. regulators pursuant to the eu's undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities ("ucits") directive or under other non-u.s. laws in europe, the middle east and africa, asia-pacific, canada and latin america. these registrations, licenses and authorizations impose numerous obligations, as well as detailed operational requirements, on such subsidiaries and such funds. our subsidiaries must also comply with complex tax regimes.
financial reporting requirements, and the processes, controls and procedures that have been put in place to address them, are often comprehensive and complex. we may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations or by changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations. political and electoral changes, developments and conflicts may also introduce additional uncertainty. while management has focused attention and resources on our compliance policies, procedures and practices, non-compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, conflicts of interest requirements or fiduciary principles, or our inability to keep up with, or adapt to, an ever changing, complex regulatory environment, could result in civil liability, criminal liability and/or sanctions against us, including fines and censures, injunctive relief, suspension or expulsion from a particular jurisdiction or market or the revocation of licenses or charters, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, prospects, revenues and income. moreover, any potential accounting or reporting error, whether financial or otherwise, if material, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010 (the "dodd-frank act") authorized the establishment of the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc"), the mandate of which is to identify and respond to threats to u.s. financial stability. similarly, the u.s. and other members of the g-20 group of nations have empowered the financial stability board ("fsb") to identify and respond, in a coordinated manner, to threats to global financial stability. the fsoc may designate certain non-bank financial companies as systemically important financial institutions ("sifis"), which are subject to supervision and regulation by the board of governors of the federal reserve system. the fsb may designate certain non-bank financial companies as global systemically important financial institutions ("g-sifis"); the additional regulatory requirements triggered by any such designation are not yet established. the fsoc and the fsb, as well as other global regulators including the european commission, are considering what threats to u.s., eu and global financial stability, if any, arise from asset management companies and/or the funds that they manage, and whether such threats can be mitigated by treating such entities as sifis or g-sifis and/or subjecting them to additional regulation. to the extent that we or any of our funds are designated as a sifi or g-sifi, such regulation, which could include requirements related to risk-
20
based capital, leverage, liquidity, credit exposure, stress testing, resolution plans, early remediation, and certain risk management requirements, could impact our business. the dodd-frank act, as well as other legislative and regulatory changes, impose other restrictions and limitations on us, resulting in increased scrutiny and oversight of our financial services and products. we continue to analyze the impact of the dodd-frank act as implementing rules are adopted and become effective. under the dodd-frank act, which imposes a number of regulations governing derivative transactions, certain categories of swaps are currently required, and further categories of swaps are likely to be required, to be submitted for clearing by a regulated clearing organization and reported on a swap execution facility. the eu and other countries are in the process of implementing similar requirements, and there is some risk that full mutual recognition may not be achieved between the various regimes, and duplication of regulation and transaction costs may result. these and other requirements are likely to impact how we manage our investment strategies because of, among other things, an increase in the costs and expenses of utilizing swaps and other derivatives. in addition, the sec has adopted rules that have changed the structure and operation for certain types of money market funds, and that will require certain registered funds to adopt liquidity management programs. (full compliance with the latter is required by december 1, 2018.) the sec has also proposed a rule that would impose restrictions on the use of derivatives by registered funds. we expect that the complex regulatory requirements and developments applicable to us will cause us to incur additional administrative and compliance costs.
the laws and regulations applicable to our business generally involve restrictions and requirements in connection with a variety of technical, specialized, and expanding matters and concerns. for example, compliance with the bank secrecy act of 1970, anti-money laundering and know your customer requirements, and economic, trade and other sanctions, both domestically and internationally, has taken on heightened importance as a result of efforts to, among other things, limit terrorism and actions that undermine the stability, sovereignty and territorial integrity of countries. at the same time, there has been increased regulation with respect to the protection of customer privacy and the need to secure sensitive customer information. as we continue to address these requirements or focus on meeting new or expanded ones, we may expend a substantial amount of time and resources. any inability to meet these requirements within the required timeframes may subject us to sanctions or other restrictions by governments and/or regulators that could adversely impact our broader business objectives.
global regulatory and legislative actions and reforms have made the regulatory environment in which we operate more costly and future actions and reforms could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. the u.s. federal securities laws have been augmented substantially and made significantly more complex by, among other measures, the dodd-frank act, the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 and the usa patriot act of 2001. similarly, the securities and related laws outside the u.s. have been augmented substantially and made more complex by measures such as the eu's alternative investment fund managers directive ("aifmd") and markets in financial instruments directive ii ("mifid ii"). although negotiations between the u.k. and eu regarding the u.k.'s proposed withdrawal from the eu ("brexit") began in june 2017, it is still unclear what terms may be agreed to in the final outcome and for any transitional period. ongoing changes in the eu's regulatory framework applicable to our business, including changes related to brexit and any other changes in the composition of the eu's member states, may add further complexity to our global risks and operations. moreover, the adoption of new laws, regulations or standards and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, regulations or standards have directly affected, and will continue to affect, our business. with new laws and changes in interpretation of existing requirements, the associated time we must dedicate to and related costs we must incur in meeting the regulatory complexities of our business have increased. in particular, certain provisions of the dodd-frank act and mifid ii still require the adoption of implementing rules. we may be required to invest significant additional management time and resources to address the new regulations being adopted pursuant to the dodd-frank act, mifid ii and other laws. for example, mifid ii requires the "unbundling" of research and execution charges for trading. the final rules in this area, and the industry's response to them, are still evolving and could lead to increased research costs. outlays associated with meeting regulatory complexities have also increased as we expand our business into new jurisdictions.
effective may 2018, the eu's general data protection regulation ("gdpr") will strengthen and unify data protection rules for individuals within the eu. gdpr also addresses export of personal data outside the eu. the primary objectives of gdpr are to give citizens control of their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying data protection regulation within the eu. compliance with the stringent rules under gdpr will require an extensive review of all of our global data processing systems. a failure to comply with gdpr could result in fines up to 20 million euros or 4% of annual global revenues, whichever is higher.
further, pursuant to ongoing efforts to encourage global tax compliance, the organization for economic co-operation and development has adopted a global common reporting standard for the automatic exchange of financial information among participating countries ("crs"), aimed at ensuring that persons with financial assets located outside of their tax residence
21
country pay required taxes. in many cases, intergovernmental agreements between the participating countries will govern implementation of the new crs rules. crs will be implemented over a multi-year period and we will continue to monitor the implementing regulations and corresponding intergovernmental agreements to determine our requirements. crs may subject us to additional reporting, compliance and administrative costs and burdens in jurisdictions where we operate as a qualifying financial institution.
compliance activities to address these and other new legal requirements have required, and will continue to require, us to expend additional time and resources, and, consequently, we are incurring increased costs of doing business, which potentially negatively impacts our profitability and future financial results. finally, any further regulatory and legislative actions and reforms affecting the investment management industry, including compliance initiatives, may negatively impact revenues by increasing our costs of accessing or operating in the financial markets or by making certain investment offerings less favorable to our clients.
failure to comply with the laws, rules or regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in substantial harm to our reputation and results of operations. as with all investment management companies, our activities are highly regulated in almost all countries in which we conduct business. the regulatory environments of the jurisdictions where we conduct our business or where our sips are organized or sold are complex, uncertain and subject to change. local regulatory environments may vary widely and place additional demands on our sales, investment, legal and compliance personnel. failure to comply with the applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes, directives, notices or guidelines in any of our jurisdictions could result in a wide range of penalties and disciplinary actions, including fines, censures and the suspension or expulsion from a particular jurisdiction or market or the revocation of licenses, any of which could adversely affect our reputation and operations. in recent years, the regulatory environments in which we operate have seen significant increased and evolving regulations, which have imposed and may continue to impose additional compliance and operational requirements and costs on us in the applicable jurisdictions. regulators could also change their policies or laws in a manner that might restrict or otherwise impede our ability to offer our investment products and services in their respective markets, or we may be unable to keep up with, or adapt to, the ever changing, complex regulatory requirements in such jurisdictions or markets, which could further negatively impact our business.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, and are subject to ongoing tax audits, in various jurisdictions in which we operate. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. however, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes could have a material impact on our net income or financial condition. changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially impact our effective tax rate. for example, proposals for fundamental u.s. corporate tax reform, if enacted, could change the amount of taxes we are required to pay and could have a significant impact on our future results of operations, profitability and financial condition.
any significant limitation, failure or security breach of our information and cyber security infrastructure, software applications, technology or other systems that are critical to our operations could disrupt our business and harm our operations and reputation. we are highly dependent upon the use of various proprietary and third-party information and security technology, software applications and other technology systems to operate our business. we are also dependent on the continuity and effectiveness of our information and cyber security infrastructure, policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our computer and telecommunications systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them and contracted third-party systems. we use technology to, among other things, support our business continuity and operations, store and maintain data, obtain securities pricing information, process client transactions, and provide reports and other customer services to the clients of the products we manage. any disruptions, inaccuracies, delays, systems failures, data or privacy breaches, or other security breaches (including any cyber security breaches) in these and other processes could subject us to client dissatisfaction and losses and damage our reputation. although we take protective measures, including measures to effectively secure information through system security technology, the technology systems we use are vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other events that have a security impact, such as an external hacker attack by one or more cyber criminals (including phishing attacks attempting to obtain confidential information) or an authorized employee or vendor inadvertently causing us to release confidential information, which could materially harm our operations and reputation. potential system disruptions, failures or breaches of the technology systems we use, and the costs necessary to address them, could result in: material financial loss or costs; the unauthorized disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential information; loss of valuable information; breach of client contracts; liability for stolen assets, information or identity; remediation costs to repair
22
damage caused by the failure or breach; additional security costs to mitigate against future incidents; reputational harm; regulatory actions; and/or legal claims, liability and litigation costs resulting from the incident. moreover, loss or unauthorized disclosure or transfer of confidential customer identification information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under laws that protect confidential personal data, resulting in increased costs or a decline in our revenues or common stock price. further, although we take precautions to password protect and encrypt our laptops and sensitive information on our other mobile electronic devices, if such devices are stolen, misplaced or left unattended, they may become vulnerable to hacking or other unauthorized use, creating a possible security risk and resulting in potentially costly actions by us.
most of the software applications that we use in our business are licensed from, and supported, upgraded and maintained by, third-party vendors. our third-party applications include enterprise cloud storage and cloud computing application services provided and maintained by third-party vendors. a suspension or termination of certain of these licenses or the related support, upgrades and maintenance could cause temporary system delays or interruption that could adversely impact our business. also, our third-party applications may include confidential and proprietary data provided by vendors and by us. we may be subject to indemnification costs and liability to third parties if we breach any confidentiality obligations regarding vendor data, for losses related to the data, or if data we provide is deemed to infringe upon the rights of others. in addition, the failure to properly manage and operate the data centers we use could have an adverse impact on our business. although we have in place certain disaster recovery plans, we may experience system delays and interruptions as a result of natural disasters, power failures, acts of war, and third-party failures. technology is subject to rapid advancements and changes and our competitors may from time to time implement more advanced technology platforms for their products and services, including digital advisors and other advanced electronic systems, which could adversely affect our business if we are unable to remain competitive.
our business operations are complex and a failure to properly perform operational tasks or the misrepresentation of our products and services, or the termination of investment management agreements representing a significant portion of our aum, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and income. through our subsidiaries, we provide investment management and related services to our sips. in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales, distribution, marketing, shareholder servicing, and other services. in order to be competitive and comply with our agreements, we must properly perform our fund and portfolio administration and related responsibilities, including portfolio recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, investment restrictions compliance, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. many of our operations are complex and dependent on our ability to effectively process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which may occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although we expend considerable resources on internal controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable guidelines, rules and regulations or adversely affect our clients, counterparties or us, our operations are ultimately dependent on our employees who may, from time to time, make mistakes that are not always immediately detected, which may disrupt our operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or sanctions, or otherwise damage our reputation. in addition, any misrepresentation of our products and services in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications could also adversely affect our reputation and business prospects. our investment management fees, which represent the majority of our revenues, are dependent on fees earned under investment management agreements that we have with our sips. our revenues could be adversely affected if such agreements representing a significant portion of our aum are terminated or significantly altered. further, certain of our subsidiaries may act as general partner for various investment partnerships, which may subject them to liability for the partnerships' liabilities. if we fail to properly perform and monitor our operations, our business could suffer and our revenues and income could be adversely affected.
we face risks, and corresponding potential costs and expenses, associated with conducting operations and growing our business in numerous countries. we sell our sips and offer investment management and related services in many different regulatory jurisdictions around the world, and intend to continue to expand our operations internationally. as we do so, we will continue to face challenges to the adequacy of our resources, procedures and controls to consistently and effectively operate our business. in order to remain competitive, we must be proactive and prepared to implement necessary resources when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. local regulatory environments may vary widely in terms of scope, adequacy and sophistication. similarly, local distributors, and their policies and practices as well as financial viability, may also vary widely, or be inconsistent or less developed or mature than other more internationally focused distributors. notwithstanding potential long-term cost savings by increasing certain operations, such as transfer agent and other back-office operations, in countries or regions of the world with lower operating costs, growth of our international operations may involve near-term increases in expenses as well as additional capital costs, such as information systems and technology costs and costs related to compliance
23
with particular regulatory or other local requirements or needs. local requirements or needs may also place additional demands on sales and compliance personnel and resources, such as meeting local language requirements, while also integrating personnel into an organization with a single operating language. finding, hiring and retaining additional, well-qualified personnel and crafting and adopting policies, procedures and controls to address local or regional requirements remain a challenge as we expand our operations internationally. moreover, regulators in non-u.s. jurisdictions could also change their policies or laws in a manner that might restrict or otherwise impede our ability to distribute or authorize investment products or maintain their authorizations in their respective markets. any of these local requirements, activities, or needs could increase the costs and expenses we incur in a specific jurisdiction without any corresponding increase in revenues and income from operating in the jurisdiction. certain laws and regulations both inside and outside the u.s. have included extraterritorial application. this may lead to duplicative or conflicting legal or regulatory burdens and additional costs and risks. in addition, from time to time we enter into international joint ventures or take minority stakes in companies in which we typically do not have control. these investments may involve risks, including the risk that the controlling stakeholder or our joint venture partner may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours, and the risk that business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling stakeholder, our joint venture partner or the entity itself may result in liability for us or harm to our reputation or adversely affect the value of our investment in the entity.
we depend on key personnel and our financial performance could be negatively affected by the loss of their services. the success of our business will continue to depend upon our key personnel, including our portfolio and fund managers, investment analysts, investment advisers, sales and management personnel and other professionals as well as our executive officers and business unit heads. competition for qualified, motivated, and highly skilled executives, professionals and other key personnel in the investment management industry remains significant. our success depends to a substantial degree upon our ability to find, attract, retain and motivate qualified individuals, including through competitive compensation packages, and upon the continued contributions of these people. laws and regulations, including those contained in or relating to the eu's capital requirements directive, those adopted under aifmd and ucits and those required to be adopted under the dodd-frank act, could impose restrictions on compensation paid by financial institutions, which could restrict our ability to compete effectively for qualified professionals. as our business grows, we are likely to need to increase correspondingly the overall number of individuals that we employ. moreover, in order to retain certain key personnel, we may be required to increase compensation to such individuals, resulting in additional expense without a corresponding increase in potential revenues. there is no assurance that we will be successful in finding, attracting and retaining qualified individuals, and the departure of key investment personnel, in particular, if not replaced, could cause us to lose clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects.
strong competition from numerous and sometimes larger companies with competing offerings and products could limit or reduce sales of our products, potentially resulting in a decline in our market share, revenues and income. we compete with numerous investment management companies, securities brokerage and investment banking firms, insurance companies, banks and other financial institutions. our investment products also compete with products offered by these competitors, as well as with real estate investment trusts, hedge funds and other products. the periodic establishment of new investment management companies and other competitors increases the competition that we face. at the same time, consolidation in the financial services industry has created stronger competitors with greater financial resources and broader distribution channels than our own. competition is based on various factors, including, among others, business reputation, investment performance, product mix and offerings, service quality and innovation, distribution relationships, and fees charged. further, although we may offer certain types of exchange-traded funds, to the extent that there is a trend among existing or potential clients in favor of lower fee index and other exchange-traded funds, it may favor our competitors who may offer such products that are more established or on a larger scale than we do. additionally, competing securities broker-dealers, whom we rely upon to distribute and sell certain of our funds and other investment products, may also sell their own proprietary funds and investment products, which could limit the distribution of our products. to the extent that existing or potential clients, including securities broker-dealers, decide to invest in or distribute the products of our competitors, the sales of our products as well as our market share, revenues and income could decline. our ability to attract and retain aum is also dependent on the relative investment performance of our sips, offering a mix of sips that meets investor demand and our ability to maintain our investment management fees and pricing structure at competitive levels.
changes in the third-party distribution and sales channels on which we depend could reduce our income and hinder our growth. we derive nearly all of our fund sales through third-party broker-dealers, banks, investment advisers and other financial intermediaries. increasing competition for these distribution channels and regulatory initiatives have caused our distribution costs to rise and could cause further increases in the future or could otherwise negatively impact the distribution of our products. pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the sec may establish different standards for broker-dealers in their interaction
24
with retail customers, which could have an impact on sales and/or distribution costs. in addition, the sec has proposed changes to rule 12b-1 promulgated under the investment company act which, if adopted, could limit our ability to recover expenses relating to the distribution of our u.s.-registered funds. higher distribution costs lower our income; consolidations in the broker-dealer industry could also adversely impact our income. moreover, if several of the major financial advisers who distribute our products were to cease operations or limit or otherwise end the distribution of our products, it could have a significant adverse impact on our income. in april 2016, the dol issued a new fiduciary rule that will subject financial professionals who provide investment advice to certain u.s. retirement clients to a new fiduciary duty intended to address conflicts of interests. we believe that the rule could significantly impact the ability of financial professionals to provide investment advice and recommendations for retirement accounts about funds for which they receive a fee from the fund or its affiliates. this rule may impact the compensation paid to the financial intermediaries who sell our funds to their retirement clients and may negatively impact our business. certain aspects of the rule became applicable in june 2017, while other aspects of the rule are not expected to become applicable until january 1, 2018, subject to any further regulatory update. in addition, the u.k., the netherlands and the eu in mifid ii have adopted regimes which ban, or may limit, the payment of commissions and other inducements to intermediaries in relation to certain sales to retail customers in those jurisdictions, and similar regimes are under consideration in several other jurisdictions. depending on their exact terms, such regimes may result in existing flows of business moving to less profitable channels or even to competitors providing substitutable products outside the regime. arrangements with non-independent advisers will also be affected as narrower rules related to the requirement that commissions reflect an enhancement of the service to customers come into effect, along with a prescriptive list of permissible non-monetary benefits. the interpretation of the inducements rules has also resulted in major changes to how fund managers finance investment research with many firms, including ours, opting to pay for third-party investment research for client accounts covered by mifid ii. there is no assurance we will continue to have access to the third-party broker-dealers, banks, investment advisers and other financial intermediaries that currently distribute our products, or continue to have the opportunity to offer all or some of our existing products through them. a failure to maintain strong business relationships with such distributors may also impair our distribution and sales operations. because we use broker-dealers, banks, investment advisers and other financial intermediaries to sell our products, we do not control the ultimate investment recommendations given to clients. any inability to access and successfully sell our products to clients through third-party distribution channels could have a negative effect on our level of aum, income and overall business and financial condition.
our increasing focus on international markets as a source of investments and sales of investment products subjects us to increased exchange rate and market-specific political, economic or other risks that may adversely impact our revenues and income generated overseas. while we maintain a significant portion of our operations in the u.s., we also provide services and earn revenues in europe, the middle east and africa, asia-pacific, canada, the bahamas and latin america. as a result, we are subject to foreign currency exchange risk through our non-u.s. operations. fluctuations in the exchange rates to the u.s. dollar have affected and may in the future affect our financial results from one period to the next. while we have taken steps to reduce our exposure to foreign exchange risk, for example, by denominating a significant amount of our transactions in u.s. dollars, the situation may change in the future as our business continues to grow outside the u.s. appreciation of the u.s. dollar has and could in the future moderate revenues from managing investment products internationally, or could affect relative investment performance of certain of our sips invested in non-u.s. securities. in addition, we have risk associated with the foreign exchange revaluation of u.s. dollar balances held by certain non-u.s. subsidiaries for which the local currency is the functional currency. separately, management fees that we earn tend to be higher in connection with non-u.s. aum than with u.s. aum. consequently, downturns in international markets have in the past and could in the future have a significant effect on our revenues and income. moreover, our emerging market portfolios and revenues derived from managing these portfolios are subject to significant risks of loss from financial, economic, political and diplomatic developments, currency fluctuations, social instability, changes in governmental policies, expropriation, nationalization, asset confiscation and changes in legislation related to non-u.s. ownership. international trading markets, particularly in some emerging market countries, are often smaller, less liquid, less regulated and significantly more volatile than those in the u.s. as our business continues to grow in non-u.s. markets, any ongoing and future business, economic, political or social unrest affecting these markets, in addition to any direct consequences such unrest may have on our personnel and facilities located in the affected area, may also have a more lasting impact on the long-term investment climate in these and other areas and, as a result, our aum and the corresponding revenues and income that we generate from them may be negatively affected.
harm to our reputation or poor investment performance of our products could reduce the level of our aum or affect our sales, and negatively impact our revenues and income. our reputation is critical to the success of our business. we believe that our brand names have been, and continue to be, well received both in our industry and with our clients, reflecting the fact that our brands, like our business, are based in part on trust and confidence. if our reputation is harmed, existing clients may reduce amounts held in, or withdraw entirely from, our sips or our sips may terminate their management agreements with
25
us, which could reduce the amount of our aum and cause us to suffer a corresponding loss in our revenues and income. our investment performance, along with achieving and maintaining superior distribution and client service, is also critical to the success of our business. strong investment performance often stimulates sales of our investment products. poor investment performance as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products has in the past and could in the future lead to a decrease in sales of investment products we manage and stimulate redemptions from existing products, generally lowering the overall level of aum and reducing the management fees we earn. there is no assurance that past or present investment performance in the investment products we manage will be indicative of future performance. any poor investment performance may negatively impact our revenues and income. reputational harm or poor investment performance may cause us to lose current clients and we may be unable to continue to attract new clients or develop new business. if we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, successfully and promptly the underlying causes of any reputational harm or poor investment performance, we may be unsuccessful in repairing any existing harm to our reputation or performance and our future business prospects would likely be affected.
our future results are dependent upon maintaining an appropriate level of expenses, which is subject to fluctuation. the level of our expenses is subject to fluctuation and may increase for the following or other reasons: changes in the level and scope of our operating expenses in response to market conditions or regulations; variations in the level of total compensation expense due to, among other things, bonuses, merit increases and severance costs, changes in our employee count and mix, and competitive factors; and/or changes in expenses and capital costs, including costs incurred to maintain and enhance our administrative and operating services infrastructure or to cover uninsured losses, and an increase in insurance expenses including through the assumption of higher deductibles and/or co-insurance liability.
our ability to successfully manage and grow our business can be impeded by systems and other technological limitations. our continued success in effectively managing and growing our business depends on our ability to integrate the varied accounting, financial, information, and operational systems on a global basis. moreover, adapting or developing the existing technology systems we use to meet our internal needs, as well as client needs, industry demands and new regulatory requirements, is also critical for our business. the introduction of new technologies presents new challenges to us. we have an ongoing need to continually upgrade and improve our various technology systems, including our data processing, financial, accounting, shareholder servicing and trading systems. further, we also must be proactive and prepared to implement technology systems when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. these needs could present operational issues or require, from time to time, significant capital spending. it also may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of the technology systems we use, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, or legal liability. should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, tsunami, terrorist attack, pandemic or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the safety and availability of our personnel, our office facilities and infrastructure, and the proper functioning of our technology, computer, telecommunication and other systems and operations that are critical to our business. while our operational size, the diversity of locations from which we operate, and our various back-up systems provide us with an advantage should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, we could still experience operational challenges, in particular depending upon how a local or regional event may affect our human capital across our operations or with regard to particular aspects of our operations, such as key executive officers or personnel in our technology group. moreover, as we grow our operations in new geographic regions, the potential for particular types of natural or man-made disasters; political, economic or infrastructure instabilities; information, technology or security limitations or breaches; or other country- or region-specific business continuity risks increases. past disaster recovery efforts have demonstrated that even seemingly localized events may require broader disaster recovery efforts throughout our operations and, consequently, we regularly assess and take steps to improve upon our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. however, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, or legal liability.
regulatory and governmental examinations and/or investigations, litigation and the legal risks associated with our business, could adversely impact our aum, increase costs and negatively impact our profitability and/or our future financial results. from time to time we may receive requests for documents or other information from governmental authorities or regulatory bodies. we may also become the subject of governmental or regulatory investigations and/or examinations, or
26
governmental or regulatory investigations and/or examinations that have been inactive could become active. in addition, we may be named as a party in litigation. we may be obligated, and under our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and standard form of director indemnification agreement we are obligated under certain conditions, or we may choose, to indemnify directors, officers or employees against liabilities and expenses they may incur in connection with such matters to the extent permitted under applicable law. even if claims made against us are without merit, litigation typically is an expensive process. risks associated with legal liability often are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. eventual exposures from and expenses incurred relating to any litigation, investigations, examinations and settlements could adversely impact our aum, increase costs and/or negatively impact our profitability and financial results. judgments, findings or allegations of wrongdoing by regulatory or governmental authorities, or in litigation against us or settlements with respect thereto, could affect our reputation, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues, any of which could have a material negative impact on our financial results.
our ability to meet cash needs depends upon certain factors, including the market value of our assets, operating cash flows and our perceived creditworthiness. our ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon factors such as the market value of our assets, our operating cash flows and our creditworthiness as perceived by lenders. if we are unable to obtain cash, financing or access to the capital markets in a timely manner, we may be forced to incur unanticipated costs or revise our business plans, and our business could be adversely impacted. further, our access to the capital markets depends significantly on our credit ratings. a reduction in our long- or short-term credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and limit our access to the capital markets. volatility in the global financing markets may also impact our ability to access the capital markets should we seek to do so, and may have an adverse effect on investors' willingness to purchase our securities, interest rates, credit spreads and/or the valuation levels of equity markets.
we are dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries. substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our cash flow and our ability to fund operations are dependent upon the earnings of our subsidiaries and the distribution of earnings, loans or other payments by our subsidiaries. our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to fund our payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. any payments to us by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions and are contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions which may limit their ability to transfer assets to their parent companies and/or our ability to repatriate assets to the u.s. our financial condition could be adversely affected if certain of our subsidiaries are unable to distribute assets to us.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements the following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of franklin resources, inc. ("franklin") and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "company") should be read in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements" section set forth in part i and the "risk factors" section set forth in item 1a of part i of this annual report on form 10-k and in any more recent filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), each of which describe these risks, uncertainties and other important factors in more detail.
overview we are a global investment management organization and derive our operating revenues and net income from providing investment management and related services to investors in jurisdictions worldwide through products that include investment funds and institutional, high net-worth and separately-managed accounts (collectively, our "sponsored investment products" or "sips"). in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales, distribution, marketing, shareholder servicing, and other services. our sips and investment management and related services are distributed or marketed to investors globally under nine distinct brand names: franklin, templeton, franklin mutual series, franklin bissett, fiduciary trusttm, darby, balanced equity management, k2 and libertyshares. we offer a broad range of sips under equity, multi-asset/balanced, fixed income and cash management funds and accounts, including alternative investment products, that meet a wide variety of specific investment needs of individual and institutional investors. we also provide sub-advisory services to certain investment products sponsored by other companies which may be sold to investors under the brand names of those other companies or on a co-branded basis.
the level of our revenues depends largely on the level and relative mix of assets under management ("aum"). as noted in the "risk factors" section set forth above in item 1a of part i of this annual report on form 10-k, the amount and mix of our aum are subject to significant fluctuations and can negatively impact our revenues and income. the level of our revenues also depends on mutual fund sales, the number of mutual fund shareholder accounts and the fee rates charged for our services, which are based on contracts with our sips or our clients. these arrangements could change in the future.
during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2017 ("fiscal year 2017"), the global equity financial markets provided positive returns, reflecting, among other things, generally positive global economic data tempered by political uncertainty, as the s&p 500 index and the msci world index increased 18.6% and 18.8%. the global bond markets were negatively impacted by rising interest rates and concerns of higher inflation but showed signs of stabilization over the second half of the fiscal year, and the bloomberg barclays global aggregate index decreased 1.3% for the fiscal year.
our total aum was $753.2 billion at september 30, 2017, 3% higher than at september 30, 2016 due to $58.5 billion of net market change and other, partially offset by $38.6 billion of net outflows. simple monthly average aum ("average aum") decreased 2% during fiscal year 2017. the decline in average aum negatively affected our fee revenues and operating income for the fiscal year.
the business and regulatory environments in which we operate globally remain complex, uncertain and subject to change. we are subject to various laws, rules and regulations globally that impose restrictions, limitations and registration, reporting and disclosure requirements on our business and add complexity to our global compliance operations.
uncertainties regarding the global economy remain for the foreseeable future. as we continue to confront the challenges of the current economic and regulatory environments, we remain focused on the investment performance of our sips and on providing high quality customer service to our clients. we continuously perform reviews of our business model. while we remain focused on expense management, we will also seek to attract, retain and develop employees and invest strategically in systems and technology that will provide a secure and stable environment. we will continue to seek to protect and further our brand recognition while developing and maintaining broker-dealer and client relationships. the success of these and other strategies may be influenced by the factors discussed in the "risk factors" section in part i of this annual report.
32
results of operations
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                              2017          2016
vs. 2016      vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                             2017                  2016                  2015
operating revenues                                           $6,392.2              $6,618.0              $7,948.7            (3     %)    (17     %)
operating income                                              2,264.3               2,365.7               3,027.6            (4     %)    (22     %)
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.           1,696.7               1,726.7               2,035.3            (2     %)    (15     %)
diluted earnings per share                                      $3.01                 $2.94                 $3.29             2      %    (11     %)
operating margin 1                                               35.4   %              35.7   %              38.1   %
___________________
1    defined as operating income divided by total operating revenues.
operating income decreased $101.4 million in fiscal year 2017 as a 3% decrease in operating revenues was partially offset by a 3% decrease in operating expenses. net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. decreased $30.0 million as the decrease in operating income was significantly offset by a $152.3 million increase in investment and other income, net, less the portion attributable to noncontrolling interests.
operating income decreased $661.9 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2016 ("fiscal year 2016") as a 17% decrease in operating revenues was partially offset by a 14% decrease in operating expenses. net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. decreased $308.6 million primarily due to the decrease in operating income, partially offset by a $143.6 million increase in investment and other income, net.
diluted earnings per share increased in fiscal year 2017 despite the decrease in net income and decreased in fiscal year 2016 consistent with net income, and were impacted by 4% and 5% decreases in diluted average common shares outstanding, primarily resulting from the repurchase of shares of our common stock.
assets under management aum by investment objective was as follows:
(in billions)                                                                                2017             2016
vs. 2016         vs. 2015
as of september 30,                 2017                2016                2015
equity global/international          $209.8              $200.4              $212.1             5   %           (6   %)
united states                  107.2               103.3               100.8             4   %            2   %
total equity                   317.0               303.7               312.9             4   %           (3   %)
multi-asset/balanced           143.3               137.4               138.3             4   %           (1   %)
fixed income tax-free                        71.0                76.5                71.7            (7   %)           7   %
taxable global/international           165.0               156.2               182.7             6   %          (15   %)
united states                   50.6                53.4                58.5            (5   %)          (9   %)
total fixed income             286.6               286.1               312.9             0   %           (9   %)
cash management                  6.3                 6.1                 6.8             3   %          (10   %)
total                         $753.2              $733.3              $770.9             3   %           (5   %)
average for the year          $736.9              $749.3              $869.5            (2   %)         (14   %)
aum at september 30, 2017 increased 3% from september 30, 2016 as $58.5 billion of net market change and other, which consists of $81.5 billion of market appreciation and other, net of $23.0 billion of long-term distributions, was partially offset by $38.6 billion of net outflows. average aum decreased 2% during fiscal year 2017.
33
aum at september 30, 2016 decreased 5% from september 30, 2015 as $62.4 billion of net outflows was partially offset by $24.8 billion of net market change and other, which consists of $52.6 billion of market appreciation and other, net of $27.8 billion of long-term distributions. average aum decreased 14% during fiscal year 2016.
average aum is generally more indicative of trends in revenue for providing investment management services than the year-over-year change in ending aum.
average aum and the mix of average aum by investment objective are shown below.
(in billions)                                                                            average aum             2017             2016
vs. 2016         vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2017                2016                2015
equity global/international                              $203.7              $205.1              $247.5            (1   %)         (17   %)
united states                                      104.4               101.1               112.4             3   %          (10   %)
total equity                                       308.1               306.2               359.9             1   %          (15   %)
multi-asset/balanced                               140.2               135.5               155.3             3   %          (13   %)
fixed income tax-free                                            72.3                74.0                73.1            (2   %)     1         %
taxable global/international                               157.8               172.6               211.7            (9   %)         (18   %)
united states                                       52.3                54.5                62.4            (4   %)         (13   %)
total fixed income                                 282.4               301.1               347.2            (6   %)         (13   %)
cash management                                      6.2                 6.5                 7.1            (5   %)          (8   %)
total                                             $736.9              $749.3              $869.5            (2   %)         (14   %)
mix of average aum for the fiscal years ended september 30,          2017           2016           2015
equity global/international                           28    %        27    %        28    %
united states                                  14    %        14    %        13    %
total equity                                   42    %        41    %        41    %
multi-asset/balanced                           19    %        18    %        18    %
fixed income tax-free                                       10    %        10    %         9    %
taxable global/international                           21    %        23    %        24    %
united states                                   7    %         7    %         7    %
total fixed income                             38    %        40    %        40    %
cash management                                 1    %         1    %         1    %
total                                         100    %       100    %       100    %
34
components of the change in aum are shown below. net market change and other includes long-term distributions, appreciation (depreciation), foreign exchange revaluation and net cash management.
(in billions)                                                                                                     2017              2016
vs. 2016          vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2017                2016                2015
beginning aum                                     $733.3              $770.9              $898.0             (5     %)        (14   %)
long-term sales                                    112.3               101.7               161.4             10      %        (37   %)
long-term redemptions                             (169.7   )          (186.9   )          (209.0   )         (9     %)        (11   %)
long-term net exchanges                             (0.1   )            (0.5   )            (0.9   )        (80     %)        (44   %)
long-term reinvested distributions                  18.9                23.3                28.5            (19     %)        (18   %)
net flows                                          (38.6   )           (62.4   )           (20.0   )        (38     %)   212        %
net market change and other                         58.5                24.8              (107.1   )        136      %         nm ending aum                                        $753.2              $733.3              $770.9              3      %         (5   %)
components of the change in aum by investment objective were as follows:
(in billions)                                                                       equity                                                                                                                fixed income for the fiscal year ended                    global/international            united states           multi-asset/balanced           tax-free             taxableglobal/international             taxable united states       cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2017
aum at october 1, 2016                            $200.4                     $103.3                       $137.4                  $76.5                           $156.2                               $53.4                 $6.1                        $733.3
long-term sales                                     24.7                       14.7                         16.8                    7.4                             38.2                                10.5                 -                            112.3
long-term redemptions                              (48.4        )             (25.4      )                 (25.7        )         (11.6    )                       (44.3           )                   (14.3         )       -                           (169.7   )
long-term net exchanges                             (0.1        )               0.3                          0.4                   (0.5    )                        (0.4           )                     0.2                 -                             (0.1   )
long-term reinvested distributions                   3.0                        4.3                          5.1                    2.0                              3.4                                 1.1                 -                             18.9
net flows                                          (20.8        )              (6.1      )                  (3.4        )          (2.7    )                        (3.1           )                    (2.5         )       -                            (38.6   )
net market change and other                         30.2                       10.0                          9.3                   (2.8    )                        11.9                                (0.3         )   0.2                               58.5
aum at september 30, 2017                         $209.8                     $107.2                       $143.3                  $71.0                           $165.0                               $50.6                 $6.3                        $753.2
(in billions)                                                                       equity                                                                                                                fixed income for the fiscal year ended                    global/international            united states           multi-asset/balanced           tax-free             taxableglobal/international             taxable united states   cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2016
aum at october 1, 2015                            $212.1                     $100.8                       $138.3                  $71.7                           $182.7                               $58.5             $6.8                        $770.9
long-term sales                                     21.9                       13.7                         14.3                    8.9                             34.2                                 8.7             -                            101.7
long-term redemptions                              (48.9        )             (24.1      )                 (26.8        )          (8.8    )                       (62.5           )                   (15.8         )   -                           (186.9   )
long-term net exchanges                             (1.1        )               0.6                         (0.4        )           0.8                             (0.5           )                     0.1             -                             (0.5   )
long-term reinvested distributions                   4.3                        5.8                          5.8                    2.0                              4.2                                 1.2             -                             23.3
net flows                                          (23.8        )              (4.0      )                  (7.1        )           2.9                            (24.6           )                    (5.8         )   -                            (62.4   )
net market change and other                         12.1                        6.5                          6.2                    1.9                             (1.9           )                     0.7             (0.7          )               24.8
aum at september 30, 2016                         $200.4                     $103.3                       $137.4                  $76.5                           $156.2                               $53.4             $6.1                        $733.3
35
(in billions)                                                                       equity                                                                                                                fixed income for the fiscal year ended                    global/international            united states           multi-asset/balanced           tax-free             taxableglobal/international             taxable united states   cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2015
aum at october 1, 2014                            $261.5                     $109.5                       $159.0                  $72.1                           $225.1                               $63.8             $7.0                        $898.0
long-term sales                                     40.3                       19.2                         24.1                    8.2                             56.1                                13.5             -                            161.4
long-term redemptions                              (55.3        )             (26.3      )                 (28.4        )         (10.3    )                       (72.8           )                   (15.9         )   -                           (209.0   )
long-term net exchanges                              0.2                        1.1                         (0.5        )             -                             (1.6           )                    (0.1         )   -                             (0.9   )
long-term reinvested distributions                   5.6                        5.7                          6.0                    2.0                              7.5                                 1.7             -                             28.5
net flows                                           (9.2        )              (0.3      )                   1.2                   (0.1    )                       (10.8           )                    (0.8         )   -                            (20.0   )
net market change and other                        (40.2        )              (8.4      )                 (21.9        )          (0.3    )                       (31.6           )                    (4.5         )   (0.2          )             (107.1   )
aum at september 30, 2015                         $212.1                     $100.8                       $138.3                  $71.7                           $182.7                               $58.5             $6.8                        $770.9
aum increased $19.9 billion or 3% during fiscal year 2017 due to $58.5 billion of net market change and other, partially offset by $38.6 billion of net outflows. net market change and other primarily consists of $78.0 billion of market appreciation and a $2.9 billion increase from foreign exchange revaluation, net of $23.0 billion of long-term distributions. the market appreciation occurred primarily in equity, global/international fixed income and multi-asset/balanced products, and reflected positive returns in global markets, as evidenced by increases of 18.8% and 18.6% in the msci world index and s&p 500 index, and strong performance of our global/international fixed income products despite a 1.3% decrease in the bloomberg barclays global aggregate index. the foreign exchange revaluation resulted from aum in products that are not u.s. dollar denominated, which represented approximately 14% of total aum as of september 30, 2017. the net outflows, which occurred in all long-term investment objectives and most significantly in equity and multi-asset/balanced products, included $8.1 billion from two global/international fixed income funds with global macro strategies that had underperformed against their peer groups during fiscal year 2016, $3.9 billion from three institutional separate accounts, $3.0 billion from two sub-advised variable annuity clients due to shifts in their investment strategies and $2.6 billion from two global/international equity funds. the outflows also included $1.2 billion from a multi-asset/balanced fund and $1.0 billion from a u.s. equity fund, both of which had underperformed against their peer groups during most of fiscal year 2016, and were partially offset by inflows of $4.0 billion in a global/international fixed income fund that outperformed its peer group during fiscal year 2017. long-term sales increased 10% to $112.3 billion from the prior year due to higher sales in all long-term investment objectives with the exception of tax-free fixed income. long-term redemptions decreased 9% to $169.7 billion primarily due to lower redemptions of global/international fixed income products.
aum decreased $37.6 billion or 5% during fiscal year 2016 due to $62.4 billion of net outflows partially offset by $24.8 billion of net market change and other. the net outflows, which occurred primarily in global/international products, included $28.1 billion from four global/international fixed income funds with global macro strategies that had underperformed against their peer groups during fiscal year 2016, $4.7 billion redeemed by a sub-advised variable annuity client, $4.2 billion from three institutional products, and $3.6 billion from two global/international equity funds. the outflows also included $4.3 billion from a multi-asset/balanced fund and $1.1 billion from a u.s. equity fund, both of which had underperformed against their peer groups during most of fiscal year 2016, and were partially offset by a $5.5 billion inflow for an institutional global macro mandate. long-term sales decreased 37% to $101.7 billion from the prior year, and long-term redemptions decreased 11% to $186.9 billion. both declines occurred in all long-term investment objectives, primarily in global/international products, with the exception of tax-free fixed income sales. net market change and other primarily consists of $50.9 billion of market appreciation and a $2.4 billion increase from foreign exchange revaluation, net of $27.8 billion of long-term distributions. the market appreciation occurred in all investment objectives and reflected positive returns in global markets, as evidenced by increases in the msci world index of 12.0%, the s&p 500 index of 15.4% and the bloomberg barclays global aggregate index of 8.8%. the foreign exchange revaluation resulted from aum in products that are not u.s. dollar denominated, which represented approximately 14% of total aum as of september 30, 2016.
36
average aum by sales region was as follows:
(in billions)                                                                                                    2017          2016
vs. 2016      vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2017                2016                2015
united states                                     $497.1              $507.4              $577.9            (2   %)      (12   %)
international europe, the middle east and africa                 104.1               108.9               137.9            (4   %)      (21   %)
asia-pacific                                        87.0                82.7                90.0       5         %        (8   %)
canada                                              31.1                31.3                36.2            (1   %)      (14   %)
latin america1                                      17.6                19.0                27.5            (7   %)      (31   %)
total international                               $239.8              $241.9              $291.6            (1   %)      (17   %)
total                                             $736.9              $749.3              $869.5            (2   %)      (14   %)
______________
1    latin america sales region includes north america-based advisers serving non-resident clients.
the percentage of average aum in the united states sales region was 67%, 68% and 66% for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015.
due to the global nature of our business operations, investment management and related services may be performed in locations unrelated to the sales region.
investment performance overview a key driver of our overall success is the long-term investment performance of our sips. a standard measure of the performance of these investment products is the percentage of aum exceeding benchmarks and peer group medians. our global/international fixed income products generated notable long-term results with at least 82% of aum exceeding the benchmarks and peer group medians for the one-, five- and ten-year periods ended september 30, 2017. strong performance for these products during fiscal year 2017 resulted in significant improvements from september 30, 2016 to the benchmark and peer group median comparisons for the one- and three-year periods. the performance of our multi-asset/balanced products significantly exceeded the benchmarks and peer group medians for the one-year period and the peer group medians for the ten-year period, but has lagged in the other comparisons, reflecting the performance of a fund that represents approximately 70% of this category. the performance of our tax-free and u.s. taxable fixed income, as well as of our equity products, has mostly lagged the benchmarks and peer group medians during the periods presented.
37
the performance of our products against benchmarks and peer group medians is presented in the table below.
benchmark comparison 1, 2                                            peer group comparison 1, 3
% of aum exceeding benchmark                              % of aum in top two peer group quartiles as of september 30, 2017          1-year           3-year           5-year          10-year          1-year            3-year            5-year           10-year equity global/international            50     %         16     %         23     %         48     %        67     %          33     %          55     %          50     %
united states                   38     %         37     %         21     %         32     %        24     %          56     %          42     %          67     %
total equity                    45     %         24     %         22     %         42     %        50     %          42     %          50     %          57     %
multi-asset/balanced            85     %         11     %          9     %          8     %        93     %           7     %          14     %          96     %
fixed income tax-free                         0     %         42     %         40     %         28     %         5     %          41     %          40     %          87     %
taxable global/international            93     %         44     %         82     %         82     %        99     %          67     %          88     %          97     %
united states                   72     %         10     %         31     %         53     %        64     %           9     %          30     %          36     %
total fixed income              63     %         37     %         61     %         60     %        63     %          48     %          62     %          82     %
_______________
1   aum measured in the benchmark and peer group rankings represents 89% and 80% of our total aum as of september 30, 2017.
2   the benchmark comparisons are based on each fund's return as compared to a market index that has been selected to be generally consistent with the investment objectives of the fund.
3   the peer group rankings are sourced from either lipper, a thomson reuters company, morningstar or evestment in each fund's market and were based on an absolute ranking of returns.  2017 morningstar, inc. all rights reserved. the information herein: (1) is proprietary to morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. neither morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
for products with multiple share classes, rankings for the primary share class are applied to the entire product. rankings for most institutional separately-managed accounts are as of the prior quarter-end due to timing of availability of information. private equity funds, certain privately-offered emerging market and real estate funds, cash management funds and certain hedge and other funds are not included. certain other funds and products were also excluded because of limited benchmark or peer group data. had this data been available, the results may have been different. these results assume the reinvestment of dividends, are based on data available as of october 17, 2017 and are subject to revision. while we remain focused on achieving strong long-term performance, our future benchmark and peer group rankings may vary from our past performance.
operating revenues the table below presents the percentage change in each operating revenue category.
(in millions)                                                                                                          2017          2016
vs. 2016      vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2017                  2016                  2015
investment management fees                        $4,359.2              $4,471.7              $5,327.8            (3   %)      (16   %)
sales and distribution fees                        1,705.6               1,806.4               2,252.4            (6   %)      (20   %)
shareholder servicing fees                           225.7                 243.6                 262.8            (7   %)       (7   %)
other                                                101.7                  96.3                 105.7       6         %        (9   %)
total operating revenues                          $6,392.2              $6,618.0              $7,948.7            (3   %)      (17   %)
38
investment management fees investment management fees are generally calculated under contractual arrangements with our sips and the products for which we provide sub-advisory services as a percentage of the market value of aum. annual rates vary by investment objective and type of services provided. rates for products sold outside of the u.s. are generally higher than for u.s. products because they are structured to compensate for certain distribution costs.
investment management fees decreased $112.5 million in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to a 2% decrease in average aum and the impact of a lower effective fee rate, partially offset by higher performance fees. investment management fees decreased $856.1 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to a 14% decrease in average aum and the impact of a lower effective fee rate. the decrease in average aum in fiscal year 2017 occurred primarily in the global/international fixed income investment objective, and across all sales regions except asia-pacific. the decrease in average aum in fiscal year 2016 occurred in all sales regions and primarily in the global/international and multi-asset/balanced investment objectives.
our effective investment management fee rate (investment management fees divided by average aum) was 59.2, 59.7 and 61.3 basis points for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015. the rate decrease in fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to higher weightings of aum in lower fee products in the global/international fixed income investment objective in the europe, middle east and africa and asia-pacific sales regions, partially offset by higher performance fees. the rate decrease in fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to higher weightings of aum in u.s. products and in lower fee products in global/international investment objectives in the europe, middle east and africa and asia-pacific sales regions, partially offset by higher performance fees.
performance-based investment management fees were $35.5 million, $26.5 million and $19.8 million for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015. the increases in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to performance fees earned from separately-managed accounts.
u.s. industry asset-weighted average management fee rates were as follows:
(in basis points)                                        industry average 1
for the fiscal years ended september 30,       2017        2016        2015
equity global/international 2                           50          53          55
united states                                    35          37          39
multi-asset/balanced                             49          50          52
fixed income tax-free                                         33          35          35
taxable global/international 3                           39          43          46
united states                                    31          33          35
cash management                                  15          10           9
________________
1   u.s. industry asset-weighted average management fee rates were calculated using information available from lipper, a thomson reuters company, as of september 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and include all u.s.-registered open-end funds that reported expense data to lipper as of the funds' most recent annual report date, and for which expenses were equal to or greater than zero. as defined by lipper, management fees include fees from providing advisory and fund administration services. the averages combine retail and institutional funds data and include all share classes and distribution channels, without exception. variable annuity and fund of fund products are not included.
2   the decreases in the average rate in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 reflect higher weightings of two large low fee funds.
3   the decreases in the average rate in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 reflect higher weightings of a large low fee fund and lower weightings of two large higher fee funds.
our actual effective investment management fee rates are generally higher than the u.s. industry average rates as we actively manage our products and have a higher level of international aum, both of which generate higher fees. our effective investment management fee rates in the u.s. decreased during fiscal years 2017 and 2016, but to a lesser extent than the average industry rates.
39
our product offerings and global operations are diverse. as such, the impact of future changes in the market value of aum on investment management fees will be affected by the relative mix of investment objective, geographic region, distribution channel and investment vehicle of the assets.
sales and distribution fees we earn fees from the sale of certain classes of sips on which investors pay a commission at the time of purchase ("commissionable sales"). sales commissions are reduced or eliminated on some share classes and for some sale transactions depending upon the amount invested and the type of investor. therefore, sales fees will change with the overall level of gross sales, the size of individual transactions, and the relative mix of sales between different share classes and types of investors.
globally, our mutual funds and certain other products generally pay us distribution fees in return for sales, marketing and distribution efforts on their behalf. specifically, the majority of u.s.-registered mutual funds, with the exception of certain of our money market mutual funds, have adopted distribution plans under rule 12b-1 (the "rule 12b-1 plans") promulgated under the investment company act of 1940. the rule 12b-1 plans permit the mutual funds to pay us for marketing, marketing support, advertising, printing and sales promotion services relating to the distribution of their shares, subject to the rule 12b-1 plans' limitations on amounts based on average daily net aum. similar arrangements exist for the distribution of our non-u.s. funds.
we pay substantially all of our sales and distribution fees to the financial advisers and other intermediaries who sell our sips to investors on our behalf. see the description of sales, distribution and marketing expenses below.
sales and distribution fees by revenue driver are presented below.
(in millions)                                                                                                          2017          2016
vs. 2016      vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2017                  2016                  2015
asset-based fees                                  $1,345.1              $1,410.6              $1,698.9            (5   %)      (17   %)
sales-based fees                                     350.8                 386.4                 542.8            (9   %)      (29   %)
contingent sales charges                               9.7                   9.4                  10.7       3         %       (12   %)
sales and distribution fees                       $1,705.6              $1,806.4              $2,252.4            (6   %)      (20   %)
asset-based distribution fees decreased $65.5 million and $288.3 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 primarily due to decreases of $55.2 million and $273.1 million from 4% and 14% decreases in the related average aum. the decrease in fiscal year 2016 also includes $11.3 million from the implementation of lower rule 12b-1 plan fee rates for certain funds effective august 1, 2015.
sales-based fees decreased $35.6 million in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to decreases of $18.8 million from lower effective fee rates and $18.5 million from a lower mix of u.s. product commissionable sales. the lower effective fee rates primarily resulted from a higher mix of non-u.s. product fixed income sales and tiered pricing on larger trades. non-u.s. products typically generate lower sales fees than u.s. products, and fixed income products typically generate lower sales fees than equity products. total commissionable sales increased 4%, however the increase resulted from significantly higher sales of non-u.s. products that were largely offset by lower sales of u.s. products; the lower mix of u.s. product commissionable sales resulted in a net decrease in sales-based fees.
sales-based fees decreased $156.4 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to a $158.5 million decrease from a 29% decrease in total commissionable sales.
commissionable sales represented 11% of total sales for fiscal year 2017, 12% for fiscal year 2016, and 10% for fiscal year 2015. u.s. product commissionable sales were 72%, 92% and 88% of total commissionable sales for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015.
contingent sales charges are earned from investor redemptions within a contracted period of time. these charges are levied only on certain shares sold without a front-end sales charge, and vary with the mix of redemptions of these shares.
40
shareholder servicing fees we receive shareholder servicing fees as compensation for providing transfer agency services, which include providing customer statements, transaction processing, customer service and tax reporting. these fees are generally fixed charges per shareholder account that vary with the particular type of fund and the service being rendered. in some instances, we charge sips these fees based on the level of aum. in the u.s., transfer agency service agreements provide that accounts closed in a calendar year generally remain billable at a reduced rate through the second quarter of the following calendar year. accordingly, the level of fees varies with the change in open accounts and the level of closed accounts that remain billable. approximately 0.6 million and 1.2 million accounts closed in the u.s. during calendar years 2016 and 2015.
we also provide other services to individual and trust clients, including trust services, for which fees are based on the level of aum, and estate planning and tax planning and preparation, for which fees are primarily account based.
shareholder servicing fees decreased $17.9 million and $19.2 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 primarily due to decreases of $14.8 million and $9.4 million from sips in the u.s. resulting from decreases in active accounts, and $3.6 million and $9.5 million from sips in europe resulting from lower levels of related aum and decreases in active accounts.
other other revenue increased $5.4 million in fiscal year 2017 and decreased $9.4 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to changes in interest and dividend income from consolidated sips.
operating expenses the table below presents the percentage change in each operating expense category.
(in millions)                                             2017                  2016                  2015             2017             2016
vs. 2016         vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30, sales, distribution and marketing                 $2,130.9              $2,209.9              $2,762.3            (4   %)         (20   %)
compensation and benefits                          1,333.7               1,360.9               1,453.3            (2   %)          (6   %)
information systems and technology                   219.8                 207.3                 224.3       6         %           (8   %)
occupancy                                            121.3                 134.1                 132.7           (10   %)     1         %
general, administrative and other                    322.2                 340.1                 348.5            (5   %)          (2   %)
total operating expenses                          $4,127.9              $4,252.3              $4,921.1            (3   %)         (14   %)
sales, distribution and marketing sales, distribution and marketing expenses primarily consist of payments to financial advisers, broker-dealers and other third parties for providing services to investors in our sips, including marketing support services. sales expenses are determined as percentages of sales and are incurred from the same commissionable sales transactions that generate sales fee revenues. distribution expenses are determined as percentages of aum and are incurred from assets that generate either distribution fees or higher levels of investment management fees. marketing support expenses are based on aum, sales or a combination thereof. also included is the amortization of deferred sales commissions related to up-front commissions on shares sold without a front-end sales charge to investors. the deferred sales commissions are amortized over the periods in which commissions are generally recovered from related revenues.
sales, distribution and marketing expenses by cost driver are presented below.
(in millions)                                               2017                  2016                  2015          2017          2016
vs. 2016      vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30, asset-based expenses                                $1,735.8              $1,792.7              $2,161.0         (3   %)      (17   %)
sales-based expenses                                   323.1                 342.0                 488.5         (6   %)      (30   %)
amortization of deferred sales commissions              72.0                  75.2                 112.8         (4   %)      (33   %)
sales, distribution and marketing                   $2,130.9              $2,209.9              $2,762.3         (4   %)      (20   %)
41
asset-based expenses decreased $56.9 million and $368.3 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 primarily due to decreases of $62.4 million and $352.4 million from 3% and 14% decreases in the related average aum. distribution expenses, which are typically higher for non-u.s. products, are generally not directly correlated with distribution fee revenues due to international fee structures which provide for recovery of certain distribution costs through investment management fees.
sales-based expenses decreased $18.9 million in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to decreases of $12.4 million from lower average commission rates and $9.0 million from a lower mix of u.s. product commissionable sales. the lower average commission rates primarily resulted from a higher mix of non-u.s. product fixed income sales and tiered pricing on larger trades. non-u.s. products typically generate lower sales commissions than u.s. products, and fixed income products typically generate lower sales commissions than equity products. total commissionable sales increased 4%, however the increase resulted from significantly higher sales of non-u.s. products that were largely offset by lower sales of u.s. products; the lower mix of u.s. product commissionable sales resulted in a net decrease in sales-based expenses.
sales-based expenses decreased $146.5 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to $133.7 million from a 29% decrease in commissionable sales. the decrease also included $6.7 million in india primarily related to lower sales and regulatory-driven changes in fee structure, and $6.6 million from lower marketing support expense primarily resulting from the change in fee structure for certain service providers and lower related sales.
amortization of deferred sales commissions decreased $3.2 million and $37.6 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 primarily due to $18.5 million and $25.8 million related to lower sales of u.s. shares sold without a front-end sales charge to investors. the decrease in fiscal year 2017 was substantially offset by $12.7 million of adjustments recognized in fiscal year 2016 related to prior-year amortization expense and $4.3 million from higher sales of non-u.s. shares sold without a front-end sales charge to investors.
compensation and benefits compensation and benefit expenses decreased $27.2 million in fiscal year 2017 due to a $55.7 million decrease in salaries, wages and benefits, partially offset by a $28.5 million increase in variable compensation. the decrease in salaries, wages and benefits was primarily due to decreases of $51.4 million in termination benefits and $19.9 million from a higher weighting of employees in lower cost regions outside the u.s., partially offset by an $18.3 million increase for annual merit salary adjustments that were effective december 1, 2016 and 2015. the increase in variable compensation was primarily due to increases of $13.1 million from higher market valuations of mutual fund awards, $13.1 million in bonus expense based on our overall performance and $6.5 million from higher sales-related commissions, partially offset by an $8.3 million decrease in amortization of stock and stock unit awards.
compensation and benefit expenses decreased $92.4 million in fiscal year 2016 due to a $108.4 million decrease in variable compensation, partially offset by a $16.0 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits. the variable compensation decrease was primarily due to $81.2 million related to our lower performance, as well as $8.9 million related to private equity and other product performance fees. the increase in salaries, wages and benefits was primarily due to increases of $55.7 million in termination benefits and $18.0 million for annual merit salary adjustments that were effective december 1, 2015 and 2014, largely offset by decreases of $35.0 million from lower staffing levels and $16.2 million from favorable currency impacts. the increase in termination benefits was primarily due to special benefits related to the voluntary separation of approximately 300 employees.
variable compensation as a percentage of compensation and benefits was 36%, 33% and 38% for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015. at september 30, 2017, our global workforce had increased to approximately 9,400 employees from approximately 9,100 at september 30, 2016.
we continue to place a high emphasis on our pay for performance philosophy. as such, any changes in the underlying performance of our sips or changes in the composition of our incentive compensation offerings could have an impact on compensation and benefit expenses going forward. however, in order to attract and retain talented individuals, our level of compensation and benefit expenses may increase more quickly or decrease more slowly than our revenue.
42
information systems and technology information systems and technology expenses increased $12.5 million in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to higher external data service and software costs, and decreased $17.0 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to lower technology consulting costs.
details of capitalized information systems and technology costs are shown below.
(in millions)
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2017              2016              2015
net carrying value at beginning of year            $88.1             $89.8             $85.5
additions, net of disposals                         63.1              46.2              50.8
amortization                                       (49.1   )         (47.9   )         (46.5   )
net carrying value at end of year                 $102.1             $88.1             $89.8
occupancy we conduct our worldwide operations using a combination of leased and owned facilities. occupancy expenses include rent and other facilities-related costs including depreciation and utilities.
occupancy expenses decreased $12.8 million in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to lower rent expense. occupancy expenses increased $1.4 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to higher rent expense, substantially offset by lower building maintenance costs and depreciation.
general, administrative and other general, administrative and other operating expenses primarily consist of fund-related service fees payable to external parties, advertising and promotion, professional fees, travel and entertainment, and other miscellaneous expenses.
general, administrative and other operating expenses decreased $17.9 million in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to lower expenses related to intangible assets and contingent consideration, partially offset by higher consolidated sips, advertising and promotion, and travel and entertainment expenses. definite-lived intangible asset impairment decreased $18.6 million and amortization expense decreased $6.5 million, both primarily resulting from a prior-year impairment related to the k2 advisors holdings, llc ("k2") acquisition. contingent consideration expense decreased $12.8 million due to revised estimates of k2's future revenues and profits and a decline in other acquisition-related aum. the decreases were partially offset by increases of $9.8 million in consolidated sips expenses, $6.7 million in advertising and promotion expenses and $4.5 million in travel and entertainment expenses.
general, administrative and other operating expenses decreased $8.4 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to lower levels of travel and entertainment, contingent consideration expense, and advertising and promotion, partially offset by higher levels of net intangible asset expenses, consolidated sips expenses, professional fees and third-party servicing fees. corporate cost reduction initiatives resulted in decreases of $14.7 million in travel and entertainment expenses and $10.6 million in advertising and promotion expenses. contingent consideration expense decreased $14.5 million primarily due to revised estimates of k2's future revenues and profits. net expenses from definite-lived intangible assets, primarily related to the k2 acquisition, increased $10.3 million as $20.0 million of increased impairment due to higher investor redemptions, lower estimates of future sales and renegotiations of certain investment management fees was offset by a related $9.7 million decrease in amortization. consolidated sips expenses increased $9.0 million, professional fees increased $6.2 million related to various corporate activities, and third-party service fees increased $5.5 million primarily due to higher sub-advisory expenses.
we are committed to investing in advertising and promotion in response to changing business conditions, and to advance our products where we see continued or potential new growth opportunities. as a result of potential changes in our strategic marketing campaigns, the level of advertising and promotion expenses may increase more rapidly, or decrease more slowly, than our revenues.
43
other income (expenses)
other income (expenses) consisted of the following:
(in millions)                                                                                                   2017              2016
vs. 2016          vs. 2015
for the fiscal years ended september 30,   2017                2016                2015
investment and other income, net                  $336.3              $184.0             $40.4             83      %        355   %
interest expense                                   (51.5   )           (49.9   )         (39.6   )          3      %         26   %
other income, net                                 $284.8              $134.1              $0.8            112      %         nm investment and other income, net consists primarily of gains (losses) on investments of consolidated sips and trading investment securities, income (losses) from equity method investees, interest and dividend income, realized gains (losses) on sale of available-for-sale investment securities, and foreign currency exchange gains (losses).
other income, net increased $150.7 million in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to gains on investments held by consolidated sips and higher income from equity method investees and interest income, partially offset by lower net gains on trading investment securities and net realized gains on sale of available-for-sale securities. investments held by consolidated sips generated net gains of $118.2 million, as compared to net losses of $13.5 million in the prior year. the gains were primarily from higher market valuations of holdings by various global/international private equity funds and from a net increase of 20 consolidated sips due to adoption of new accounting guidance on october 1, 2016. income from equity method investees increased $51.2 million primarily due to gains on investments held by a global macro hedge fund sip and a global equity fund. interest income increased $38.4 million primarily due to higher levels of interest rates and debt securities. the increases were partially offset by a $37.9 million decrease in net gains on trading investment securities primarily due to lower gains from fixed income sips held for investment purposes, partially offset by gains on corporate debt securities, as compared to losses in the prior year, and a $24.9 million decrease in net realized gains on sale of available-for-sale securities. the investments in sips that were classified as trading securities and available-for-sale securities in the prior year were significantly reduced on october 1, 2016 as a substantial amount of the investments were in sips that were consolidated as a result of the new accounting guidance.
other income, net increased $133.3 million in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to higher market valuations, which resulted in net investment income and gains, and higher interest income, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from foreign currency exchange and investments of consolidated sips. equity method investees generated income of $56.7 million as compared to losses of $63.2 million in the prior year, primarily due to gains on investments held by two global equity funds and lower losses on investments held by a global macro hedge fund sip. trading investment securities generated net gains of $50.1 million as compared to net losses of $22.3 million in the prior year, primarily related to gains from fixed income sips held for investment purposes. interest income increased $25.7 million primarily due to higher levels of debt securities and cash equivalents. these increases were partially offset by $2.9 million of foreign currency exchange net losses as compared to net gains of $57.0 million in the prior year primarily from the impact of strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro on cash and cash equivalents denominated in u.s. dollars held in europe, and $13.5 million of net losses on investments of consolidated sips as compared to net gains of $18.0 million in the prior year.
significant portions of the net gains (losses) of consolidated sips are offset in noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of income.
our investments in sips include initial cash investments made in the course of launching mutual fund and other investment product offerings, as well as investments for other business reasons. the market conditions that impact our aum similarly affect the investment income earned or losses incurred on our sips investments.
44
our cash, cash equivalents and investments portfolio by investment objective and accounting classification at september 30, 2017, excluding third-party assets of consolidated sips, was as follows:
accounting classification 1            total direct portfolio
(in millions)                                              cash and cash equivalents and other 2            trading investments            equity method investments           direct investments inconsolidated sips cash and cash equivalents                                                $8,523.3                                   $-                                 $-                                           $-                               $8,523.3
investments equity global/international                                                         64.4                                 14.5                              707.1                                        226.9                                1,012.9
united states                                                                 3.2                                  0.4                                3.4                                          3.3                                   10.3
total equity                                                                 67.6                                 14.9                              710.5                                        230.2                                1,023.2
multi-asset/balanced                                                         15.7                                  5.4                               20.3                                        216.5                                  257.9
fixed income tax-free                                                                      0.2                                    -                                  -                                            -                                    0.2
taxable global/international                                                         65.2                                271.4                              162.4                                        668.7                                1,167.7
united states                                                                36.9                                 22.8                                0.3                                        399.4                                  459.4
total fixed income                                                          102.3                                294.2                              162.7                                      1,068.1                                1,627.3
total investments                                                           185.6                                314.5                              893.5                                      1,514.8                                2,908.4
total cash and cash equivalents and investments                          $8,708.9                               $314.5                             $893.5                                     $1,514.8                              $11,431.7
______________
1   see note 1 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10-k for information on investment accounting classifications.
2   other consists of $112.7 million of available-for-sale investments and $12.8 million of investments in life settlement contracts, both of which are measured at fair value, and $60.1 million of investments carried at cost.
the percentages of direct cash, cash equivalents and investments held by our u.s. and non-u.s. operations were 20% and 80% at september 30, 2017.
investments of consolidated sips are generally assigned a classification in the table above based on the investment objective of the sip holding the securities.
taxes on income as a multi-national corporation, we provide many of our services from locations outside the u.s. some of these jurisdictions have lower tax rates than the u.s. additionally, in certain countries our income is subject to reduced tax rates due to tax rulings. the mix of pre-tax income subject to these lower rates, when aggregated with income originating in the u.s., produces a lower overall effective income tax rate than existing u.s. federal and state income tax rates.
our effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2017 was 29.8% as compared to 29.7% in fiscal year 2016 and 30.5% in fiscal year 2015. the rate increase in fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to foreign earnings subject to u.s. taxes and the prior-year recognition of tax benefits in u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions as a result of various adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits including the expiration of statutes of limitations, substantially offset by higher net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
the rate decrease in fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to a higher mix of earnings in lower tax jurisdictions partially offset by lower net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
45
the effective income tax rate for future reporting periods will continue to reflect the relative contributions of non-u.s. earnings that are subject to reduced tax rates and that are not currently included in u.s. taxable income. changes in tax rates in these jurisdictions may affect our effective income tax rate and net income.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows were as follows:
(in millions)
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2017                  2016                  2015
cash flow data operating cash flows                              $1,135.4              $1,727.7              $2,252.0
investing cash flows                                  52.0                 192.2                 248.9
financing cash flows                                (956.0   )          (1,800.7   )          (1,612.2   )
net cash provided by operating activities decreased in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to a larger net increase in trading securities of consolidated sips. net cash provided by investing activities decreased mainly due to net purchases of the company's investments, as compared to net liquidations in the prior year, and the adoption of new accounting guidance. net cash used in financing activities decreased primarily due to net subscriptions in consolidated sips by noncontrolling interests, as compared to net distributions in the prior year, and lower repurchases of common stock, partially offset by payments on the company's debt, higher payments on debt by consolidated sips and prior-year proceeds from a loan.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased in fiscal year 2016 primarily due to a decrease in net income and losses from investments in equity method investees as compared to income in the prior year. net cash provided by investing activities decreased mainly due to lower liquidations, net of purchases, of the company's investments and investments of consolidated sips, and higher net additions of property and equipment, partially offset by higher net liquidations of other investments by consolidated sips. net cash used in financing activities increased primarily due to higher repurchases of common stock, prior-year proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments, and net distributions from consolidated sips by noncontrolling interests as compared to net subscriptions in the prior year, partially offset by lower dividends paid on common stock.
the assets and liabilities of our consolidated sips attributable to third-party investors do not impact our liquidity and capital resources. we have no right to the sips' assets, other than our direct equity investment in them and investment management fees earned from them. the debt holders of the consolidated sips have no recourse to our assets beyond the level of our direct investment, therefore we bear no other risks associated with the sips' liabilities. accordingly, the assets and liabilities of our consolidated sips, other than our direct investments in them, are excluded from the amounts and discussion below.
our liquid assets and debt consisted of the following:
(in millions)
as of september 30,                        2017                  2016                  2015
assets cash and cash equivalents          $8,523.3              $8,247.1              $8,184.9
receivables                           767.8                 746.4                 816.5
investments                         1,995.2               1,896.7               2,105.8
total liquid assets               $11,286.3             $10,890.2             $11,107.2
liability debt                               $1,044.2              $1,401.2              $1,348.0
46
liquidity liquid assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, receivables and certain investments. cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less at the purchase date, money market funds, time deposits with maturities of three months or less, and deposits with financial institutions. liquid investments consist of trading and available-for-sale securities, investments in equity method investees consisting of mutual fund sips, direct investments in redeemable consolidated sips, and time deposits with maturities greater than three months.
cash and cash equivalents at september 30, 2017 increased primarily due to net cash provided by operating and investing activities, partially offset by net cash used in financing activities.
we utilize a significant portion of our liquid assets to satisfy operational and regulatory requirements and fund capital contributions relating to our sips. certain of our subsidiaries are required by our internal policy or regulation to maintain minimum levels of capital which are partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalents. as a result, such subsidiaries may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash to their parent companies. also, as a multi-national corporation, we operate in various locations outside of the u.s. certain of our non-u.s. subsidiaries are subject to regulatory or contractual repatriation restrictions or requirements. such restrictions and requirements limit our ability to transfer cash between various international jurisdictions, including repatriation to the u.s. should we require more capital in the u.s. than is generated domestically, we could elect to reduce the level of discretionary activities, such as share repurchases, or we could elect to repatriate future earnings from non-u.s. jurisdictions or raise capital through debt or equity issuance. certain of these alternatives could result in higher effective tax rates, increased interest expense or other dilution to our earnings. at september 30, 2017, our u.s. and non-u.s. entities held $861.8 million and $2,620.1 million of liquid assets to satisfy operational and regulatory requirements and fund capital contributions to our sips, as compared to $874.6 million and $2,220.8 million held at september 30, 2016. included in these amounts were u.s. and non-u.s. liquid assets that were restricted from transfer to franklin and other subsidiaries of $4.1 million and $163.3 million at september 30, 2017 and $4.7 million and $345.7 million at september 30, 2016.
capital resources we believe that we can meet our present and reasonably foreseeable operating cash needs and future commitments through existing liquid assets, continuing cash flows from operations, the ability to issue debt or equity securities and borrowing capacity under our uncommitted private placement program.
in prior fiscal years, we issued senior unsecured unsubordinated notes for general corporate purposes, to redeem outstanding notes and to finance an acquisition. we repaid $300.0 million of these notes upon maturity in september 2017. at september 30, 2017, $1,049.0 million of the notes were outstanding with an aggregate face value of $1,050.0 million. the notes were issued at fixed interest rates and consist of $350.0 million at 4.625% per annum which mature in 2020, $300.0 million at 2.800% per annum which mature in 2022, and $400.0 million at 2.850% per annum which mature in 2025.
interest on the notes is payable semi-annually. the notes contain an optional redemption feature that allows us to redeem each series of notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at any time, at a make-whole redemption price. the indentures governing the notes contain limitations on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to pledge voting stock or profit participating equity interests in our subsidiaries to secure other debt without similarly securing the notes equally and ratably. the indentures also include requirements that must be met if we consolidate or merge with, or sell all of our assets to, another entity.
in march 2016, we borrowed 6.3 billion indian rupees ($93.4 million) at a fixed interest rate of 9.89% with a one-year term to purchase certain securities from sips domiciled in india. the loan was secured by a standby letter of credit for 6.5 billion indian rupees ($96.6 million) collateralized by a $116.0 million time deposit. the loan agreement was amended in february 2017 with a revised maturity of march 2018, and the loan was fully paid in september 2017.
we were in compliance with all debt covenants at september 30, 2017.
at september 30, 2017, we had $500.0 million of short-term commercial paper available for issuance under an uncommitted private placement program which has been inactive since 2012.
47
our ability to access the capital markets in a timely manner depends on a number of factors, including our credit rating, the condition of the global economy, investors' willingness to purchase our securities, interest rates, credit spreads and the valuation levels of equity markets. if we are unable to access capital markets in a timely manner, our business could be adversely impacted.
uses of capital we expect that our main uses of cash will be to invest in and grow our business, acquire shares of our common stock, invest in our sips, fund property and equipment purchases, pay operating expenses of the business, enhance technology infrastructure and business processes, pay stockholder dividends and repay and service debt.
we declare dividends on a quarterly basis. we declared regular cash dividends of $0.80 per share ($0.20 per share per quarter) in fiscal year 2017 and $0.72 per share ($0.18 per share per quarter) in fiscal year 2016. we currently expect to continue paying comparable regular cash dividends on a quarterly basis to holders of our common stock depending upon earnings and other relevant factors.
we maintain a stock repurchase program to manage our equity capital with the objective of maximizing shareholder value. our stock repurchase program is effected through regular open-market purchases and private transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. during fiscal years 2017 and 2016, we repurchased 19.1 million and 36.6 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $771.5 million and $1,324.3 million. at september 30, 2017, 31.6 million shares remained available for repurchase under the program, which is not subject to an expiration date.
we invested $4.2 million, net of redemptions, in our sips during fiscal year 2017, and redeemed $514.2 million, net of investments, from our sips during fiscal year 2016.
the funds that we manage have their own resources available for purposes of providing liquidity to meet shareholder redemptions, including securities that can be sold or provided to investors as in-kind redemptions, and lines of credit. while we have no contractual obligation to do so, we may voluntarily elect to provide the funds with direct or indirect financial support based on our business objectives. we did not provide financial or other support to our sips during fiscal year 2017. during fiscal year 2016, we purchased $182.7 million of certain debt securities from six sips domiciled in india in order to provide additional liquidity to the sips.
48
contractual obligations, commitments and contingent liability the following table summarizes our contractual obligations, commitments and contingent liability.
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                         payments due by fiscal year as of september 30, 2017                                                           2018                2019                2020              2021                2022           there-after                 total debt principal 1                                                                      $-                  $-              $350.0                $-              $300.0              $400.0                $1,050.0
interest                                                                       36.0                36.0                36.0              19.8                19.8                28.5                   176.1
operating leases                                                               44.7                41.1                35.6              31.4                28.4               185.8                   367.0
purchase obligations 2                                                        161.4               191.6                24.6               9.1                 4.7                 5.9                   397.3
total contractual obligations                                                 242.1               268.7               446.2              60.3               352.9               620.2                 1,990.4
committed capital contributions 3                                              73.5                   -                   -                 -                   -                   -                    73.5
contingent consideration liability 4                                           28.0                30.2                   -                 -                   -                   -                    58.2
total contractual obligations, commitments and contingent liability          $343.6              $298.9              $446.2             $60.3              $352.9              $620.2                $2,122.1
__________________
1   debt principal represents maturity amount.
2   purchase obligations include contractual amounts that will be due to purchase goods and services to be used in our operations and may be canceled at earlier times than those indicated under certain conditions that may include termination fees.
3   committed capital contributions relate to discretionary commitments to invest in sips and other investment products. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown as they are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment periods.
4   contingent consideration liability relates to the company's commitment to acquire the remaining interests in k2.
the debt holders of consolidated sips have no recourse to our assets beyond the level of our direct investments, therefore we bear no risks associated with these entities' liabilities and have not included them in the table above. see note 9 - consolidated sponsored investment products in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10-k.
at september 30, 2017, our consolidated balance sheet included liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $81.1 million and related accrued interest of $10.4 million (see note 11 - taxes on income in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10-k). because of the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing and amounts of future cash outflows, unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest have not been included in the table above.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, which require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. these estimates, judgments and assumptions are affected by our application of accounting policies. actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions. described below are the accounting policies that we believe are most critical to understanding our financial position and results of operations. for additional information about our accounting policies, see note 1 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10-k.
consolidation we consolidate our subsidiaries and sips in which we have a controlling financial interest. we have a controlling financial interest when we own a majority of the voting interest in a voting interest entity ("voe") or are the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity ("vie").
49
a vie is an entity in which the equity investment holders have not contributed sufficient capital to finance its activities or do not have defined rights and obligations normally associated with an equity investment. the assessment of whether an entity is a vie or voe involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. when performing the assessment we consider factors such as the entity's legal organization and capital structure, the rights of the equity investment holders and our contractual involvement with and ownership interest in the entity. our vies are all investment entities and our variable interests consist of our equity ownership interests in and certain investment management fees earned from these entities.
we are the primary beneficiary of a vie if we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of or right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie. investment management fees earned from vies are excluded from the primary beneficiary determination if they are deemed to be at market and commensurate with service. the key estimates and assumptions used in the analyses include the amount of aum and the life of the investment product. these estimates and assumptions are subject to variability. for example, aum is impacted by market volatility and the level of sales, redemptions, contributions, withdrawals and dividend reinvestments of mutual fund shares that occur daily. in addition, third-party purchases and redemptions, which are outside of our control, can impact our evaluation. there is judgment involved in assessing whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact vies' economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of or right to receive benefits from vies that could potentially be significant to the vies. as of september 30, 2017, we were the primary beneficiary of 37 sip vies.
fair value measurements we use a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. the three levels of fair value hierarchy are set forth below. our assessment of the hierarchy level of the assets or liabilities measured at fair value is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
level 1   unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, which may include published net asset values ("nav") for fund products.
level 2   observable inputs other than level 1 quoted prices, such as non-binding quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by observable market data. level 2 quoted prices are generally obtained from two independent third-party brokers or dealers, including prices derived from model-based valuation techniques for which the significant assumptions are observable in the market or corroborated by observable market data. quoted prices are validated through price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing, stale price review, price comparison across pricing vendors and due diligence reviews of third-party vendors.
level 3   unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. these inputs require significant management judgment and reflect our estimation of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
quoted market prices may be adjusted if events occur, such as significant price changes in u.s.-traded market proxies after the close of corresponding foreign markets, trade halts or suspensions, or unscheduled market closures. the market proxies consist of correlated country-specific exchange-traded securities, such as futures, american depositary receipts indices or exchange-traded funds. the price adjustments are primarily determined based on third-party factors derived from model-based valuation techniques for which the significant assumptions are observable in the market.
50
the fair values for level 3 assets and liabilities are determined using various methodologies in accordance with our global valuation and pricing policy which defines valuation and pricing conventions for each security type. we may employ a market-based method, using purchase multiples observed for comparable third-party transactions, valuations of comparable entities, projected operating results of the investee entity or subsequent financing transactions entered into by the investee entity. if the inputs for a market-based method are not available, we utilize an income-based method, which considers the net present value of anticipated future cash flows of the investment. a discount may be applied due to the nature or duration of any restrictions on the disposition of the investment. we review and approve the market-based and income-based methods on a periodic basis for changes that would impact the unobservable inputs incorporated into the valuation process. the fair value measurements from these methods are further validated through price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing and market comparable sales.
we record a substantial amount of our investments at fair value or amounts that approximate fair value on a recurring basis. investments in fund products for which fair value is estimated using nav as a practical expedient (when the nav is available to us as an investor but is not publicly available) are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. fair values are estimated for disclosure purposes for financial instruments that are not measured at fair value.
as of september 30, 2017, level 3 assets represented 13% of total assets measured at fair value, substantially all of which related to consolidated sips' investments in equity and debt securities and our direct investments in debt securities that are not traded in active markets. there was one level 3 liability, a contingent consideration liability which represented 85% of total liabilities measured at fair value. there were insignificant transfers out of level 3 and no transfers into level 3 during fiscal year 2017.
following are descriptions of the significant assets and liability measured at fair value and their fair value methodologies.
investment securities, trading consist of corporate debt securities, nonconsolidated sips and other debt and equity securities. the fair value of the corporate debt securities is determined using market pricing. the fair values of all sips and certain other equity securities are determined based on their published nav. the fair values of certain other debt and equity securities are determined using independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes. the fair value of certain other debt securities is determined based on discounted cash flows using significant unobservable inputs.
investment securities, available-for-sale consist primarily of nonconsolidated sips and to a lesser extent, debt and other equity securities. the fair value of the sips is determined based on their published nav. the fair value of the debt securities is primarily determined using independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes. the fair value of other equity securities is determined using quoted market prices.
investment securities, available-for-sale are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis when the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value. we consider many factors, including the severity and duration of the decline in fair value below cost, our intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient for an anticipated recovery in fair value, and the financial condition and specific events related to the issuer.
investments of consolidated sips consist of trading securities and other investments that are not generally traded in active markets. the fair value of the trading securities is determined using quoted market prices, or independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes if quoted market prices are not available.
the investments that are not generally traded in active markets consist of debt and equity securities of entities in emerging markets and fund products. the fair values of the debt and equity securities are determined using significant unobservable inputs in either a market-based or income-based approach. the fair value of the fund products is determined using nav as a practical expedient.
contingent consideration liability consists of the expected future payments related to our commitment to acquire the remaining interests in k2 and is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. the liability is determined using an income-based method which considers the net present value of anticipated future cash flows based on estimated future revenue and profits and timing of payments.
51
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess cost of a business acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. other intangible assets consist of investment management contracts resulting from business acquisitions. we amortize these intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which range from five to 15 years, using the straight-line method, unless the asset is determined to have an indefinite useful life. indefinite-lived intangible assets represent contracts to manage investment assets for which there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period.
we make significant estimates and assumptions when valuing goodwill and other intangible assets in connection with the initial purchase price allocation of an acquired entity, as well as when evaluating goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment on an ongoing basis.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change that more likely than not reduce the fair value of the related reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. we have one reporting unit, investment management and related services, consistent with our single operating segment, to which all goodwill has been assigned.
we may first assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. the qualitative analysis considers entity-specific and macroeconomic factors and their potential impact on the key assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset. a quantitative impairment test is performed if the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the related reporting unit is less than its carrying value or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, or if a qualitative assessment is not performed.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process. the first step compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. if the carrying value is less than the fair value, no impairment exists and the second step is not performed. if the carrying value is higher than the fair value, there is an indication that impairment may exist and the second step is performed to compute the amount of the impairment. in the second step, impairment is computed by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with the carrying value of the goodwill.
the quantitative indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment test compares the fair value of the asset to its carrying value. if the carrying value is higher than the fair value, impairment is recognized in the amount of the difference in values.
in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we use an income approach under which future cash flows are discounted. our future cash flow estimates include assumptions about the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, average effective fee rate, effective tax rate, and discount rate, which is based on our weighted average cost of capital. the most relevant of these assumptions to the determination of estimated fair value are the aum growth rate and the discount rate.
we performed our annual impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of august 1, 2017. we elected to perform a qualitative assessment of the valuation of goodwill and 88% of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and concluded it is more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting unit and the specific intangible assets exceed their carrying values. we performed a quantitative test for the remaining indefinite-lived intangible assets and did not recognize any impairment because our estimated fair values of the assets exceeded their carrying values by more than 20%.
we subsequently monitor market conditions and their potential impact on the assumptions used in the annual calculations of fair value to determine whether circumstances have changed that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting unit below its carrying value, or indicate that our indefinite-lived intangible assets might be impaired. we considered, among other things, changes in our aum and weighted-average cost of capital by assessing whether these changes would impact the reasonableness of the assumptions used in our impairment tests as of august 1, 2017. we also monitored fluctuations of our common stock per share price to evaluate our market capitalization relative to the reporting unit as a whole. subsequent to august 1, 2017, there were no impairments to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets as no events occurred or circumstances changed that would indicate these assets might be impaired.
while we believe that the assumptions used to estimate fair value in our impairment tests are reasonable and appropriate, future changes in the assumptions could result in recognition of impairment.
52
revenues investment management, distribution and shareholder servicing fees are recognized as earned over the period in which services are rendered, except for performance-based investment management fees, which are recognized when earned. sales commissions related to the sale of shares of sips are recognized on trade date. investment management fees, other than performance-based fees, and distribution fees are determined based on a percentage of aum, primarily on a monthly basis using average daily aum. performance-based investment management fees are based on performance targets established in the related investment management contracts. shareholder servicing fees are generally calculated based on the number and type of accounts serviced.
aum is generally based on the fair value of the underlying securities held by sips and is calculated using fair value methods derived primarily from unadjusted quoted market prices, unadjusted independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes in active markets, or market prices or price quotes adjusted for observable price movements after the close of the primary market. the fair values of the underlying securities for which market prices are not readily available are internally valued using various methodologies which incorporate unobservable inputs as appropriate for each security type.
pricing of the securities held by sips is governed by our global valuation and pricing policy, which defines valuation and pricing conventions for each security type, including practices for responding to unexpected or unusual market events. as of september 30, 2017, our total aum by fair value hierarchy level was 54% level 1, 45% level 2 and 1% level 3.
as substantially all of our aum is valued based on observable market prices or inputs, market risk is the most significant risk underlying the valuation of our aum.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements using the statutory tax rates in effect for the year when the reported amount of the asset or liability is expected to be recovered or settled, respectively. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date. a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying values of deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. for each tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation. a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. we recognize the accrual of interest on uncertain tax positions in interest expense and penalties in other operating expenses.
as a multinational corporation, we operate in various locations outside the u.s. and generate earnings from our non-u.s. subsidiaries. we indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings of all our non-u.s. subsidiaries, except for income previously taxed in the u.s. or subject to regulatory or legal repatriation restrictions or requirements. as a result, we have not recognized a provision for u.s. income taxes and a deferred income tax liability on $9.0 billion of cumulative undistributed non-u.s. earnings that are indefinitely reinvested at september 30, 2017. changes to our policy of reinvestment or repatriation of non-u.s. earnings may have a significant effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
loss contingencies we are involved in various lawsuits and claims encountered in the normal course of business. when such a matter arises and periodically thereafter, we consult with our legal counsel and evaluate the merits of the claims based on the facts available at that time. in management's opinion, an adequate accrual has been made as of september 30, 2017 to provide for any probable losses that may arise from such matters for which we could reasonably estimate an amount. see also note 12 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10-k.
new accounting guidance see note 2 - new accounting guidance in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10-k.
53
selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)
(in millions, except per share data)
quarter ended                                                   december 31               march 31                june 30             september 30
fiscal year 2017
operating revenues                                           $1,560.8                $1,600.6               $1,613.9               $1,616.9
operating income                                                586.9                   555.5                  564.2                  557.7
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.             440.2                   420.7                  410.6                  425.2
earnings per share basic                                                           $0.77                   $0.74                  $0.73                  $0.76
diluted                                                          0.77                    0.74                   0.73                   0.76
dividends declared per share                                    $0.20                   $0.20                  $0.20                  $0.20
common stock price per share high                                                           $42.18                  $44.35                 $45.60                 $47.65
low                                                             33.02                   39.38                  40.48                  40.95
aum (in billions)
ending                                                         $720.0                  $740.0                 $742.8                 $753.2
average                                                         722.7                   731.7                  742.1                  749.0
fiscal year 2016
operating revenues                                           $1,758.0                $1,613.9               $1,634.3               $1,611.8
operating income                                                653.6                   537.3                  595.4                  579.4
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.             447.8                   360.4                  446.4                  472.1
earnings per share basic                                                           $0.74                   $0.61                  $0.77                  $0.82
diluted                                                          0.74                    0.61                   0.77                   0.82
dividends declared per share                                    $0.18                   $0.18                  $0.18                  $0.18
common stock price per share high                                                           $42.23                  $39.94                 $41.24                 $36.99
low                                                             34.62                   31.00                  30.56                  31.59
aum (in billions)
ending                                                         $763.9                  $742.6                 $732.1                 $733.3
average                                                         781.5                   737.1                  739.8                  736.4
risk factors for a description of certain risk factors and other important factors that may affect us, our subsidiaries and our business, please see the description of the risk factors set forth under item 1a of part i of this form 10-k, which is incorporated herein by reference.
54
