item 1a.    risk factors risk factors our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our financial condition and business operations. see "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements."
risks relating to our business and industries adverse weather conditions, including as a result of future climate change, may adversely affect the availability, quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products, as well as our operations and operating results.
adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business, reduce demand for our fertilizer products and negatively affect the creditworthiness of agricultural producers who do business with us.
additionally, our sugar production depends on the volume and sucrose content of the sugarcane that we cultivate or that is supplied to us by third-party growers. both sugarcane crop yields and sucrose content depend significantly on weather conditions, such as rainfall and prevailing temperatures, which can vary substantially. adverse weather conditions can also impair our ability to harvest and transport sugarcane to our mills, leading to decreased productivity and higher production costs. as a result, unfavorable weather conditions have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our sugar operations.
severe adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes or severe storms, may also result in extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries and other loss and damage to us. our operations also rely on dependable and efficient transportation services. a disruption in transportation services, as a result of weather conditions or otherwise, may also significantly adversely impact our operations.
12
additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. these potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels that could adversely impact our costs and business operations, the location and costs of global agricultural commodity production and the supply and demand for agricultural commodities. these effects could be material to our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
we face intense competition in each of our businesses.
we face significant competition in each of our businesses and we have numerous competitors, some of which are larger and have greater financial resources than we have. additionally, in recent years we have experienced regional agribusiness competitors entering new geographies where previously they did not compete with us and certain customers seeking to procure certain commodities directly rather than through historical suppliers such as us. as many of the products we sell are global commodities, the markets for our products are highly price competitive and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. to compete effectively, we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations, developing and offering products that meet customer needs, as well as developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships. we also compete for talent in our industries, particularly commercial personnel. additionally, we face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices, such as increased on farm storage of crops in several regions which allow producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees, exit certain lines of business, increase marketing or other expenditures, increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.
we are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices caused by other factors outside of our control that could adversely affect our operating results.
prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products, including, among others, soybeans, corn, wheat, sugar and ethanol, like those of other commodities, are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control, including farmer planting and selling decisions, government agriculture programs and policies, global inventory levels, demand for biofuels, weather and crop conditions and demand for and supply of, competing commodities and substitutes. these factors may cause volatility in our operating results.
our fertilizer business may also be adversely affected by fluctuations in the prices of agricultural commodities and fertilizer raw materials that are caused by market factors beyond our control. increases in fertilizer prices due to higher raw material costs have in the past and could in the future adversely affect demand for our fertilizer products. additionally, as a result of competitive conditions in our food and ingredients and fertilizer segments, we may not be able to recoup increases in raw material costs through increases in sales prices for our products, which may adversely affect our profitability.
we are vulnerable to the effects of supply and demand imbalances in our industries.
historically, the market for some of our agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical, with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. the timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market, which, until the supply/demand balance is again restored, negatively impacts product prices and operating results. during times of reduced market demand, we may suspend or reduce production at some of our facilities. the extent to which we efficiently manage available capacity at our facilities will affect our profitability.
fluctuations in energy prices could adversely affect our operating results.
our operating costs and selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and coal, and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. significant increases in the cost of these items could adversely affect our operating costs and results.
we also sell certain biofuel products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. as a result, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. in turn, the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell, such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels, are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels, and consequently world petroleum prices as well. prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market factors and government fuel policies, over which we have no control. lower prices for oil, gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol, biodiesel and their raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. additionally, the prices of sugar and sugarcane-based ethanol are also correlated, and, therefore, a decline in world sugar prices may also adversely affect the selling price of the ethanol we produce in brazil.
13
we are subject to global and regional economic downturns and related risks.
the level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. a significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions, may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
additionally, weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets, including constraints on the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the financial condition and creditworthiness of some of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which in turn may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
for example, brazil is currently recovering from a significant multi-year recession, and has experienced significant political uncertainty in recent years due to high profile political corruption scandals, the impeachment of the former president and upcoming general elections in 2018. the depressed and uncertain economic and political environment in brazil has adversely affected consumer confidence levels and spending, which has led to significantly reduced demand for products in our food and ingredients businesses in the country. the pace of economic improvement is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that economic and political conditions will not continue to affect market and consumer confidence or deteriorate further in the near term. additionally, a slowdown in china's economy over a prolonged period could lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities. to the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes, our business and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected.
we are subject to economic, political and other risks of doing business globally and in emerging markets.
we are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the united states. in addition, part of our strategy involves expanding our business in several emerging market regions, including eastern europe, asia-pacific, the middle east and africa. volatile international economic, political and market conditions may have a negative impact on our operating results and our ability to achieve our business strategies.
due to the international nature of our business, we are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies, particularly the brazilian real, the argentine peso, the euro and certain eastern european currencies affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the united states.
we are also exposed to other risks of international operations, including:
•   adverse trade policies or trade barriers on agricultural commodities and commodity products;
•   inflation and hyperinflationary economic conditions and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation, such as imposition of wage and price controls and higher interest rates;
•   changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries where we operate, such as tax laws, including the risk of future adverse tax regulation in the united states relating to our status as a bermuda company;
•   difficulties in enforcing agreements or judgments and collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions;
•   sovereign risk;
•   exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds, such as on the remittance of dividends by subsidiaries;
•   inadequate infrastructure;
•   government intervention, including through expropriation, or regulation of the economy or natural resources, including restrictions on foreign ownership of land or other assets;
•   the requirement to comply with a wide variety of foreign and united states laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including, without limitation, economic sanctions regulations, labor laws, import and export regulations, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, as well as other laws or regulations discussed in this "item 1a. risk factors" section;
•   challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems; and
•   labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism.
14
these risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies and operating results. additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding potential future changes in u.s. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. as we continue to operate and expand our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and our how well we are able our ability to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes.
government policies and regulations, particularly those affecting the agricultural sector and related industries, could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded and the volume and types of imports and exports. in addition, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions.
from time to time depending on market conditions, increases in prices for, among other things, food, fuel and crop inputs, such as fertilizers, may become the subject of significant discussion by governmental bodies and the public throughout the world. in some countries, this has led to the imposition of policies such as price controls, tariffs and export restrictions on agricultural commodities. additionally, continuing efforts to change the regulation of financial markets, including the u.s. dodd-frank act and european regulations, may subject large users of derivatives, such as bunge, to extensive new oversight and regulation. such initiatives could impose significant additional costs on us, including operating and compliance costs, and could materially affect the availability, as well as the cost and terms, of certain transactions. future governmental policies, regulations or actions affecting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business and cause our financial results to suffer.
increases in commodity prices can increase the scrutiny to which we are subject under antitrust laws.
we are subject to antitrust and competition laws in various countries throughout the world. we cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will change over time, particularly in periods of significant price increases in our industries. changes or developments in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may limit our existing or future operations and growth. increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in europe, brazil and other jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liability on us in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may be adversely affected by a shortage of sugarcane or by high sugarcane costs.
sugarcane is our principal raw material used in the production of ethanol and sugar. our ability to secure an adequate supply of sugarcane depends on our ability to negotiate and maintain satisfactory land rights and supply contracts with third parties. currently, approximately 94% of the land we use for sugarcane supply is not owned by us, with such land typically managed through agricultural partnership agreements having an average remaining term of four years. we cannot guarantee that these agreements will be renewed after their respective terms or that any such renewals will be on terms and conditions satisfactory to us. a significant shortage of sugarcane supply or increase in the cost of available sugarcane, including as a result of the termination of our partnership or supply contracts or the inability to enter into alternative arrangements on economic terms, would likely have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, and such effect could be material.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures.
we have been an active acquirer of other companies, and we have joint ventures with several partners. part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand and enhance our business. our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. in addition, we may decide, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses. our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture.
our acquisition or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs and other problems. if we encounter unexpected problems with one of our acquisitions, alliances or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. additionally, we may fail to consummate
15
proposed acquisitions or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions.
acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. the due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. a material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges resulting from the completion and integration of a sizeable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities and other unanticipated problems and liabilities.
divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including environmental or litigation matters, associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. the magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction, and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology and other systems and management processes, including the loss of key personnel. additionally, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize.
additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments where we may have limited control over governance, financial reporting and operations. as a result, we face certain operating, financial and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. as a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows.
we are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results.
we are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims and recalls; as well as government regulation, regarding matters such as food and feed safety, nutritional standards and genetically modified organisms. we are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. these risks could not only adversely affect our business and operating results but also our corporate reputation.
as a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. the failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and loss of market share to competitors. our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars and grains consumed as well as concerns regarding genetically modified crops. failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to environmental, health and safety regulation in numerous jurisdictions. we may be subject to substantial costs, liabilities and other adverse effects on our business relating to these matters.
our operations are regulated by environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the countries where we operate, including those governing the labeling, use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials. these laws and regulations require us to implement procedures for the handling of hazardous materials and for operating in potentially hazardous conditions and they impose liability on us for the cleanup of environmental contamination. in addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at
16
facilities that we no longer own or operate. we may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. we may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. in addition, our industrial activities can result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities.
in addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries where we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight of our industries, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. the imposition of regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, which may include limitations on greenhouse gas emissions, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on greenhouse gas emissions and other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting of our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations.
we are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customers in the ordinary course of business. in particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them.
we have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. in the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
in brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, we had approximately $817 million and $966 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances to farmers. we are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. in addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss.
we are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and expand our business.
we require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. in addition, our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. we are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to have access to significant amounts of capital. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $5,015 million unused and available borrowing capacity under various committed long-term credit facilities and $4,479 million in total debt. our debt could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. this may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets generally could adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing, as well as adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business, which may reduce our ability to obtain financing for our operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources."
in connection with the ioi loders croklaan acquisition, we have incurred a significant amount of additional debt to fund the acquisition. this increase in our indebtedness, coupled with the possibility of continued weak financial results as a result of
17
adverse industry conditions generally, could result in a lowering of our credit ratings. our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. while our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt, a reduction in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on favorable terms and impair our ability to compete effectively relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
our risk management strategies may not be effective.
our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. we engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. however, our exposures may not always be fully hedged and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. in addition, our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. while we have implemented a broad range of control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses, they may not in all cases successfully protect us from losses that have the potential to impair our financial position. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
we may not be able to achieve the efficiencies, savings and other benefits anticipated from our cost reduction, margin improvement and other business optimization initiatives.
we are continually implementing programs throughout the company to reduce costs, increase efficiencies and enhance our business. initiatives currently in process or implemented in the past several years include the rationalization of manufacturing operations globally, including the closing of facilities, the implementation of an operational improvement program in our food and ingredients businesses and the launch of the global competitiveness program ("gcp") announced in july 2017. the goal of the gcp is to improve our cost position and deliver increased value to shareholders by achieving $250 million of cost savings by the end of 2020. it is anticipated that aggregate total pre-tax cash charges attributable to the gcp will be in the range of approximately $200 million to $300 million, which primarily relate to severance and other employee benefit costs, and costs related to professional services. the successful design and implementation of the gcp presents significant organizational design and other challenges. we may not achieve or sustain the targeted benefits under the gcp, or we may not achieve them within our expected timetable. unexpected delays, increased costs, adverse effects on our internal control environment, inability to retain and motivate employees or other challenges arising from these initiatives could adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated savings or other intended benefits of these activities. additionally, the scope of the gcp will require a substantial amount of management and operational resources to implement it effectively. these and related demands on our resources may divert the company's attention from our ongoing business operations, which could also impact our competitive position.
the loss of or a disruption in our manufacturing and distribution operations or other operations and systems could adversely affect our business.
we are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale, and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor, on a daily basis, a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. as a result, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, explosions, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes and disruptions in logistics or information systems, as well as natural disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. while we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards, our level of insurance may not cover all losses. the loss of, or damage to, any of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our information technology systems and processes may suffer a significant breach or disruption that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance information and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. our information technology and infrastructure may experience attacks by hackers, breaches or other failures or disruptions that could compromise our systems and the information stored there. while we have implemented security measures and disaster recovery plans designed to protect the security and continuity of our networks and critical systems, these measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring or mitigate their severity if they do occur. if our information technology systems are breached, damaged or fail to function properly due to any number of causes, such as security breaches or cyber based attacks, systems implementation difficulties, catastrophic events or power outages, and our security, contingency disaster recovery or other risk mitigation plans do not effectively mitigate these occurrences on a timely basis, we may experience a material disruption in our
18
ability to manage our business operations and produce financial reports, as well as significant costs and lost business opportunities until they are remediated. we may also be subject to legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, potential regulatory penalties and damage to our reputation. these impacts may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our competitive position.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income taxes in various jurisdictions throughout the world. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes, along with interest and penalties. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to assess the appropriateness of our tax assets and liabilities. however, the calculation of such liabilities involves significant judgment in the interpretation of complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions. therefore, any dispute with a taxing authority may result in a payment or outcome that is significantly different from current estimates. there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and financial condition in the periods in which they are recognized.
additionally, changes in tax laws could materially impact our tax rate and the monetization of recoverable tax assets (indirect tax credits). furthermore, the recent efforts in corporate tax transparency by the organization of economic cooperation and development ("oecd") resulting in additional mandated disclosures will likely cause additional scrutiny on the company's tax positions and potentially increased tax liabilities.
changes in tax laws and policies could also impact supplier and customer behaviors, resulting in impacts to our financial results. for example, the recent tax reform legislation in the united states contains a provision favoring sales of commodities to agricultural cooperatives. if not amended, this new provision could result in competitive disadvantages to grain companies such as us and lead to reduced gross margins. we are currently evaluating commercial and other measures to respond to the new law.
risks relating to our common shares we are a bermuda company, and it may be difficult to enforce judgments against us and our directors and executive officers.
we are a bermuda exempted company. as a result, the rights of holders of our common shares will be governed by bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. the rights of shareholders under bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies or corporations incorporated in other jurisdictions, including the united states. several of our directors and some of our officers are non-residents of the united states, and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those directors and officers are located outside the united states. as a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process on those persons in the united states or to enforce in the u.s. judgments obtained in u.s. courts against us or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the u.s. securities laws. it is doubtful whether courts in bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the united states, against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions.
our bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers and directors.
our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our officers or directors. the waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. this waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act, or failure to act, involves fraud or dishonesty.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our bye-laws that may discourage a change of control.
our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. these provisions provide for:
•   directors to be removed without cause at any special general meeting only upon the affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution;
•   restrictions on the time period in which directors may be nominated;
•   our board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and rights of our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without shareholder approval; and
19
•   an affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution for some business combination transactions, which have not been approved by our board of directors.
these provisions, as well as any additional anti-takeover measures our board of directors could adopt in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party's offer may be considered beneficial by many shareholders. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following should be read in conjunction with "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("ebit") is an operating performance measure used by bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. bunge's management believes total segment ebit is a useful measure of operating profitability, since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in bunge's industries. total segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure.
operating results factors affecting operating results bunge limited, a bermuda company, together with its subsidiaries, is a leading global agribusiness and food company operating in the farm-to-consumer food chain. the commodity nature of the company's principal products, as well as regional and global supply and demand variations that occur as an inherent part of the business, make volumes an important operating measure. accordingly, information is included in "segment results" that summarizes certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment. the common unit of measure for all reported volumes is metric tons. a description of reported volumes for each reportable segment has also been included in the discussion of key factors affecting results of operations in each of our business segments as discussed below.
agribusiness in the agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation and logistics services. profitability in our oilseed processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed and sold and by capacity utilization rates. availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. reported volumes in this segment primarily reflect (i) grains and oilseeds originated from farmers, cooperatives or other aggregators and from which "origination margins" are earned; (ii) oilseeds processed in our oilseed processing facilities and from which "crushing margins" are earned- representing the margin from the industrial separation of the oilseed into its protein meal and vegetable oil components, both of which are separate commodity products; and (iii) third party sales of grains, oilseeds and related commodity products merchandised through our distribution businesses and from which "distribution margins" are earned. the foregoing subsegment volumes may overlap as they produce separate margin capture opportunities. for example, oilseeds procured in our south american grain origination activities may be processed in our oilseed processing facilities in asia-pacific and will be reflected at both points within the segment. as such, these reported volumes do not represent solely volumes of net sales to third-parties, but rather where margin is earned, appropriately reflecting their contribution to our global network's capacity utilization and profitability.
demand for our purchased and processed agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita incomes, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.
we expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. we also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity.
additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. for example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to
27
acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
food and ingredients in the food and ingredients businesses, which consist of our edible oil products and milling products segments, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials, such as crude vegetable oils and grains, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita incomes, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the edible oil products and milling products segments are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in these segments reflect third-party sales of our finished products and, as such, include the sales of products derived from raw materials sourced from the agribusiness segment as well as from third-parties. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
sugar and bioenergy the sugar and bioenergy segment is an integrated business which primarily includes the procurement and growing of sugarcane and the production of sugar, ethanol and electricity in our eight mills in brazil, global sugar trading and merchandising activities, and investment interests in affiliates.
profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane, which impacts our capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane, and by market prices of sugarcane, sugar and ethanol. availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors, including weather, geographical factors such as soil quality and topography, and agricultural practices. once planted, sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years, but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. as a result, the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests, depending on location. we own and/or have partnership agreements to manage farmland on which we grow and harvest sugarcane. we also purchase sugarcane from third parties. prices of sugarcane in brazil are established by consecana, the são paulo state sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council, and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. demand for our products is affected by such factors as changes in global or regional economic conditions, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, population growth rates, changes in per capita incomes and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities, including sugarcane. we expect that these factors will continue to affect supply and demand for our sugar and bioenergy products in the foreseeable future. reported volumes in this segment reflect third-party sales of sugar and ethanol.
fertilizer in the fertilizer segment, demand for our products is affected by the profitability of the agricultural sectors we serve, the availability of credit to farmers, agricultural commodity prices, the types of crops planted, the number of acres planted, the quality of the land under cultivation and weather-related issues affecting the success of the harvests. our profitability is impacted by international selling prices for fertilizers and fertilizer raw materials, such as phosphate, sulfur, ammonia and urea, ocean freight rates and other import costs, as well as import volumes at the port facilities we manage. as our operations are in south america, primarily argentina, our results in this segment are typically seasonal, with fertilizer sales normally concentrated in the third and fourth quarters of the year due to the timing of the south american agricultural cycle. reported volumes in this segment reflect third-party sales of our finished products.
in addition to these industry related factors which impact our business areas, our results of operations in all business areas and segments are affected by the following factors:
foreign currency exchange rates due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. on a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into u.s. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. as a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the u.s. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). included in accumulated other comprehensive income for the years ended
28
december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were foreign currency net translation gains (losses) of $187 million, $709 million and $(2,546) million, respectively, resulting from the translation of our foreign subsidiaries' assets and liabilities.
additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. these amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign currency gains (losses).
we primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. as a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. in contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign currency gains (losses).
income taxes as a bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes on income in our jurisdiction of incorporation. however, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 39%. the jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are brazil, the united states, argentina and bermuda. determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction where we operate and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events.
results of operations
2017 overview for the year ended december 31, 2017, net income attributable to bunge decreased by $585 million to $160 million from $745 million in 2016. this decrease resulted primarily from a decrease in total segment ebit of $707 million, particularly in agribusiness, as described below, and was partially offset by decreases in income tax expense and losses from discontinued operations. interest income decreased by $13 million to $38 million in 2017 compared to $51 million in 2016, primarily related to lower average cash and cash equivalents balances. interest expense increased $29 million to $263 million in 2017 from $234 million in 2016, primarily due to higher average debt balances, higher variable interest rates, and an increase in the duration of our debt portfolio.
income tax expense was $56 million in 2017, compared to income tax expense of $220 million in 2016. the effective tax rate for 2017 was 24% compared to 22% 2016.  the higher tax rate in 2017 was primarily due to certain discrete items.
total segment ebit of $436 million in 2017 decreased from $1,143 million in 2016. ebit for 2017 included $55 million of severance, employee benefit and other program costs related to our global competitiveness program ("gcp"), $35 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to other industrial initiatives, $22 million of restructuring charges in our industrial sugar operations in brazil, and $16 million of indirect tax credits in our industrial sugar operations in brazil. in addition, ebit included $20 million of asset impairment charges in asia-pacific and europe relating to feedmill and port assets, $17 million of impairment charges related to our palm oil affiliate in indonesia and our renewable oils affiliate in brazil, and impairment charges of $7 million of intangible assets. ebit also included $9 million of gains on the disposition of equity interests in brazil and $9 million of acquisition fees. ebit for 2016 included $120 million of gains on the disposition of equity interests in port and transshipment operations in brazil and an oilseed crush facility in vietnam and a $14 million gain related to a wheat export tax contingency settlement. in addition, 2016 total segment ebit included impairment charges of $44 million and $15 million relating to equity investments in brazil and asia-pacific, respectively, impairment charges of $12 million of intangible assets, $9 million of asset impairment charges in our fertilizer operations in argentina, a provision of $8 million for long-term receivables in brazil and $3 million of restructuring charges in our industrial sugar operations in brazil.
agribusiness segment ebit decreased by $619 million primarily driven by our grain origination business which was impacted by weaker margins, slow farmer selling, strong competition and take-or-pay logistics commitments in south america and weaker results in our soybean processing facilities in most regions. contributing to lower ebit were severance, employee benefit and other program costs related to our gcp and impairment charges.
edible oil products segment ebit increased $14 million to $126 million in 2017 from $112 million in 2016. increases to gross profit from acquisitions in europe and argentina and increased volumes in asia-pacific were partially offset by program costs related to our gcp and acquisition costs.
29
milling products segment ebit decreased by $68 million to $63 million in 2017 driven primarily by continued weak economic conditions and lower demand for higher value wheat products in brazil and mexico. additionally, 2016 ebit benefitted from the recovery of $14 million in brazilian wheat import taxes.
sugar and bioenergy segment ebit decreased by $8 million. our sugarcane milling, trading and merchandising operations were impacted by lower sugar and ethanol prices. included in ebit were employee severance costs and restructuring charges of $22 million related to our sugar milling operations, offset by $16 million of indirect tax credits. included in ebit in 2016 was $44 million of impairment charges related to our renewable oils affiliate in brazil.
fertilizer segment ebit decreased $26 million primarily due to lower margins in argentina and the reversal of a natural gas tariff reserve of $11 million that benefitted 2016. also, included in 2017 ebit were $13 million of severance and employee benefit costs related to the closure of three fertilizer production lines in one of our plants in argentina.
segment results bunge has five reportable segments-agribusiness, edible oil products, milling products, sugar and bioenergy, and fertilizer-which are organized based upon similar economic characteristics and are similar in nature of products and services offered, the nature of production processes, the type and class of customer, and distribution methods. the agribusiness segment is characterized by both inputs and outputs being agricultural commodities and thus high volume and low margin. the edible oil products segment involves the manufacturing and marketing of products derived from vegetable oils. the milling products segment involves the manufacturing and marketing of products derived primarily from wheat and corn. the sugar and bioenergy segment involves sugarcane growing and milling in brazil, sugar and ethanol trading and merchandising in various countries, as well as sugarcane-based ethanol production and corn-based ethanol investments and related activities. the fertilizer segment includes the activities of our port operations in brazil and argentina and blending and distribution operations in argentina.
30
a summary of certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment for the periods indicated is set forth below.
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                 2017                    2016                    2015
volume (in thousands of metric tons):
agribusiness                                              142,855                 134,605                 134,136
edible oil products                                         7,731                   6,989                   6,831
milling products                                            4,460                   4,498                   4,199
sugar and bioenergy                                         9,389                   8,847                  10,440
fertilizer                                                  1,329                   1,272                     979
net sales:
agribusiness                                              $31,741                 $30,061                 $31,267
edible oil products                                         8,018                   6,859                   6,698
milling products                                            1,575                   1,647                   1,609
sugar and bioenergy                                         4,054                   3,709                   3,495
fertilizer                                                    406                     403                     386
total                                                     $45,794                 $42,679                 $43,455
cost of goods sold:
agribusiness                                             $(30,809    )           $(28,571    )           $(29,409    )
edible oil products                                        (7,519    )             (6,420    )             (6,294    )
milling products                                           (1,366    )             (1,378    )             (1,372    )
sugar and bioenergy                                        (3,955    )             (3,550    )             (3,331    )
fertilizer                                                   (381    )               (350    )               (356    )
total                                                    $(44,030    )           $(40,269    )           $(40,762    )
gross profit (loss):
agribusiness                                                 $932                  $1,490                  $1,858
edible oil products                                           499                     439                     404
milling products                                              209                     269                     237
sugar and bioenergy                                            99                     159                     164
fertilizer                                                     25                      53                      30
total                                                      $1,764                  $2,410                  $2,693
selling, general &amp; administrative expenses:
agribusiness                                                $(810    )              $(706    )              $(851    )
edible oil products                                          (362    )               (320    )               (328    )
milling products                                             (139    )               (127    )               (123    )
sugar and bioenergy                                          (115    )               (112    )               (109    )
fertilizer                                                    (19    )                (21    )                (24    )
total                                                     $(1,445    )            $(1,286    )            $(1,435    )
foreign currency gain (loss):
agribusiness                                                  $85                     $(7    )                $67
edible oil products                                             3                      (1    )                  -
milling products                                               (3    )                 (7    )                 (8    )
sugar and bioenergy                                            11                       9                     (68    )
fertilizer                                                     (1    )                 (2    )                  1
total                                                         $95                     $(8    )                $(8    )
31
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                     2017                  2016                  2015
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests:(1)
agribusiness                                                                      $(9    )             $(21    )              $(9    )
edible oil products                                                                (8    )              (13    )               (8    )
milling products                                                                    -                     -                     -
sugar and bioenergy                                                                 -                     -                     -
fertilizer                                                                         (2    )               (2    )               (1    )
total                                                                            $(19    )             $(36    )             $(18    )
other income (expense):
agribusiness                                                                      $62                   $24                   $(3    )
edible oil products                                                                (6    )                7                     4
milling products                                                                   (4    )               (4    )               (3    )
sugar and bioenergy                                                                (3    )              (16    )              (15    )
fertilizer                                                                          -                     1                    (1    )
total                                                                             $49                   $12                  $(18    )
gain on disposition of equity interests and sale of assets-agribusiness            $9                  $122                   $47
equity investment impairment-agribusiness                                        $(13    )             $(15    )               $-
intangible asset impairment-agribusiness                                           $-                  $(12    )               $-
goodwill impairment-edible oil products                                            $-                    $-                  $(13    )
equity investment impairment-sugar and bioenergy                                  $(4    )             $(44    )               $-
segment ebit:(1)
agribusiness                                                                     $256                  $875                $1,108
edible oil products                                                               126                   112                    59
milling products                                                                   63                   131                   103
sugar and bioenergy                                                               (12    )               (4    )              (27    )
fertilizer                                                                          3                    29                     5
total                                                                            $436                $1,143                $1,248
depreciation, depletion and amortization:
agribusiness                                                                    $(267    )            $(236    )            $(234    )
edible oil products                                                              (105    )              (94    )              (90    )
milling products                                                                  (61    )              (62    )              (46    )
sugar and bioenergy                                                              (164    )             (143    )             (160    )
fertilizer                                                                        (12    )              (12    )              (15    )
total                                                                           $(609    )            $(547    )            $(545    )
net income attributable to bunge                                                 $160                  $745                  $791
(1)   we refer to our earnings before interest and taxes in each of our segments as "segment ebit". total segment ebit is an operating performance measure used by bunge's management to evaluate its segments' operating activities. total segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. bunge's management believes segment ebit is a useful measure of its segments' operating profitability, since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in bunge's industries. total segment ebit excludes ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests and is not a measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to bunge or any other measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap.
32
a reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit follows:
year endeddecember 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                 2017                  2016                  2015
net income attributable to bunge                             $160                  $745                  $791
interest income                                               (38    )              (51    )              (43    )
interest expense                                              263                   234                   258
income tax expense                                             56                   220                   296
(income) loss from discontinued operations                      -                     9                   (35    )
noncontrolling interests' share of interest and tax            (5    )              (14    )              (19    )
total segment ebit                                           $436                $1,143                $1,248
2017 compared to 2016
net income attributable to bunge- for the year ended december 31, 2017, net income attributable to bunge decreased by $585 million to $160 million from $745 million in 2016. this decrease resulted primarily from a decrease in total segment ebit of $707 million, particularly in agribusiness, partially offset by decreases in losses from discontinued operations and income tax expense.
income tax expense- in the year ended december 31, 2017, income tax expense was $56 million compared to income tax expense of $220 million in 2016. the effective tax rate for 2017 was 24% compared to 22% for 2016. the higher tax rate in 2017 was primarily due to an income tax charge recognized in the u.s. from newly enacted tax reform of $60 million, an income tax charge due to a tax rate change in argentina for $6 million and a valuation allowance recognized in europe for $26 million. this was partly offset by an income tax benefit of $32 million for a favorable resolution of income tax matters in asia-pacific, an income tax benefit of $17 million related to a prior year tax election in south america, and the release of a valuation allowance in asia-pacific for $6 million. the 2016 effective tax rate of 22% was driven primarily by certain discrete items including an income tax benefit of $60 million recorded for a change in estimate resulting from a tax election for north america, a release of valuation allowance for sugar entities of $19 million, and an income tax benefit of $11 million recorded for income tax refund claims in europe, partially offset by an income tax charge of $56 million recorded for an uncertain tax position related to asia-pacific. excluding the effect of these discrete items noted above, our effective tax rate for 2017, and 2016 was 8% and 26%, respectively. the reduction in the effective tax rate from 2016 to 2017, after taking into account the discrete tax items noted above, is primarily attributable to favorable earnings mix on a lower base of pretax income and due to other net favorable discrete items, recognized primarily in the fourth quarter of 2017.
on december 22, 2017, h.r. 1, commonly known as the "tax cuts and jobs act" (the "tax act") was signed into u.s. law. we recognized the income tax effects of the tax act in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118, which provides sec staff guidance for the application of asc 740, income taxes, in the reporting period in which the tax act was signed into law. as such, our financial results reflect the income tax effects of the tax act for which the accounting under asc topic 740 is complete, and our financial results reflect provisional amounts for those specific income tax effects of the tax act for which the accounting under asc topic 740 is incomplete but a reasonable estimate could be determined. pursuant to sab 118, adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded by us as of december 31, 2017, that are identified within a subsequent measurement period of up to one year from the enactment date will be included as an adjustment to the tax expense from continuing operations in the period the amounts are determined.
agribusiness segment- agribusiness segment net sales increased by 6% to $31.7 billion in 2017, compared to $30.1 billion in 2016, aligned with the overall volumes increase of 6% compared to 2016. higher volumes in brazil due to larger soybean and corn crops, increased crush volumes in europe due to our new crush plant in ukraine which started operations in the second quarter of 2016, and the acquisition of two oilseed crushing facilities in western europe in the first quarter of 2017 led to the increase in net sales compared to 2016.
cost of goods sold increased by 8%, aligned with the increases in volumes noted above. in addition, cost of goods sold for 2017, was impacted by $16 million of impairment charges of long-lived assets in asia-pacific and europe, $12 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to our industrial productivity initiatives, higher industrial costs and depreciation from the recent acquisitions in europe and a 9% appreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar in 2017 compared to 2016.
33
gross profit decreased to $932 million in 2017, from $1.5 billion in 2016, primarily driven by lower margins in our grain origination, oilseed processing and trading and distribution businesses from slow farmer selling, reduced demand for soybean meal, strong competition, fewer risk management opportunities and severance and employee benefit costs related to industrial productivity initiatives.
sg&a expenses increased $104 million to $810 million in 2017, which represented a 15% increase from $706 million in the same period last year. this increase included $37 million of gcp costs, related primarily to severance and other employee benefit costs, added general and administrative expenses in europe related to new acquisitions and a 9% appreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar in 2016. additionally, there was a $17 million credit adjustment in brazil, $7 million of impairment charges, primarily of intangible assets related to patents, and $7 million of transaction related costs associated with the acquisition of two oilseed processing facilities in europe.
foreign currency results in 2017 were gains of $85 million, compared to losses of $7 million in 2016. these results were primarily driven by gains on u.s. dollar-denominated loans to fund operations and foreign currency gains realized due to the appreciation of the chinese renminbi in our oilseed processing business in asia.
other income (expenses) - net was income of $62 million in 2017, compared to income of $24 million in 2016. results for the year ended 2017 included income earned in our financial services group, offset by a $13 million impairment of our palm oil affiliate in indonesia. results for the year ended 2016 included impairment and restructuring charges of $27 million on our palm oil affiliate in indonesia and intangible assets related to aquaculture and other patents.
segment ebit decreased by $619 million primarily driven by our grain origination business, which was impacted by weaker margins, primarily due to slow farmer selling, strong competition and logistics commitments in south america and weaker results in our soybean processing facilities in most regions. also, contributing to lower ebit were severance, employee benefit and other program costs related to our global competitiveness program ("gcp"), impairment charges, transaction costs related to the acquisition of two oilseed crushing facilities in western europe and the increase of general and administrative expenses for recent acquisitions.
edible oil products segment- edible oil products segment net sales increased by 17% in 2017 to $8.0 billion, compared to $6.9 billion in 2016, resulting primarily from an 11% increase in volumes, driven by our acquisitions of two edible oil production facilities in europe, the recent acquisition of an edible oil production facility in argentina and increased volumes in asia-pacific and brazil.
cost of goods sold in 2017 increased 17% compared to 2016, which is in line with the increase in net sales noted above, and primarily driven by the impact of the recent acquisitions in europe and argentina and increased volumes in asia-pacific and brazil compared to 2016. additionally, 2017 included $6 million of severance and employee benefit costs related to industrial productivity initiatives.
gross profit in 2017 increased to $499 million compared to $439 million in 2016. the increase was primarily driven by stronger margins in brazil and increases in volumes in europe from our recent acquisitions, offset in part by severance and other employee benefit costs and lower refining and packaging margins in the u.s.
sg&a expenses increased by 13% to $362 million in 2017 compared with $320 million in the same period a year ago. the increase includes severance and other employee benefit costs of $10 million related to our gcp and acquisition related costs of $9 million. additionally, there were increased general and administrative expenses associated with our recent acquisitions.
foreign currency results in 2017 were income of $3 million, compared to loss of $1 million in 2016 related to foreign currency gains on debt and derivative instruments and hedges.
other income (expenses) - net was expense of $6 million in 2017, compared to income of $7 million in 2016. included in other income (expenses) - net in 2016 is an $11 million gain recorded on the disposition of assets in europe.
segment ebit increased to $126 million in 2017, up from $112 million in 2016, primarily from higher margins and volumes in our brazil business and increased volumes due to acquisitions in argentina and europe, partially offset by severance and other employee benefit costs related to our gcp and industrial productivity initiatives and acquisition related costs of $9 million.
34
milling products segment- milling products segment net sales decreased 4% to $1.6 billion in 2017. higher volumes in the u.s. were primarily offset by weak macro-economic conditions and pressure from the record wheat crop in brazil compared to 2016.
cost of goods sold were $1.4 billion in 2017, aligned with 2016. cost of goods sold in 2017 was impacted by $4 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to industrial productivity initiatives and 2016 included a recovery of $14 million in brazilian import taxes paid in prior years.
gross profit decreased by 22% to $209 million in 2017, down from $269 million in 2016, primarily due to increased competition and competitive pricing in brazil that reduced margins as well as an unfavorable product mix in mexico.
sg&a expenses increased to $139 million in 2017 from $127 million, primarily due to the 9% appreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar compared to 2016 and employee severance and other employee benefit costs related to our gcp.
segment ebit decreased to $63 million in 2017 from $131 million in 2016 as a result of lower gross profit driven by continued weak economic conditions and lower demand for higher value wheat products in brazil and mexico and severance and other employee benefit costs related to our gcp and other industrial productivity initiatives. in addition, 2016 included a recovery of $14 million in brazilian import taxes paid in prior years.
sugar and bioenergy segment- sugar and bioenergy segment net sales increased to $4.1 billion in 2017 compared to $3.7 billion in the same period last year. the 9% increase in sales was primarily driven by higher sugar sales volumes in our trading and distribution business and a 9% appreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar which positively impacted domestic sales of sugar and ethanol in brazil when converted into u.s. dollar.
cost of goods sold increased 11% in 2017 compared to the same period 2016, primarily due to higher sales volumes and the appreciation of the brazilian real compared to the u.s. dollar. results for 2017 also included $21 million of severance and restructuring charges related to our industrial operations and $16 million of indirect tax credits.
gross profit decreased to $99 million in 2017 from the $159 million reported in 2016. higher sales volumes and $16 million related to indirect tax credits were more than offset by lower sugar and ethanol sales prices and $21 million in severance and restructuring charges.
sg&a expenses increased by 3% to $115 million in 2017 from $112 million in the comparable period 2016, primarily due to $4 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to our gcp and the appreciation of the brazilian real compared to the u.s. dollar foreign currency results in 2017 were $11 million compared to $9 million in the same period 2016. these results relate primarily to gains on foreign currency hedges.
other income (expenses) - net was expense of $3 million in 2017, compared to expense of $16 million in 2016 related to results in our joint venture for the production of renewable oils in brazil.
segment ebit decreased to a loss $12 million in 2017 from a loss of $4 million in 2016, as higher sugar sales volumes along with foreign currency gains and indirect tax credits were more than offset by lower sugar and ethanol sales prices, $22 million in severance and restructuring charges related to our industrial operations, and $4 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to our gcp.
fertilizer segment- fertilizer segment net sales increased to $406 million in 2017, compared to $403 million in 2016, primarily due to higher volumes in our brazil port operations compared to 2016.
cost of goods sold in 2017 were $381 million compared to $350 million in 2016. cost of goods sold in 2017 included $13 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to a production facility in argentina. in addition, 2016 included a reversal of a natural gas tariff reserve of $11 million due to an argentine supreme court decision.
gross profit decreased by $28 million to $25 million in 2017, from $53 million in the comparable period 2016. the decrease was primarily driven by lower margins in argentina from higher raw material costs and severance and other employee benefit costs.
segment ebit decreased by $26 million to $3 million in 2017 from $29 million in the same period a year ago, higher volumes in our brazil port operations were more than offset by lower margins in 2017 and $13 million of severance and other
35
employee benefit costs related to a production facility in argentina. in addition, 2016 included a reversal of a natural gas tariff reserve of $11 million due to an argentine supreme court decision.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense for the periods indicated follows:
year endeddecember 31,
(us$ in millions)   2017                  2016
interest income               $38                     $51
interest expense             (263     )              (234     )
interest income decreased by $13 million to $38 million in 2017 compared to $51 million in 2016, primarily related to lower average cash and cash equivalents balances. interest expense increased $29 million to $263 million in 2017 from $234 million in 2016, primarily due to higher average debt balances, higher variable interest rates, and an increase in the duration of our debt portfolio.
discontinued operations- income (loss) from discontinued operations (retail fertilizer business in brazil) in 2017 was nil compared to a loss of $9 million in 2016. recovery of bad debt provisions and interest received from customers in litigation offset ongoing administrative expenses and foreign currency losses.
2016 compared to 2015
net income attributable to bunge-for the year ended december 31, 2016, net income attributable to bunge of $745 million represents a decrease of $46 million from $791 million in 2015. this decline resulted primarily from a decrease in total segment ebit of $105 million and reduced income from discontinued operations of $44 million, partially offset by lower income tax expenses of $76 million, lower net interest expense of $24 million and higher interest income of $8 million. agribusiness segment ebit decreased by $233 million primarily due to lower gross profit driven by weaker results in our oilseed processing and grain origination businesses, trading and distribution activities and risk management contributions that were lower than the same period last year, partially offset by lower industrial and sg&a expenses. results in 2016 benefitted from $120 million of gains on the disposition of equity interests of port and transshipment operations in brazil and an oilseed crush facility in vietnam and 2015 results included a $47 million gain on the sale of grain assets in canada. the agribusiness segment ebit decline was partially offset by an increase in ebit across all other segments. edible oil products segment ebit improved $53 million primarily due to improved results in brazil and lower sg&a expense. milling products segment ebit improved $28 million primarily driven by increased gross profit in brazil from stronger demand for flour in the food service industry, the contribution to results from a wheat mill acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015 and a recovery of $14 million in brazilian wheat import taxes paid in prior years. sugar and bioenergy segment ebit improved $23 million primarily due to foreign currency gains, partly offset by restructuring and impairment charges. fertilizer segment ebit improved $24 million primarily due to increased gross profit because of higher fertilizer sales in argentina driven by higher fertilizer usage by farmers and the reversal of a gas tariff contingency from prior years totaling $11 million. income tax expense decreased $76 million due to the effect of reduced taxable income and a lower effective tax rate in 2016 primarily due to geographical earnings mix and the net positive impact of certain income tax benefits and charges. interest expense included the $26 million reversal of interest recorded in previous years in brazil and argentina. discontinued operations results declined $44 million primarily driven by the translation impact of a stronger brazilian real relative to the u.s. dollar in 2016.
income tax expense-in the year ended december 31, 2016, income tax expense was $220 million compared to $296 million in 2015. the effective tax rate in 2016 was 22% compared to 28% in 2015. the lower effective tax rate in 2016 was primarily due to the favorable impact of refund claims in north america and europe, along with favorable geographical earnings mix.
agribusiness segment-agribusiness segment net sales decreased 4% to $30.1 billion in 2016 compared to $31.3 billion in 2015, with volumes being essentially flat. volumes were lower in brazil driven by reduced farmer selling and a reduced corn crop due to drought. in asia-pacific, volumes were lower in our oilseed processing businesses driven by weaker margins and in our trading and distribution businesses. these decreases were partially offset by higher volumes in grain origination in north america and europe, which benefitted from larger crops and in argentina as a result of normalized commercialization following the elimination on grain export taxes and the devaluation of the argentine peso in december 2015.
cost of goods sold decreased by 3% to $28.6 billion in 2016, compared with $29.4 billion last year in line with the reductions in net sales noted above. in addition, lower industrial costs due to the relative weakening of most currencies to the
36
u.s. dollar and certain insurance recovery benefits contributed to lower cost of goods sold in the year ended december 31, 2016 when compared to the same period last year.
gross profit decreased 20% to $1,490 million, from $1,858 million in 2015, primarily driven by lower results in oilseed processing and grain origination and to a lesser extent in our trading and distribution businesses. in oilseeds, soy processing results in the united states, brazil and europe declined from a strong performance in 2015 due to lower crush margins. in grain origination, gross profit in brazil significantly declined from strong performances in the same period last year, primarily due to slower farmer selling and lower margins. in trading and distribution, results declined primarily due to lower contribution from our risk management activities.
sg&a expenses were $706 million in 2016 compared to $851 million in 2015. this reduction was primarily driven by a reduction in headcount, cost-cutting initiatives, lower bad debt expenses and the result of the conversion of local currency costs into u.s. dollars as a result of the weakening of most global currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, with exception of the brazilian real, which appreciated in 2016.
foreign currency results in 2016 were a loss of $7 million, compared to gains of $67 million in 2015. these results were related primarily to results on certain currency hedges and the movements in the brazilian real and argentine peso.
gains on the disposition of grain and oilseed assets were $120 million in 2016. the disposition of a 50% ownership interest in our terfron port and transshipment terminal in brazil to amaggi exportaçao e importaçao ltda. ("amaggi") resulted in a $92 million gain and $2 million related losses recorded in foreign currency results. additionally, the disposition of a 45% interest in our vietnam crush operations to wilmar international limited ("wilmar") resulted in a gain of $30 million. in 2015, a gain of $47 million was recorded on the sale of canadian grain assets to g3 canada limited (formerly the canadian wheat board).
other income (expense)-net was income of $24 million and expense of $3 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively. the improvement in other income (expense)-net was primarily due to improvements in the results of certain non-consolidated equity investments, mostly in our logistics joint venture in brazil.
impairment and restructuring charges of $27 million in 2016 included an impairment charge of $15 million for bri and $12 million for intangible assets related to aquaculture and other related patents.
noncontrolling interests represent (income) loss attributed to the noncontrolling interest holders in joint venture operations that are consolidated in our financial statements. noncontrolling interests generated income of $21 million in 2016 compared to income of $9 million in 2015. the increased 2016 income was primarily driven by our oilseed processing activities in asia-pacific and europe partially offset by the deconsolidation of a brazilian grain terminal, which reported income in 2015.
segment ebit decreased to $875 million in 2016 from $1,108 million in 2015, primarily driven by lower gross profit due to weaker crush margins that drove reduced soy processing results in the united states, brazil and spain, weaker softseed processing results in europe, lower grain origination results in brazil due to weaker farmer selling compared to a strong performance in 2015, and lower contributions from risk management. foreign currency results reduced segment ebit by $74 million. the decrease was partially offset by $120 million pre-tax gains on the disposition of equity interests in brazil and vietnam and lower sg&a expenses. in 2015, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $47 million on the sale of certain grain assets in canada.
edible oil products segment-edible oil products segment net sales were $6.9 billion in 2016 compared to $6.7 billion in 2015. these higher sales are primarily due to a volume increase of 2% resulting from a higher market share of packaged oil products in brazil, refined oils in canada and the additional net sales derived from our acquisition of a 62.8% equity stake in walter rau neusser in germany.
cost of goods sold increased 2% to $6.4 billion in 2016 from $6.3 billion in 2015. the higher costs were in line with the increase in net sales, as noted above. in 2015, cost of goods sold was negatively impacted by a $15 million impairment charge related to the closure of an edible oils packaging facility in the united states.
gross profit increased 9% to $439 million in 2016 from $404 million in 2015. the increase was primarily driven by higher market share for packaged oils products in brazil, stronger demand for refined oil in canada and improved volumes and margins in india, partially offset by weaker margins in our margarines business in europe. in addition, gross profit for 2015 was reduced by the $15 million impairment charge noted above.
sg&a expenses decreased to $320 million in 2016 from $328 million in 2015, primarily as a result of lower marketing expenses, savings from cost-cutting initiatives and the weakening of most currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, partly offset by the appreciation of the brazilian real in 2016.
37
goodwill and intangible impairments of $13 million in 2015 represent the full impairment of goodwill in our brazilian tomato products business.
segment ebit increased by $53 million to $112 million in 2016, compared to $59 million in 2015. gross profit improved due to increased market share in brazil packaged oils, improved results in refined oil in canada and india, and lower sg&a expenses. additionally, 2015 included impairment charges related to the goodwill of the brazil tomato products business and the closure of an edible oils packaging facility in the united states.
milling products segment-milling products segment net sales increased by 2% to $1,647 million in 2016 from $1,609 million in 2015, primarily from an 8% increase in volumes primarily as a result of our acquisition of the moinho pacifico wheat mill in brazil, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2015. in addition, sales increased in our rice and corn milling businesses in the united states, partially offset by volume decreases in mexico. the net volume increase was mostly offset by the weakening of the mexican peso by 18% against the u.s. dollar and lower selling prices of flour due to lower commodity prices in wheat, our primary raw material.
cost of goods sold increased slightly to $1,378 million in 2016 from $1,372 million in 2015, primarily driven by volume increase, partially offset by lower commodity prices in wheat, and net foreign currency effects on local currency industrial costs, lower energy prices in the united states and a recovery of $14 million in brazilian wheat import taxes paid in prior years.
gross profit improved by $32 million to $269 million in 2016 from $237 million in 2015, primarily from higher volumes and improved unit margins in wheat milling products in brazil, the incremental gross profit from the acquisition of the moinho pacifico wheat mill in brazil, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the recovery of $14 million in brazilian import taxes paid in prior years. these increases were partially offset by lower gross profit in mexico as volumes were lower in 2016 compared to 2015.
sg&a expenses increased to $127 million in 2016 from $123 million in 2015, mainly due to sg&a expenses related to the moinho pacifico wheat mill in brazil, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015. this increase was partially offset by the net translation benefit of the stronger brazilian real and weaker mexican peso on the translation of local currency expenses to u.s. dollars as well as benefits from our performance improvement initiatives to contain costs.
segment ebit increased to $131 million in 2016 from $103 million in 2015, primarily as a result of higher gross profit in brazil due to higher volumes and improved margins, results from the moinho pacifico wheat mill, acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015 and a recovery of $14 million in brazilian wheat import taxes paid in prior years.
sugar and bioenergy segment-sugar and bioenergy segment net sales increased 6% to $3.7 billion in 2016 compared to $3.5 billion in 2015, as a result of higher average market prices of raw sugar and ethanol of 39% and 24%, respectively. the impact on sales of these price increases was partially offset by a decrease in volumes in our industrial operations due to the adverse weather in brazil that reduced crushing volume and in our global trading and merchandising activities, where higher global sugar prices reduced demand. in addition, sales in our industrial operations in brazil were lower driven by our commercial decision to carry less inventories into 2016 than we did in the previous year.
cost of goods sold increased 7% to $3.6 billion in 2016 compared to $3.3 billion in 2015, in line with the sales increase noted above, primarily due to the increase in sugar and ethanol prices, partially offset by a decline in volumes.
gross profit was $159 million in 2016 compared to $164 million in 2015. in 2016, higher sugar and ethanol prices in brazil were partly offset by lower volumes, which drove per unit increases in sugar and ethanol industrial cost. gross profit in 2015 benefitted from the classification of currency hedge losses reported separately in foreign currency gains and losses.
sg&a expenses were $112 million in 2016, 3% higher compared to $109 million in 2015, driven by increases in local currency costs in brazil due to higher inflation, partially offset by lower personnel costs from cost-cutting initiative. in addition the appreciation of the brazilian real, relative to the u.s. dollar resulted in higher expense when converted into u.s. dollar.
foreign currency results in 2016 were gains of $9 million, compared to losses of $68 million in 2015. these results were related primarily to results on certain currency hedges.
equity investment impairment charges of $44 million in 2016 included an impairment charge of our equity investment in solazyme bunge renewable oils ("sb oils"), our joint venture that operates a commercial-scale algae oils facility adjacent to our moema sugarcane mill in brazil.
segment ebit improved by $23 million to a loss of $4 million in 2016, compared to a loss of $27 million in 2015 primarily due to improved results in our industrial operations and foreign currency gains on certain currency hedges partially offset by impairment of $44 million in sb oils.
38
fertilizer segment-fertilizer segment net sales increased 4% to $403 million in 2016 compared to $386 million in 2015, primarily due to an increase of 30% in volumes from higher nitrogen and phosphate fertilizer usage in argentina as a result of expanded corn and wheat planting areas. the impact of higher sales was substantially offset by a decrease in global nitrogen, phosphate and single superphosphate prices. in 2015 volumes were impacted by a strike in one of our plants.
cost of goods sold was $350 million in 2016, compared to $356 million in 2015 driven by lower industrial costs and lower costs from nitrogen, as we were required to import higher cost nitrogen last year due to the 2015 strike. this was partially offset by an increase in volumes in 2016. in addition, in 2016 we recorded a reversal of a natural gas tariff reserve of $11 million due to a recent argentine supreme court decision finding the tariff invalid. we also recorded a $9 million impairment charge in 2016 on long lived assets related to a fertilizer production line in one of our plants in argentina.
gross profit increased to $53 million in 2016 from $30 million in 2015. the increase was primarily driven by improved gross profit in argentina resulting from the increased usage of fertilizers by the argentine farmer from planting a larger crop area, improved fertilizer unit margins and lower product costs. gross profit in 2015 was impacted by a strike in one of our plants.
segment ebit improved by $24 million to $29 million in 2016 compared to $5 million in 2015, primarily due to improved gross profit driven by higher volumes and margins in argentina.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense for the periods indicated follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)   2016                  2015
interest income               $51                     $43
interest expense             (234     )              (258     )
interest income increased by $8 million to $51 million in 2016 compared to $43 million in 2015, primarily due to higher average cash and cash equivalent balances held in certain brazilian operating entities. interest expense decreased $24 million to $234 million in 2016 from $258 million in 2015, primarily due to the reversal of previously recorded interest expense of $16 million for certain icms tax credits in brazil that were recorded in 2014 and $10 million related to unpaid tariffs for natural gas in argentina, which were found invalid by an argentine supreme court ruling in 2016.
discontinued operations-discontinued operations results in 2016 were a loss of $9 million, net of tax, compared to income of $35 million, net of tax, in 2015. results declined in 2016 primarily due to cumulative translation adjustments, driven by the appreciation of the brazilian real relative to the u.s. dollar.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks, ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. we generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations, issuance of commercial paper, borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities, term loans and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. acquisitions and long-lived assets are generally financed with a combination of equity and long-term debt.
our current ratio, which is a widely used measure of liquidity and is defined as current assets divided by current liabilities, was 1.67 and 1.44 at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
cash and cash equivalents-cash and cash equivalents were $601 million at december 31, 2017 and $934 million at december 31, 2016. cash balances are managed in accordance with our investment policy, the objectives of which are to preserve the principal value of our cash assets, maintain a high degree of liquidity and deliver competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. cash balances are invested in short-term deposits with highly rated financial institutions and in u.s. government securities.
readily marketable inventories ("rmi")-rmi are agricultural commodity inventories, such as soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, wheat, and sugar that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. rmi in our agribusiness segment are reported at fair value and were $3,865 million at december 31, 2017 and $3,593 million at december 31, 2016. of these amounts $2,694 million and $2,523 million were attributable to merchandising activities at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. rmi at fair value in the aggregate amount of $115 million and $123 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively,
39
were included in our edible oil products segment inventories. the sugar and bioenergy segment included rmi of $76 million and $139 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. of these amounts, $73 million and $134 million were attributable to merchandising activities at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
financing arrangements and outstanding indebtedness-we conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company efficient access to debt and capital markets. this structure includes a master trust, the primary assets of which consist of intercompany loans made to bunge limited and its subsidiaries. certain of bunge limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v. and bunge asset funding corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by bunge limited.
revolving credit facilities-at december 31, 2017, we had $5,015 million of aggregate committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities, of which all was unused and available. the following table summarizes these facilities as of the periods presented:
total committedcapacity   borrowingsoutstanding commercial paper program and revolving credit facilities         maturities             december 31, 2017   december 31, 2017             december 31, 2016
commercial paper                                           2019                            $600             $-                            $-
long-term revolving credit facilities (1)                       2019 - 2022               4,415             -                             -
total                                                                                    $5,015             $-                            $-
(1)   borrowings under the revolving credit facilities that have maturities greater than one year from the date of the consolidated balance sheets are classified as long-term debt, consistent with the long-term maturity of the underlying facilities. however, individual borrowings under the revolving credit facilities are generally short-term in nature, bear interest at variable rates and can be repaid or renewed as each such individual borrowing matures.
on december 12, 2017, bunge entered into an amendment agreement to its unsecured $1,750 million amended and restated revolving credit facility, dated as of march 17, 2014 and amended as of august 10, 2015 (the "revolving credit facility"). the amendment agreement extends the maturity date of the revolving credit facility to december 12, 2020. the amendment agreement also lowers the range of margin applicable to bunge's borrowings under the revolving credit facility. borrowings under the revolving credit facility will bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 0.30% to 1.30% per annum, based on the credit ratings of bunge's senior long-term unsecured debt. amounts under the revolving credit facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly based on the average undrawn portion of the revolving credit facility at a rate of 35% of the margin specified above, based on the credit ratings of bunge's senior long-term unsecured debt. bunge also will pay a fee that will vary from 0.10% to 0.40% based on the utilization of the revolving credit facility. bunge may from time to time, with the consent of the facility agent, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments in an amount not to exceed $250 million pursuant to an accordion provision. bunge has the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the facility for two additional one-year periods. each lender in its sole discretion may agree to any such extension request. bunge had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2017 under the revolving credit facility.
on september 6, 2017, bunge entered into an amendment agreement to its unsecured $865 million amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of june 17, 2014 (the "credit agreement"). the amendment agreement extends the maturity date of the credit agreement to september 6, 2022. the amendment agreement also lowers the range of margin applicable to bunge's borrowings under the credit agreement. borrowings under the credit agreement will bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.75% per annum, based on the credit ratings of bunge's senior long-term unsecured debt. amounts under the credit agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly based on the average undrawn portion of the credit agreement at rates ranging from 0.125% to 0.275%, based on the credit ratings of bunge's senior long-term unsecured debt. bunge had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2017 under the credit agreement.
we had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2017 under our three-year unsecured bilateral revolving credit facilities (the "facilities") totaling $700 million, which are maturing at various dates in june and september, 2019. borrowings under these facilities bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 0.65% to 1.40% per annum based on the
40
credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. amounts under the facilities that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable at a rate ranging from 0.20% to 0.25%.
we had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2017 under our $1,100 million five-year unsecured syndicated revolving credit agreement (the ''revolving credit agreement'') with certain lenders party thereto, maturing november 20, 2019. borrowings under the revolving credit agreement bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.75% per annum based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt (''rating level''). amounts under the revolving credit agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee ranging from 0.10% to 0.25%, varying based on the rating level.
our commercial paper program is supported by committed back-up bank credit lines (the ''liquidity facility'') equal to the amount of the commercial paper program provided by lending institutions that are required to be rated at least a-1 by standard & poor's and p-1 by moody's investor services. the cost of borrowing under the liquidity facility would typically be higher than the cost of issuance under our commercial paper program. at december 31, 2017, no borrowings were outstanding under the commercial paper program and no borrowings outstanding under the liquidity facility. the liquidity facility is our only revolving credit facility that requires lenders to maintain minimum credit ratings.
in addition to committed credit facilities, from time to time, we, through our financing subsidiaries, enter into bilateral short-term credit lines as necessary based on our financing requirements. at december 31, 2017 there were no borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines.
short and long-term debt-our short and long-term debt increased by $215 million at december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016, primarily due to an increase in working capital requirements in the latter part of the year. for the year ended december 31, 2017, our average short and long-term debt outstanding was approximately $5,455 million compared to approximately $5,201 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to higher average working capital financing requirements, driven by higher average global commodity prices. our long-term debt outstanding balance was $4,175 million at december 31, 2017 compared to $4,007 million at december 31, 2016. the following table summarizes our short-term debt activity at december 31, 2017.
(us$ in millions)   outstandingbalance atdecember 31,2017               weightedaverageinterestrate at december 31,2017 (1)             highestbalanceoutstandingduring2017 (1)            averagebalanceduring2017 (1)          weightedaverageinterestrateduring2017 (1)
bank borrowings     $304                                                                   9.84   %                                                      $1,450                                        $880                                    4.09                      %
commercial paper    -                                                                         -                               595                                                 252                                                          1.28                      %
total               $304                                                                   9.84   %                                                      $2,045                                      $1,132                                    3.47                      %
(1)   includes $179 million of local currency borrowings in certain central and eastern european, south american, south african and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 15.03% as of december 31, 2017.
in connection with bunge entering into a definitive agreement to acquire a 70% ownership interest in ioi loders croklaan from ioi corporation berhad (the "loders acquisition"), on september 12, 2017, we entered into an unsecured $900 million term loan agreement. following the completion of the offering of senior notes described below, effective as of september 25, 2017, we terminated the loan agreement.  no funds had been drawn under the loan agreement as of the date of termination.
on september 25, 2017, we completed the sale and issuance of $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.00% unsecured senior notes due september 25, 2022 and $600 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% unsecured senior notes due september 25, 2027. the senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by bunge limited. the offering was made pursuant to a registration statement filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission. interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears in march and september of each year, commencing on march 25, 2018. the net proceeds of the offering were approximately $989 million after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses.  we intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund the purchase price for the loders acquisition. pending the closing of the loders acquisition, the net proceeds from the offering were used to repay outstanding indebtedness of bunge.
41
the following table summarizes our short and long-term debt:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                              2017                2016
short-term debt: (1)
short-term debt (2)                                                        $304                $257
current portion of long-term debt                                            15                 938
total short-term debt                                                       319               1,195
long-term debt:
term loan due 2019-three-month yen libor plus 0.75% (tranche a)             253                 243
term loan due 2019-fixed yen interest rate of 0.96% (tranche b)              53                  51
term loan due 2019-three-month libor plus 1.30% (tranche c)                  85                  85
5.90% senior notes due 2017                                                   -                 250
3.20% senior notes due 2017                                                   -                 600
8.50% senior notes due 2019                                                 599                 600
3.50% senior notes due 2020                                                 497                 497
3.00% senior notes due 2022                                                 396                   -
1.85% senior notes due 2023-euro                                            960                 843
3.25% senior notes due 2026                                                 694                 694
3.75% senior notes due 2027                                                 593                   -
other                                                                        45                 144
subtotal                                                                  4,175               4,007
less: current portion of long-term debt                                     (15   )            (938   )
total long-term debt (3)                                                  4,160               3,069
total debt                                                               $4,479              $4,264
(1)   includes secured debt of $5 million and $7 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
(2)   includes $179 million and $148 million of local currency borrowings in certain central and eastern european, south american, african and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 15.03% and 13.63% as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
(3)   includes secured debt of $24 million and $34 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
credit ratings-bunge's debt ratings and outlook by major credit rating agencies at december 31, 2017 were as follows:
short-termdebt(1)   long-termdebt   outlook standard &amp; poor's   a-1                 bbb             stable moody's                 p-1                 baa2            negative fitch                   f1                  bbb             negative
(1)   short-term rating applies only to bunge asset funding corp., the issuer under our commercial paper program.
our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate maturity of our debt. however, credit rating downgrades would increase our borrowing costs under our syndicated credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. a significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
our credit facilities and certain senior notes require us to comply with specified financial covenants, including minimum net worth, minimum current ratio, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio, and limitations on secured indebtedness. we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2017.
42
trade receivable securitization program-we initially entered into our trade receivable securitization program (the "program") in june 2011, which provides us with an additional source of liquidity. on may 26, 2016, bunge and certain of its subsidiaries renewed and amended its $700 million trade receivables securitization program, which terminates on may 26, 2021. however, each committed purchaser's commitment to fund trade receivables sold under the program will terminate on may 26, 2019 unless extended in accordance with the terms of the receivables transfer agreement.
at december 31, 2017 and 2016, $810 million and $628 million, respectively, of receivables sold under the program were derecognized from our consolidated balance sheets. proceeds received in cash related to transfers of receivables under the program totaled $9,734 million and $9,197 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. in addition, cash collections from customers on receivables previously sold were $9,659 million and $9,176 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. as this is a revolving facility, cash collections from customers are reinvested to fund new receivable sales. gross receivables sold under the program for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 were $10,022 million and $9,405 million, respectively. these sales resulted in discounts of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, which were included in sg&a in the consolidated statements of income. servicing fees under the program were not significant in any period.
our risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables is limited to the deferred purchase price receivable ("dpp"), which at december 31, 2017 and 2016 had a fair value of $107 million and $87 million, respectively, and is included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets (see note 18 to our consolidated financial statements). the dpp will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected, generally within 30 days. delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the program during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were insignificant. we have reflected all cash flows under the program as operating cash flows in the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
interest rate swap agreements-we may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates.
equity-total equity is set forth in the following table:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                  2017                2016
convertible perpetual preference shares                        $690                $690
common shares                                                     1                   1
additional paid-in capital                                    5,226               5,143
retained earnings                                             8,081               8,208
accumulated other comprehensive income                       (5,930   )          (5,978   )
treasury shares, at cost (2017 and 2016-12,882,313)            (920   )            (920   )
total bunge shareholders' equity                              7,148               7,144
noncontrolling interests                                        209                 199
total equity                                                 $7,357              $7,343
total bunge shareholders' equity increased to $7,148 million at december 31, 2017 from $7,144 million at december 31, 2016. net income attributable to bunge for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $160 million and cumulative translation gains of $187 million were offset mainly by dividends paid to common and preferred shareholders of $247 million and $34 million, respectively.
noncontrolling interest increased to $209 million at december 31, 2017 from $199 million at december 31, 2016 primarily due to income attributable to our noncontrolling interest entities and the effects of currency translation, partially offset by dividends paid to non-controlling interest holders.
at december 31, 2017, we had 6,899,700 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of $690 million. each convertible perpetual preference share has an initial liquidation preference of $100, which will be adjusted for any accumulated and unpaid dividends. the convertible perpetual preference shares carry an annual dividend of $4.875 per share payable quarterly. as a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on bunge limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds, each convertible perpetual preference share is convertible, at the holder's option, at any time into 1.1693 bunge limited common shares, based
43
on the conversion price of $85.5238 per share, subject to certain additional anti-dilution adjustments (which represents 8,067,819 bunge limited common shares at december 31, 2017). at any time, if the closing price of our common shares equals or exceeds 130% of the conversion price for 20 trading days during any consecutive 30 trading days (including the last trading day of such period), we may elect to cause the convertible perpetual preference shares to be automatically converted into bunge limited common shares at the then-prevailing conversion price. the convertible perpetual preference shares are not redeemable by us at any time.
cash flows our cash flow from operations varies depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to our inventories.
2017 compared to 2016-in 2017, our cash and cash equivalents decreased by $333 million, compared to an increase of $523 million in 2016.
cash provided by our operating activities was $1,006 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $1,904 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. net cash inflows from operating activities was lower for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to lower net income, including adjustments for non-cash items, and increased working capital needs compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. in addition, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the united states are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollars. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. local currency loans are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate at the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign currency gains or losses. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, we recorded foreign currency losses of $21 million and losses of $80 million, respectively, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign currency loss (gain) on debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required because the cash flow impacts of these gains or losses are non-cash items and will represent financing activities when the subsidiary repays the underlying debt and therefore, have no impact on cash flows from operations.
cash used for investing activities was $1,162 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $926 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. during 2017, payments made for capital expenditures of $662 million were primarily related to the upgrade and expansion of an export terminal in the u.s., replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business, the expansion of a crushing facility in brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in italy. in addition, we acquired two oilseed processing plants in the netherlands and france for $318 million, an edible oils business in argentina for $26 million and an olive oil and seed oil producer in turkey for $23 million, net of cash acquired. we had cash outflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $20 million in the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily driven by the appreciation of the brazilian real relative to the us dollar in 2017. proceeds from and payments for investments included primarily purchases and sales of short-term investments. during 2017, investments in affiliates included additional investments primarily in our g3, sb oils and tapajos joint ventures, as well as the acquisition of a non-controlling stake in agricola alvorada, a brazilian agribusiness company. during 2016, $784 million of capital expenditures were primarily related to replanting of sugarcane and maintenance and improvements for our industrial sugar business in brazil, upgrade and expansion of an export terminal in the united states, construction of a wheat milling facility in brazil, the expansion of a port facility in ukraine and the construction of oilseed processing plants in ukraine and asia-pacific. in addition, we acquired a controlling interest in walter rau neusser, a vegetable oil blends producer for large-scale commercial customers, based in germany, for $34 million. in the year ended december 31, 2016, we had cash outflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $375 million. proceeds from and payments for investments included primarily purchases and sales of certain marketable securities and other short term investments. investments in affiliates in 2016 included additional investments in sb oils and g3.
cash used for financing activities was $180 million in the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $488 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. dividends paid to our common shareholders, holders of our convertible preference shares and non-controlling interests were $297 million and $282 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. in connection with our common share repurchase program, in 2017, we did not repurchase common shares and in 2016, we purchased 3,296,230 of our common shares at a cost of $200 million.
44
2016 compared to 2015-in 2016, our cash and cash equivalents increased by $523 million. for the year ended december 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents increased by $49 million.
cash provided by our operating activities was $1,904 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $610 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. net cash inflows from operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, were principally due to net income, including adjustments for non-cash items, and a decrease in the use of cash for net operating assets and liabilities. in 2016, higher prices for sugar and the soybean complex, together with essentially flat volumes resulted in higher working capital needs, however this was more than offset by initiatives to reduce working capital and an appreciation of the brazilian real relative to the u.s. dollar, which mostly impacted trade accounts payable in our brazilian operations. in 2015, the increase in net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to increases in secured advances to farmers in south america, who were motivated to sell their record level crops as the brazilian real and argentine peso depreciated relative to the u.s. dollar. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, we recorded foreign currency losses of $80 million and gains of $213 million, respectively, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign currency loss (gain) on debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
cash used for investing activities was $926 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $802 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. during 2016, payments made for capital expenditures of $784 million, compared to $649 million during 2015, were primarily related to replanting of sugarcane and maintenance and improvements for our industrial sugar business in brazil, upgrade and expansion of an export terminal in the united states, construction of a wheat milling facility in brazil, the expansion of a port facility in ukraine and the construction of oilseed processing plants in ukraine and asia-pacific. in addition, we acquired, for $34 million, walter rau neusser, a vegetable oil blends producer for large-scale commercial customers, based in germany. in the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid $347 million for the acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired. in the year ended december 31, 2016, we had cash outflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $375 million, primarily driven by the appreciation of the brazilian real relative to the us dollar in 2016, compared to cash inflows of $203 million in the year ended december 31, 2015. proceeds from disposition of investment in affiliates included $145 million and $33 million for the disposition of equity interests of operations in brazil and vietnam, respectively. in addition, we sold 10% of our minority share in g3 global holdings gp inc. ("g3") for net proceeds of $37 million to our joint venture partner, saudi agricultural and livestock investment company (or salic). proceeds from and payments for investments for both years 2016 and 2015 included primarily purchases and sales of certain marketable securities and other short term investments. investments in affiliates in 2016 included additional investments in sb oils, our joint venture with terravia holdings inc. to produce renewable oils in brazil and g3.
cash used for financing activities was $488 million in the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to cash provided by financing activities of $360 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the cash used for financing activities is primarily reflecting lower working capital needs, partially offset by an increase of cash used for investing activities. dividends paid to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares were $257 million and $241 million, for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. in connection with our common share repurchase program, in 2016, we purchased 3,296,230 of our common shares at a cost of $200 million and in 2015, we purchased 3,871,810 of our common shares at a cost of $300 million. in the year ended december 31, 2016, we paid $25 million of dividends to non-controlling interest holders and $39 million for the acquisition of the non-controlling interest of a joint venture in europe.
brazilian farmer credit background-we advance collateralized funds to counter parties (farmers and crop resellers), primarily in brazil, to secure mostly soybean origination for our soybean processing facilities. these activities are generally intended to be short-term in nature. the ability of our counter parties (farmers and crop resellers) to repay these amounts is affected by agricultural economic conditions in the relevant geography, which are, in turn, affected by commodity prices, currency exchange rates, crop input costs and crop quality and yields. as a result, these arrangements are typically secured, including by a farmer's crop and, in many cases, land and other assets. in the event of counter party default, we generally initiate legal proceedings to recover the defaulted amounts. however, the legal recovery process through the judicial system is a long-term process, generally spanning a number of years. additionally, we may seek to renegotiate certain terms of our contract with the defaulting supplier in order to accelerate recovery of amounts owed.
because brazilian farmer credit exposures are denominated in local currency, reported values are impacted by movements in the value of the brazilian real when translated into u.s. dollars. from december 31, 2016 to december 31, 2017, the brazilian real depreciated by approximately 1.5%, decreasing the reported farmer credit exposure balances when translated into u.s. dollars.
we periodically evaluate the collectability of our farmer receivables and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. we base our determination of the allowance on analyses of credit quality of individual accounts,
45
considering also the economic and financial condition of the farming industry and other market conditions as well as the value of any collateral related to amounts owed. we continuously review defaulted farmer receivables for impairment on an individual account basis. we consider all accounts in legal collections processes to be defaulted and past due. for such accounts, we determine the allowance for uncollectible amounts based on the fair value of the associated collateral, net of estimated costs to sell. for all renegotiated accounts (current and past due), we consider changes in farm economic conditions and other market conditions, our historical experience related to renegotiated accounts and the fair value of collateral in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts.
secured advances to suppliers and prepaid commodity contracts-we purchase soybeans through prepaid commodity purchase contracts (advance cash payments to suppliers against contractual obligations to deliver specified quantities of soybeans in the future) and secured advances to suppliers (advances to suppliers against commitments to deliver soybeans in the future), primarily in brazil. these financing arrangements are typically secured by the farmer's future crop and mortgages on the farmer's land, buildings and equipment, and are generally settled after the farmer's crop is harvested and sold.
interest earned on secured advances to suppliers of $44 million, $38 million and $38 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is included in net sales in the consolidated statements of income.
the table below shows details of prepaid commodity contracts and secured advances to suppliers outstanding at our brazilian operations as of the dates indicated. see notes 6 and 12 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                          2017              2016
prepaid commodity contracts                                            $216              $189
secured advances to suppliers (current)                                 406               593
total (current)                                                         622               782
commodities not yet priced(1)                                           (46   )           (26   )
net                                                                     576               756
secured advances to suppliers (non-current)                             195               184
total (current and non-current)                                         771               940
allowance for uncollectible amounts (current and non-current)          $(65   )          $(53   )
(1)   commodities delivered by suppliers that are yet to be priced are reflected at prevailing market prices at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
capital expenditures our cash payments made for capital expenditures were $662 million, $784 million and $649 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. we intend to make capital expenditures of approximately $650 million in 2018. our priorities for 2018 capital expenditures are growth, maintenance, compliance and productivity projects first (where we expect to use approximately 80% of our funds allocated to capital expenditures), followed by projects related to sugar planting and associated maintenance. we intend to fund these capital expenditures primarily with cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees we have issued or were party to the following guarantees at december 31, 2017:
(us$ in millions)                                    maximum potentialfuture payments unconsolidated affiliates guarantee (1)(2)                          $215
residual value guarantee (3)                 269
total                                                               $484
46
(1)   we issued guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of certain of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the terms of the related financings which have maturity dates in 2017 through 2034. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. at december 31, 2017, we recorded no obligation related to these guarantees.
(2)   we issued guarantees to certain third parties related to performance of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the completion date of a port terminal which is expected to be completed in 2020. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. at december 31, 2017, we recorded no obligation related to these guarantees.
(3)   we issued guarantees to certain financial institutions which are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars and barges. these guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. these leases expire at various dates from 2019 through 2024. at december 31, 2017, our recorded obligation related to these guarantees was $2 million.
we have provided a guaranty to the director of the illinois department of agriculture as trustee for bunge north america, inc. ("bna"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by bna, to grain producers and/or depositors in the state of illinois who have delivered commodities to bna's illinois facilities.
in addition, we have provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into and senior notes issued by, our subsidiaries. at december 31, 2017, our consolidated balance sheet includes debt with a carrying amount of $4,249 million related to these guarantees. this debt includes the senior notes issued by three of our 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v. and bunge n.a. finance l.p. there are largely no restrictions on the ability of bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v. and bunge n.a. finance l.p. or any other bunge subsidiary to transfer funds to bunge limited.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at december 31, 2017, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.
payments due by period
(us$ in millions)                                      total                2018           2019 - 2020       2021 - 2022           2023 and thereafter short-term debt                                     $304                $304                  $-             $-                    $-
long-term debt(1)                                  4,225                  18               1,526                   422             2,259
variable interest rate obligations                    10                   5                   5             -                     -
interest obligations on fixed rate debt              706                 148                 212                   148                         198
non-cancelable lease obligations(2)                  874                 205                 392                   170                         107
capital commitments                                   38                  36                   2             -                     -
freight supply agreements(3)                         708                 230                 190                   169                         119
inventory purchase commitments                        20                  20                   -             -                     -
power supply purchase commitments                     96                  83                  13             -                     -
total contractual cash obligations(4)(5)          $6,981              $1,049              $2,340             $909                  $2,683
(1)   excludes components of long-term debt attributable to fair value hedge accounting of $31 million and deferred financing fees and unamortized premiums of $19 million.
(2)   represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more.
(3)   in the ordinary course of business, we enter into purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and freight service on railroad lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. in addition, we sell time on these ocean freight vessels when excess freight capacity is available. payments to be received by us under such re-let agreements are anticipated to be approximately $15 million in 2018. these agreements range from two months to approximately seven years in the case of ocean freight vessels and 5 to 9 years in the case of railroad services. actual amounts paid under these contracts may differ due to the variable components of these agreements and the amount of income earned by us on the sale of excess capacity. the railroad freight services agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used by us. the costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. however, changes in the market value of freight compared to the rates at which we have contracted for freight may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities.
47
(4)   does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. as of december 31, 2017, bunge had tax liabilities of $106 million, including interest and penalties. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table. see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)   does not include obligations for pension and postretirement benefits for which we expect to make employer contributions of $22 million in 2018. we also expect to make a significant contribution to our plans in future years.
in addition, we have entered into partnership agreements for the production of sugarcane. these agreements have an average remaining life of four years and cover approximately 225,000 hectares of land under cultivation. amounts owed under these agreements are dependent on several variables including the quantity of sugarcane produced per hectare, the total recoverable sugar ("atr") per ton of sugarcane produced and the price for each kilogram of atr as determined by consecana, the são paulo state sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, bunge made payments related to these agreements of $105 million, $89 million and $75 million, respectively, for advances on future production. $69 million, $64 million and $50 million were included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
employee benefit plans we expect to contribute $15 million to our defined benefit pension plans and $7 million to our postretirement healthcare benefit plans in 2018.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. the company believes that the following discussion addresses the company's most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
allowances for uncollectible accounts accounts receivable and secured advances to suppliers are stated at the historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. we establish an allowance for uncollectible trade accounts receivable and secured advances to farmers based on historical experience, farming, economic and other market conditions as well as specific identified customer collection issues. uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely.
we follow the accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. based upon an analysis of credit losses and risk factors to be considered in determining the allowance for credit losses, we have determined that the long-term receivables from farmers in brazil are a single portfolio segment.
we evaluate this single portfolio segment by class of receivables, which is defined as a level of information (below a portfolio segment) in which the receivables have the same initial measurement attribute and a similar method for assessing and monitoring risk. we have identified accounts in legal collection processes and renegotiated amounts as classes of long-term receivables from farmers. valuation allowances for accounts in legal collection processes are determined by us on individual accounts based on the fair value of the collateral provided as security for the secured advance or credit sale. the fair value is determined using a combination of internal and external resources, including published information concerning brazilian land values by region. for determination of the valuation allowances for renegotiated amounts, we consider historical experience with the individual farmers, current weather and crop conditions, as well as the fair value of non-crop collateral.
for both classes, a long-term receivable from farmers in brazil is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it to be probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. recognition of interest income on secured advances to farmers is suspended once the farmer defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. no additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, where amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income.
48
inventories and derivatives we use derivative instruments for the purpose of managing the exposures associated with agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and energy costs and for positioning our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements in accordance with established policies and procedures. we are exposed to loss in the event of non-performance by counterparties to certain of these contracts. the risk of non-performance is routinely monitored and adjustments recorded, if necessary, to account for potential non-performance. different assumptions, changes in economic circumstances or the deterioration of the financial condition of the counterparties to these derivative instruments could result in additional fair value adjustments and changes in expense reflected in cost of goods sold, foreign currency or interest expense. we did not have significant valuation adjustments relating to non-performance by counterparties at december 31, 2017 or 2016.
our rmi, forward purchase and sale contracts on rmi, and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. rmi are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. we estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets. changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of cost of goods sold. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and cost of goods sold could differ. additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts and cost of goods sold could differ.
recoverable taxes we evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of fixed assets, raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in brazil. management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. the balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payment by the applicable government agencies and compensation of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the allowance for recoverable taxes was $39 million and $35 million, respectively. we continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.
property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of property, plant and equipment assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets. if it appears that the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss as a charge against results of operations. our judgments related to the expected useful lives of property, plant and equipment assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. as we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of our property, plant and equipment assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. we recorded impairment charges of $25 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily related to the impairment of feedmills in china, a port in poland and various machinery and equipment in brazil.
contingencies we are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in brazil and non-income tax claims in argentina, and have accrued our estimates of the probable costs to resolve these claims. these estimates have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. for more information on tax and labor claims in brazil, see "item 3. legal proceedings."
income taxes
49
we record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. we consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the size of the valuation allowances. if we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense.
we apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. accordingly we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. the calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $106 million and $130 million, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. for additional information on income taxes, please refer to note 14 of the consolidated financial statements.
as a result of the recent u.s. tax reform legislation, we recorded provisional income tax expense associated with the deemed repatriation of earnings in our canadian and mexican subsidiaries. we are awaiting further guidance from the u.s. tax authorities on aspects of calculating the appropriate expense. in addition, we are evaluating the potential future impacts of the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provision before making an election on accounting for potential temporary differences. as we finalize the computations later in 2018 and await future guidance from the taxing authorities, there could be a material adjustment in the accrued tax liability.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1-nature of business, basis of presentation, and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k.
