item 1a.  risk factors many factors could have an effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. we are subject to various risks resulting from changing economic, environmental, political, industry, business, financial and regulatory conditions. the factors described below represent our principal risks.
risks related to our business we are exposed to general economic, political and regulatory conditions and risks in the countries in which we have operations and customers.
we operate globally and have customers in many countries. our major facilities are primarily located in north america, europe and asia, and we hold interests in affiliates that operate in the united states ("us"), germany, china, japan, malaysia, south korea and saudi arabia. our principal customers are similarly global in scope and the prices of our most significant products are typically regional or world market prices. consequently, our business and financial results are affected, directly and indirectly, by world economic conditions, including instability in credit markets, declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices and interest rates, volatile exchange rates and other challenges such as the changing regulatory environment.
our operations are also subject to global political conditions. for example, any future withdrawal or renegotiation of trade agreements or the more aggressive prosecution of trade disputes with countries like china, may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and execute our growth strategy. in addition, it may be more difficult for us to enforce agreements, collect receivables, receive dividends and repatriate earnings through foreign legal systems. in certain foreign jurisdictions our operations are subject to nationalization and expropriation risk and some of our contractual relationships within these jurisdictions are subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. furthermore, in certain cases where we benefit from local government subsidies or other undertakings, such benefits are subject to the solvency of local government entities and are subject to termination without meaningful recourse or remedies.
we have invested significant resources in china and other asian countries. this region's growth may slow, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits associated with our investment there and, consequently, our financial results may be adversely impacted.
in addition, we have significant operations and financial relationships based in europe. historically sales originating in europe have accounted for over one-third of our net sales. for example, in 2017, sales originating in europe accounted for approximately 40% of our net sales. adverse conditions in the european economy related to the united kingdom's exit from the european union ("eu") membership or otherwise may negatively impact our overall financial results due to reduced economic growth and resulting in decreased end-use customer demand.
we are subject to risks associated with the increased volatility in the prices and availability of key raw materials and energy, which could have a significant adverse effect on the margins of our products and our financial results.
we purchase significant amounts of ethylene, methanol, carbon monoxide and natural gas from third parties primarily for use in our production of basic chemicals in the acetyl intermediates segment, principally acetic acid, vinyl acetate monomer ("vam") and formaldehyde. we use a portion of our output of these chemicals, in turn, as inputs in the production of downstream products in all of our business segments. we also purchase some of these raw materials for use in our industrial specialties segment, primarily for vinyl acetate ethylene emulsions and ethylene vinyl acetate production, as well as significant amounts of wood pulp for use in our production of cellulose derivatives in our consumer specialties segment. the price of many of these items is dependent on the available supply of that item and may increase significantly as a result of uncertainties associated with war, terrorist activities, civil unrest, epidemics, pandemics, weather, natural disasters, the effects of climate change or political instability, plant or production disruptions, strikes or other labor unrest, breakdown or degradation of transportation infrastructure used in the delivery of strategic raw materials and energy commodities, or changes in laws or regulations in any of the countries in which we have significant suppliers. in particular, to the extent of our vertical integration in the production of chemicals, shortages in the availability of raw material chemicals, such as natural gas, ethylene and methanol, or the loss of our dedicated supplies of carbon monoxide, may have an increased adverse impact on us as it can cause a shortage in intermediate and finished products. such shortages would adversely impact our ability to produce certain products and increase our costs resulting in reduced margins and adverse financial results.
we are exposed to volatility in the prices of our raw materials and energy. although we have long-term supply agreements, multi-year purchasing and sales agreements and forward purchase contracts providing for the supply of ethylene, methanol,
18
carbon monoxide, wood pulp, natural gas and electricity, the contractual prices for these raw materials and energy can vary with economic conditions and may be highly volatile. in addition to the factors noted above that may impact supply or price, factors that have caused volatility in our raw material prices in the past and which may do so in the future include:
•   shortages of raw materials due to increasing demand, e.g., from growing uses or new uses;
•   capacity constraints, e.g., due to construction delays, labor disruption, involuntary shutdowns or turnarounds;
•   the inability of a supplier to meet our delivery orders or a supplier's choice not to fulfill orders or to terminate a supply contract or our inability to obtain or renew supply contracts on favorable terms;
•   the general level of business and economic activity; and
•   the direct or indirect effect of governmental regulation (including the impact of government regulation relating to climate change).
if we are not able to fully offset the effects of higher energy and raw material costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs, or if such commodities become unavailable, it could have a significant adverse effect on our ability to timely and profitably manufacture and deliver our products resulting in reduced margins and adverse financial results.
we have a practice of maintaining, when available, multiple sources of supply for raw materials and services. however, some of our individual plants may have single sources of supply for some of their raw materials, such as carbon monoxide, steam and ethylene, or services. although we have been able to obtain sufficient supplies of raw materials and services, there can be no assurance that unforeseen developments will not affect our ability to source raw materials or services in the future. even if we have multiple sources of supply for a raw material or a service, there can be no assurance that these sources can make up for the loss of a major supplier. furthermore, if any sole source or major supplier were unable or unwilling to deliver a raw material or a service for an extended period of time, we may not be able to find an acceptable alternative or any such alternative could result in increased costs. it is also possible profitability will be adversely affected if we are required to qualify additional sources of supply for a raw material or a service to our specifications in the event of the loss of a sole source or major supplier.
a portion of our supply of methanol in north america is currently obtained from our joint venture, fairway methanol llc ("fairway"), with mitsui & co., ltd., of tokyo, japan, in which we own a 50% interest, for the production of methanol at our integrated chemical plant in clear lake, texas.
production at our manufacturing facilities, or at our suppliers', could be disrupted for a variety of reasons, which could prevent us from producing enough of our products to maintain our sales and satisfy our customers' demands.
a disruption in production at one or more of our manufacturing facilities, or our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. disruptions could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, unplanned maintenance or other manufacturing problems, disease, strikes or other labor unrest, transportation interruption, government regulation, political unrest or terrorism. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. if one of our key manufacturing facilities is unable to produce our products for an extended period of time, our sales may be reduced by the shortfall caused by the disruption and we may not be able to meet our customers' needs, which could cause them to seek other suppliers. in particular, production disruptions at our manufacturing facilities that produce chemicals used as inputs in the production of chemicals in other business segments, such as acetic acid, vam and formaldehyde, could have a more significant adverse effect on our business and financial performance and results of operations to the extent of such vertical integration. furthermore, to the extent a production disruption occurs at a manufacturing facility that has been operating at or near full capacity, the resulting shortage of our product could be particularly harmful because production at such manufacturing facility may not be able to reach levels achieved prior to the disruption.
failure to develop new products and production technologies or to implement productivity and cost reduction initiatives successfully, may harm our competitive position.
our operating results depend significantly on the development of commercially viable new products, product grades and applications, as well as process technologies, free of any legal restrictions. if we are unsuccessful in developing new products, applications and production processes in the future, including failing to leverage our opportunity pipeline in our advanced engineered materials segment, our competitive position and operating results may be negatively affected. however, as we invest in new technology, we face the risk of unanticipated operational or commercialization difficulties, including an inability
19
to obtain necessary permits or governmental approvals, the development of competing technologies, failure of facilities or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations, construction delays, cost over-runs, the unavailability of financing, required materials or equipment and various other factors. likewise, we have undertaken and are continuing to undertake initiatives in all of our business segments to improve productivity and performance and to generate cost savings. these initiatives may not be completed or beneficial or the estimated cost savings from such activities may not be realized.
our business exposes us to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely affect our financial condition and performance.
the development, manufacture and sale of specialty chemical products by us, including products produced for the food and beverage, cigarette, automobile, construction, aerospace, medical device and pharmaceutical industries, involves a risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. a product liability claim or judgment against us could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect consumer or customer confidence in our products, and divert management's attention from other responsibilities. although we maintain product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that this type or the level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. a product recall or a partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. although we have standard contracting policies and controls, we may not always be able to contractually limit our exposure to third party claims should our failure to perform result in downstream supply disruptions or product recalls.
we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.
our products provide important performance attributes to our customers' products. if one of our products fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications, a customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as guaranteed. a successful claim or series of claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more key customers.
our future success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and our rights to use our intellectual property. our inability to protect and enforce these rights could reduce our ability to maintain our industry position and our profit margins.
we rely on our patents, trademarks, copyrights, know-how and trade secrets and patents and other technology licensed from third parties to protect our investment in research and development and our competitive commercial positions in manufacturing and marketing our products. we have adopted internal policies for protecting our know-how and trade secrets. in addition, our practice is to seek patent or trade secret protection for significant developments that provide us competitive advantages and freedom to practice for our businesses. patents may cover catalysts, processes, products, intermediate products and product uses. these patents are usually filed in strategic countries throughout the world and provide varying periods and scopes of protection based on the filing date and the type of patent application. the legal life and scope of protection provided by a patent may vary among those countries in which we seek protection. as patents expire, the catalysts, processes, products, intermediate products and product uses described and claimed in those patents generally may become available for use by the public subject to our continued protection for associated know-how and trade secrets. we also monitor intellectual property of others, especially patents that could impact our rights to commercially implement research and development, our rights to manufacture and market our products, and our rights to use know-how and trade secrets. we will not intentionally infringe upon the valid intellectual property rights of others, and we will continue to assess and take actions as necessary to protect our positions. we also seek to register trademarks as a means of protecting the brand names of our products, which brand names become more important once the corresponding product or process patents have expired. we operate in regions of the world where intellectual property protection may be limited and difficult to enforce and our continued growth strategy may result in us seeking intellectual property protection in additional regions with similar challenges. we also monitor the trademarks of others and take action when our trademark rights are being infringed upon. if we are not successful in protecting or maintaining our patent, license, trademark or other intellectual property rights, or protecting our rights to commercially make, market and sell our products, our net sales, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
20
our business is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our suppliers, customers and business partners and the industries in which our suppliers, customers and business partners participate are cyclical in nature, both of which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our business is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our key suppliers, customers and business partners and reductions in demand for our customers' products. these risks include the interruption of production at the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, delays in or interruptions of the supply of raw materials we purchase and bankruptcy of customers, suppliers or other creditors. furthermore, some of the industries in which our end-use customers participate, such as the automotive, electrical, construction and textile industries, are highly competitive, to a large extent driven by end-use applications, and may experience overcapacity, all of which may affect demand for and the pricing of our products. in addition, many of these industries are cyclical in nature, thus posing risks to us that vary throughout the year. the occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition.
failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations and/or changes in applicable laws or regulations may adversely affect our business and financial results as a whole.
we are subject to extensive international, national, state, local and other laws and regulations. failure to comply with these laws, including antitrust and anticorruption laws, rules, regulations or court decisions, could expose us to fines, penalties and other costs. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, rules, regulations and court decisions, there can be no assurance that our employees and business partners and other third parties acting on our behalf will comply with these laws, rules, regulations and court decisions, which could result in fines, penalties and costs and damage to our business reputation.
moreover, changes in laws or regulations, including the more aggressive enforcement of such laws and regulations, such as unexpected changes in regulatory requirements (including import or export licensing requirements), or changes in reporting requirements of the us, canadian, mexican, german, eu or asian governmental agencies, could increase the cost of doing business in these regions. any of these conditions, including the failure to obtain or maintain operating permits for our business, may have an effect on our business and financial results as a whole and may result in volatile current and future prices for our securities, including our stock.
environmental regulations and other obligations relating to environmental matters could subject us to liability for fines, clean-ups and other damages, require us to incur significant costs to modify our operations and increase our manufacturing and delivery costs.
costs related to our compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and potential obligations with respect to sites currently or formerly owned or operated by us, may have a significant negative impact on our operating results. we also have obligations related to the indemnity agreement contained in the demerger and transfer agreement between celanese gmbh and hoechst ag for environmental matters arising out of certain divestitures that took place prior to the demerger.
our operations are subject to extensive international, national, state, local and other laws and regulations that govern environmental and health and safety matters. we incur substantial capital and other costs to comply with these requirements. if we violate any one of those laws or regulations, we can be held liable for substantial fines and other sanctions, including limitations on our operations as a result of changes to or revocations of environmental permits involved. stricter environmental, safety and health laws and regulations could result in substantial costs and liabilities to us or limitations on our operations. consequently, compliance with these laws and regulations may negatively affect our earnings and cash flows in a particular reporting period. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources for further information.
changes in environmental, health and safety regulations in the jurisdictions where we manufacture or sell our products could lead to a decrease in demand for our products.
new or revised governmental regulations and independent studies relating to the effect of our products on health, safety or the environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. in addition, products we produce, including vam, formaldehyde and plastics derived from formaldehyde, may be classified in a manner that would adversely affect demand for such products. for example, the international agency for research on cancer ("iarc"), a private research agency, classified formaldehyde as carcinogenic to humans (group 1) based on studies linking formaldehyde exposure to nasopharyngeal cancer, a rare cancer in humans. in addition, several studies have investigated possible links between formaldehyde exposure and various end points, including leukemia. in october 2009, iarc concluded that there is sufficient
21
evidence of a causal association between formaldehyde and the development of leukemia. in 2011, the national toxicology program ("ntp") released the 12th report on carcinogens, which changed the classification of formaldehyde from "reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen" to "known to be a human carcinogen". similar to the iarc modification in 2009, the ntp report also implicates formaldehyde as a leukemogen. we anticipate that the results of the iarc's and the ntp's reviews will be examined and considered by government agencies with responsibility for setting worker and environmental exposure standards and labeling requirements.
other pending initiatives potentially will require toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. these initiatives include the voluntary children's chemical evaluation program, high production volume chemical initiative and expected modifications to the toxic substances control act in the us, as well as various european commission programs, such as the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals, and new initiatives in asia and other regions. these assessments may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals involved and additional requirements being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of the subject chemicals. such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. such a decrease in demand would likely have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
our production facilities, including facilities we own and/or operate and operations at our facilities owned and/or operated by third parties, handle the processing of some volatile and hazardous materials that subject us to operating and other risks that could have a negative effect on our operating results.
although we take precautions to enhance the safety of, and minimize the disruption to, our operations and operations at our facilities owned and/or operated by third parties, we are subject to operating and other risks associated with chemical manufacturing, including the storage and transportation of raw materials, finished products and waste. these risks include, among other things, pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures, explosions and fires and discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances. in addition, we may have limited control over operations at our facilities owned and/or operated by third parties or such operations may not be fully integrated into our safety programs.
these operating and other risks can cause personal injury, property damage, third-party damages and environmental contamination, and may result in the shutdown of affected facilities and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. the occurrence of any of these events may disrupt production and have a negative effect on the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, our operating results and cash flows.
us federal regulations aimed at increasing security at certain chemical production plants and similar legislation that may be proposed in the future, if passed into law, may increase our operating costs and cause an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the chemical facility anti-terrorism standards program ("cfats program"), which is administered by the department of homeland security ("dhs"), identifies and regulates chemical facilities to ensure that they have security measures in place to reduce the risks associated with potential terrorist attacks on chemical plants located in the us. in december 2014, the protecting and securing chemical facilities from terrorist attacks act of 2014 ("cfats act") was enacted. the cfats act reauthorizes the cfats program for four years. dhs has released an interim final rule under the cfats program that imposes comprehensive federal security regulations for high-risk chemical facilities in possession of specified quantities of chemicals of interest. this rule establishes risk-based performance standards for the security of our nation's chemical facilities. it requires covered chemical facilities to prepare security vulnerability assessments, which identify facility security vulnerabilities, and to develop and implement site security plans, which include measures that satisfy the identified risk-based performance standards. we cannot determine with certainty the costs associated with any security measures that dhs may require.
we are subject to risks associated with possible climate change legislation, regulation and international accords.
greenhouse gas emissions have become the subject of a large amount of international, national, regional, state and local attention. for example, the environmental protection agency has promulgated rules concerning greenhouse gas emissions and cap and trade initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions have been introduced in the eu. in addition, regulation of greenhouse gas also could occur pursuant to future treaty obligations, statutory or regulatory changes or new climate change legislation. as such, future environmental legislative and regulatory developments related to climate change are possible, which could materially increase operating costs in the chemical industry and thereby increase our manufacturing and delivery costs.
22
our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings.
we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings, lawsuits, claims and investigations in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. the outcome of existing proceedings, lawsuits, claims and investigations may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of such proceedings, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or permit us to make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition in any particular period. see note 16 - environmental and note 24 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
changes in, or the interpretation of, tax legislation or rates throughout the world could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rate and related tax balance sheet attributes could be impacted by changes in tax legislation throughout the world. the overall tax environment has made it increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions. for example, the european commission has been conducting investigations focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provide preferential tax treatment that violates eu state aid rules. in addition, the organization of economic cooperation and development, which represents a coalition of member countries, is supporting changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits among affiliated entities located in different tax jurisdictions. furthermore, a number of countries where we do business, including the us and many countries in the eu, are considering changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to multinational corporations. the increasingly complex global tax environment could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") was enacted and is effective january 1, 2018. accounting standards codification 740, accounting for income taxes, requires companies to recognize the effects of tax law changes in the period of enactment. this overhaul of the us tax law made a number of substantial changes, including the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, establishing a dividends received deduction for dividends paid by foreign subsidiaries to the us, elimination or limitation of certain deductions (interest, domestic production activities and executive compensation), imposing a mandatory tax on previously unrepatriated earnings accumulated offshore since 1986 and establishing global minimum income tax and base erosion tax provisions related to offshore activities and affiliated party payments. due to the timing of the new tax law and the substantial changes it brings, the staff of the securities and exchange commission (the "sec") issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118"), which provides registrants a measurement period to report the impact of the new us tax law. as a result, the recorded and estimated impacts of tcja may change in future periods. see note 19 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, expirations of tax holidays or rulings, changes in the assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. we are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. examinations in material jurisdictions or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations by local taxing authorities could result in impacts to tax years open under statute or to foreign operating structures currently in place. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. it is possible the outcomes from these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
our significant non-us operations expose us to global exchange rate fluctuations that could adversely impact our profitability.
we conduct a significant portion of our operations outside the us. consequently, fluctuations in currencies of other countries, especially the euro, may materially affect our operating results. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in us dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into us dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period or the exchange rate at the end of that period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the us dollar against other major currencies will affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the cost of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. foreign exchange rates can also impact the competitiveness of products produced in certain jurisdictions and exported for sale into other jurisdictions. these changes may impact the value received for the sale of our goods versus those of our competitors.
23
in addition to currency translation risks, we incur a currency transaction risk whenever one of our operating subsidiaries enters into a purchase or sales transaction using a currency different from the operating subsidiary's functional currency. given the volatility of exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the us dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, we may not be able to manage our currency transaction and translation risks effectively.
we use financial instruments to hedge certain exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, but those hedges in most cases cover existing balance sheet exposures and not future transactional exposures. we cannot guarantee that our hedging strategies will be effective. in addition, the use of financial instruments creates counterparty settlement risk. failure to effectively manage these risks could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to information technology security threats that could materially affect our business.
we have been and will continue to be subject to advanced persistent information technology security threats. while some unauthorized access to our information technology systems occurs, we believe to date these threats have not had a material impact on our business. we seek to detect and investigate these security incidents and to prevent their recurrence but in some cases we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. the theft, mis-use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information or the compromising of our systems or networks could harm our competitive position, cause operational disruption, reduce the value of our investment in research and development of new products and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. to the extent that any security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our employees', customers' or vendors' confidential information, we may incur liability as a result. although we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including monitoring of our systems and networks, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products and services remain potentially vulnerable to increasingly sophisticated advanced persistent threats that may have a material effect on our business. in addition, the devotion of additional resources to the security of our information technology systems in the future could significantly increase the cost of doing business or otherwise adversely impact our financial results.
our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees and the identification and development of talent to succeed senior management.
we rely heavily on our management team. accordingly, our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. the inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. in addition, because of our reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. the retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategies.
significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may have a material effect on the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans and our pension cost.
the cost of our pension plans is incurred over long periods of time and involves many uncertainties during those periods of time. our funding policy for pension plans is to accumulate plan assets that, over the long run, will approximate the present value of projected benefit obligations. our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations, the level and value of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets will likely result in corresponding increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets and a change in the discount rate or mortality assumptions, which will likely result in an increase or decrease in the valuation of pension obligations. the combined impact of these changes will affect the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. in recent years, an extended duration strategy in the asset portfolio has been implemented in some plans to reduce the influence of liability volatility due to changes in interest rates. if the funded status of a pension plan declines, we may be required to make unscheduled contributions in addition to those contributions for which we have already planned.
some of our employees are unionized, represented by workers councils or are subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the us.
as of december 31, 2017, we had 7,592 employees globally. approximately 16% of our 2,608 us-based employees are unionized. in addition, a large number of our employees are employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other employment rights than the laws of the us. such employment rights require us to work collaboratively with the legal representatives of the employees to effect any changes to labor agreements. most of our employees in europe are represented by workers councils and/or unions that must approve any changes in terms and conditions of employment,
24
including potentially salaries and benefits. they may also impede efforts to restructure our workforce. although we believe we have a good working relationship with our employees and their legal representatives, a strike, work stoppage, or slowdown by our employees could occur, resulting in a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as any stockholders' rights plan, may discourage a takeover attempt.
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders. provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements, which could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. for example, our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of unissued series of preferred stock, without any vote or action by our stockholders. thus, our board of directors can authorize and issue shares of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our series a common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ("common stock"). these rights may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control of our company. in addition, a change of control of our company may be delayed or deterred as a result of any stockholders' rights plan that our board of directors may adopt. these provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.
we may incur significant charges in the event we close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility.
we periodically assess our manufacturing operations in order to manufacture and distribute our products in the most efficient manner. based on our assessments, we may make capital improvements to modernize certain units, move manufacturing or distribution capabilities from one plant or facility to another plant or facility, discontinue manufacturing or distributing certain products or close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility. we also have shared services agreements at several of our plants and if such agreements are terminated or revised, we would assess and potentially adjust our manufacturing operations. the closure or divestiture of all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility could result in future charges that could be significant. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
we may not be able to complete future acquisitions or joint venture transactions or successfully integrate them into our business, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations.
as part of our growth strategy, we intend to pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities. successful accomplishment of this objective may be limited by the availability and suitability of acquisition candidates, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals necessary to consummate a planned transaction, and by our financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. acquisitions and joint venture transactions involve numerous risks, including difficulty determining appropriate valuation, integrating operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired lines or businesses, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business matters. in addition, we may be unable to achieve anticipated benefits from these transactions in the time frame that we anticipate, or at all, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations.
in addition, if in connection with the tow joint venture we are unable to receive third-party financing on the terms previously contemplated and committed, we may not achieve all of the benefits planned for the joint venture transaction.
the insurance coverage that we maintain may not fully cover all operational risks.
we maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance but such insurance may not cover all of the risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. we may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. in the future, the types of insurance we obtain and the level of coverage we maintain may be inadequate or we may be unable to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost.
differences in views with our joint venture participants may cause our joint ventures not to operate according to their business plans, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
we currently participate in a number of joint ventures and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. the nature of a joint venture requires us to work cooperatively with unaffiliated third parties. differences in views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or failure to agree on major decisions. if these differences cause the joint ventures to deviate from their business plans or to fail to achieve their desired operating performance, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
25
risks related to our indebtedness our level of indebtedness and other liabilities could diminish our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or the chemicals industry and prevent us from meeting obligations under our indebtedness.
see note 14 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our indebtedness. see note 13 - noncurrent other liabilities, note 15 - benefit obligations and note 16 - environmental in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our other obligations.
our level of indebtedness and other liabilities could have important consequences, including:
•   increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions, including exacerbating the impact of any adverse business effects that are determined to be material adverse events under our existing senior credit agreement (the "credit agreement") or our indentures (the "indentures") governing our €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.250% senior unsecured notes due 2019, $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior unsecured notes due 2021, $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior unsecured notes due 2022, €750 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.125% senior unsecured notes due 2023 and €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.250% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (collectively, the "senior notes");
•   requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness and amounts payable in connection with the satisfaction of our other liabilities, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities or pay dividends on our common stock;
•   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest;
•   exposing us to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates as certain of our borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;
•   limiting our ability to enter into certain commercial arrangements because of concerns of counterparty risks; and
•   limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less debt.
we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could increase the risks described above.
although covenants under the credit agreement and the indentures limit our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness we could incur in compliance with these restrictions could be significant. to the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the risks associated with our debt described above, including our possible inability to service our debt, including the senior notes, would increase.
our variable rate and euro denominated indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly and affect our operating results.
certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest or are euro denominated, which exposes us to interest rate risk and currency exchange rate risk, respectively. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk below and note 22 - derivative financial instruments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on the financial condition and operating performance of our subsidiaries, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain
26
financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. in the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may limit our ability to engage in certain transactions and may diminish our ability to make payments on our indebtedness or pay dividends.
the credit agreement, the indentures and the receivables purchase agreement (the "purchase agreement") governing our receivables securitization facility each contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. the credit agreement contains covenants including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to incur additional debt; incur liens securing debt; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; merge or consolidate with any other person; and sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the issuer's assets or the assets of its subsidiaries.
in addition, the indentures limit celanese us holdings llc ("celanese us") and certain of its subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur liens securing debt; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; merge or consolidate with any other person; and sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of celanese us's assets or the assets of its restricted subsidiaries.
the purchase agreement also contains covenants including, but not limited to, restrictions on ce receivables llc, a wholly-owned, "bankruptcy remote" special purpose subsidiary of the company, and certain other company subsidiaries' ability to incur indebtedness; grant liens on assets; merge, consolidate, or sell certain assets; prepay or modify certain indebtedness; and engage in other businesses.
such restrictions in our debt obligations could result in us having to obtain the consent of our lenders and holders of the senior notes in order to take certain actions. disruptions in credit markets may prevent us from obtaining or make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain such consents. our ability to expand our business or to address declines in our business may be limited if we are unable to obtain such consents.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, a default under the credit agreement could permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of our indebtedness under the credit agreement and to terminate any commitments to lend. if the lenders under the credit agreement accelerate the repayment of such indebtedness, we may not have sufficient liquidity to repay such amounts or our other indebtedness, including the senior notes. in such event, we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.
celanese and celanese us are holding companies and depend on subsidiaries to satisfy their obligations under the senior notes and the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the senior notes and the credit agreement by celanese.
as holding companies, celanese and celanese us conduct substantially all of their operations through their subsidiaries, which own substantially all of our consolidated assets. consequently, the principal source of cash to pay celanese and celanese us's obligations, including obligations under the senior notes and the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the credit agreement and the indentures by celanese, is the cash that our subsidiaries generate from their operations. we cannot assure that our subsidiaries will be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable celanese us and/or celanese to make payments in respect of their obligations. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, applicable country or state laws, regulatory limitations and terms of our debt instruments may limit our subsidiaries' ability to distribute cash to celanese us and celanese. while the credit agreement and the indentures limit the ability of our subsidiaries to put restrictions on paying dividends or making other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, which may have the effect of significantly restricting the applicability of those limits. in the event celanese us and/or celanese do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, celanese us and/or celanese may be unable to make required payments on the indebtedness under the credit agreement, the indentures, the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the credit agreement and the indentures by celanese, or our other indebtedness.
27
item 1a. risk factors of this annual report also contains a description of certain risk factors that you should consider which could significantly affect our financial results. in addition, the following factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors include, among other things:
•   changes in general economic, business, political and regulatory conditions in the countries or regions in which we operate;
•   the length and depth of product and industry business cycles particularly in the automotive, electrical, textiles, electronics and construction industries;
•   changes in the price and availability of raw materials, particularly changes in the demand for, supply of, and market prices of ethylene, methanol, natural gas, wood pulp and fuel oil and the prices for electricity and other energy sources;
•   the ability to pass increases in raw material prices on to customers or otherwise improve margins through price increases;
•   the ability to maintain plant utilization rates and to implement planned capacity additions, expansions and maintenance;
•   the ability to reduce or maintain current levels of production costs and to improve productivity by implementing technological improvements to existing plants;
•   increased price competition and the introduction of competing products by other companies;
•   the ability to identify desirable potential acquisition targets and to consummate acquisition or investment transactions, including obtaining regulatory approvals, consistent with our strategy;
•   market acceptance of our technology;
•   the ability to obtain governmental approvals and to construct facilities on terms and schedules acceptable to us;
36
•   changes in tax rates or legislation throughout the world including, but not limited to, adjustments, changes in estimates or interpretations that may impact recorded or future tax impacts associated with the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") enacted on december 22, 2017;
•   changes in the degree of intellectual property and other legal protection afforded to our products or technologies, or the theft of such intellectual property;
•   compliance and other costs and potential disruption or interruption of production or operations due to accidents, interruptions in sources of raw materials, cyber security incidents, terrorism or political unrest, or other unforeseen events or delays in construction or operation of facilities, including as a result of geopolitical conditions, the occurrence of acts of war or terrorist incidents or as a result of weather or natural disasters;
•   potential liability for remedial actions and increased costs under existing or future environmental regulations, including those relating to climate change;
•   potential liability resulting from pending or future claims or litigation, including investigations or enforcement actions, or from changes in the laws, regulations or policies of governments or other governmental activities, in the countries in which we operate;
•   changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates;
•   our level of indebtedness, which could diminish our ability to raise additional capital to fund operations or limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or the chemicals industry; and
•   various other factors, both referenced and not referenced in this annual report.
many of these factors are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond our control. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially from those described in this annual report as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, planned or projected. we neither intend nor assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
37
results of operations financial highlights year ended december 31,                                    year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                      2016           change                2016                  2015            change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
statement of operations data net sales                                                   6,140                 5,389               751              5,389                 5,674               (285     )
gross profit                                                1,515                 1,405               110              1,405                 1,318                 87
selling, general and administrative ("sg&amp;a") expenses    (456   )              (416   )           (40   )           (416   )              (506   )             90
other (charges) gains, net                                    (60   )               (11   )           (49   )            (11   )              (351   )            340
operating profit (loss)                                       901                   893                 8                893                   326                567
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates                   183                   155                28                155                   181                (26     )
interest expense                                             (122   )              (120   )            (2   )           (120   )              (119   )             (1     )
refinancing expense                                             -                    (6   )             6                 (6   )                 -                 (6     )
dividend income - cost investments                            108                   108                 -                108                   107                  1
earnings (loss) from continuing operations before tax       1,075                 1,030                45              1,030                   488                542
earnings (loss) from continuing operations                    862                   908               (46   )            908                   287                621
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                  (13   )                (2   )           (11   )             (2   )                (2   )              -
net earnings (loss)                                           849                   906               (57   )            906                   285                621
net earnings (loss) attributable to celanese corporation      843                   900               (57   )            900                   304                596
other data depreciation and amortization                                 305                   290                15                290                   357                (67     )
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales                7.4   %               7.7   %                              7.7   %               8.9   %
operating margin(1)                                          14.7   %              16.6   %                             16.6   %               5.7   %
other (charges) gains, net employee termination benefits                                  (4   )               (11   )             7                (11   )               (53   )             42
infraserv ownership change                                     (4   )                 -                (4   )              -                     -                  -
asset impairments                                               -                    (2   )             2                 (2   )              (126   )            124
other plant/office closures                                   (52   )                 -               (52   )              -                     -                  -
singapore contract termination                                  -                     -                 -                  -                  (174   )            174
commercial disputes                                             -                     2                (2   )              2                     2                  -
total other (charges) gains, net                              (60   )               (11   )           (49   )            (11   )              (351   )            340
_____________________________
(1)   defined as operating profit (loss) divided by net sales.
as of december 31,
2017                                                                                                                       2016
(in $ millions)
balance sheet data cash and cash equivalents                                                                         576                 638
short-term borrowings and current installments of long-term debt - third party and affiliates     326                 118
long-term debt, net of unamortized deferred financing costs                                     3,315               2,890
total debt                                                                                      3,641               3,008
38
factors affecting business segment net sales the percentage increase (decrease) in net sales attributable to each of the factors indicated for each of our business segments is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
volume         price       currency       other          total
(in percentages)
advanced engineered materials    46             (2    )   1                  -            45
consumer specialties             (8   )         (8    )       -              -           (16    )
industrial specialties            1              3            -              -             4
acetyl intermediates             (5   )         14            -              -             9
total company                     9              5            -              -            14
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
volume          price       currency          other          total
(in percentages)
advanced engineered materials    11              (2   )        -                     -   9
consumer specialties              4              (8   )        -                     -        (4   )
industrial specialties           (1   )          (8   )        (1     )              -       (10   )
acetyl intermediates             (2   )         (10   )        (1     )              2       (11   )
total company                     2              (8   )        (1     )              2        (5   )
pension and postretirement benefit plan costs the increase (decrease) in pension and other postretirement plan net periodic benefit cost for each of our business segments is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
advanced engineered materials        consumer specialties            industrial specialties      acetyl intermediates         other activities            total
(in $ millions)
service cost                                       1                                    -                                      1                    -                            -                          2
interest cost and expected return on plan assets   -                                    -                                      -                    -                            (28        )             (28   )
amortization of prior service credit               -                                    -                                      2                    -                            -                          2
special termination benefit                        (1               )                   -                                     (1   )                -                            -                         (2   )
recognized actuarial (gain) loss(1)                -                                    -                                      -                    -                            (57        )             (57   )
curtailment / settlement (gain) loss               -                                    -                                      -                    -                            -                          -
total                                              -                                    -                                      2                    -                            (85        )             (83   )
______________________________
(1)   the decrease in recognized actuarial loss primarily relates to higher asset returns, partially offset by a decrease in the weighted average discount rate used to determine benefit obligations from 3.7% to 3.3%.
39
advanced engineered materials        consumer specialties            industrial specialties      acetyl intermediates            other activities         total
(in $ millions)
cost of sales                       -                                    -                                      -                    -                                  (3   )              (3   )
sg&amp;a expenses                   1                                    -                                      3                    -                                 (81   )             (77   )
research and development expenses   -                                    -                                      -                    -                                  (1   )              (1   )
other charges (gains), net          (1               )                   -                                     (1   )                -                                   -                  (2   )
total                               -                                    -                                      2                    -                                 (85   )             (83   )
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
advanced engineered materials        consumer specialties         industrial specialties         acetyl intermediates         other activities            total
(in $ millions)
service cost                                       -                                    (1           )               (3            )                -                            (1         )              (5   )
interest cost and expected return on plan assets   -                                    -                            -                              -                         5                             5
amortization of prior service credit               -                                    -                            (3            )                -                            -                         (3   )
special termination benefit                        1                                    -                            -                              -                            -                          1
recognized actuarial (gain) loss(1)                -                                    -                            -                              -                            (24        )             (24   )
curtailment / settlement (gain) loss               -                                    -                         3                                 -                            -                          3
total                                              1                                    (1           )               (3            )                -                            (20        )             (23   )
______________________________
(1)   the decrease in recognized actuarial loss primarily relates to higher asset returns and a gain of $48 million reflecting the incorporation of the rp-2016 mortality tables into the actuarial assumptions for the us pension plans as of december 31, 2016, partially offset by a decrease in the weighted average discount rate used to determine benefit obligations from 4.0% to 3.7%.
advanced engineered materials        consumer specialties         industrial specialties         acetyl intermediates            other activities         total
(in $ millions)
cost of sales                       -                                    (1           )            1                                 -                                  (3   )              (3   )
sg&amp;a expenses                   -                                    -                            (4            )                -                                 (17   )             (21   )
research and development expenses   -                                    -                            -                              -                                  (1   )              (1   )
other charges (gains), net          1                                    -                            -                              -                         1                        2
total                               1                                    (1           )               (3            )                -                                 (20   )             (23   )
see note 15 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
40
consolidated results year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net sales increased $751 million, or 13.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher volume in our advanced engineered materials segment, primarily related to net sales generated from so.f.ter. s.r.l. ("softer") and from the nylon compounding division of nilit group ("nilit"), as well as within our base business, which was driven by new project launches and pipeline growth globally; and
•   higher pricing for most of our products in our acetyl intermediates segment;
partially offset by:
•   lower acetate tow pricing and volume in our consumer specialties segment; and
•   lower volume for ethanol in our acetyl intermediates segment.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $40 million, or 9.6% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   an increase in spending of approximately $100 million in our advanced engineered materials segment and other activities primarily related to ongoing merger, acquisition and integration related costs;
partially offset by:
•   a decrease in pension and other postretirement plan net periodic benefit cost of $77 million.
operating profit increased $8 million, or 0.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   an increase in net sales; and
•   cost savings in our acetyl intermediates and consumer specialties segments, primarily due to productivity initiatives;
partially offset by:
•   higher raw material costs, primarily in our acetyl intermediates segment;
•   higher plant spending of $138 million in our advanced engineered materials segment, primarily related to our acquisitions of softer and nilit, as these acquired businesses incur ongoing plant spending;
•   an unfavorable impact of $49 million to other (charges) gains, net in our acetyl intermediates segment. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we provided notice of termination of a contract with a key raw materials supplier at our ethanol production unit in nanjing, china. as a result, we recorded an estimated $51 million of plant/office closure costs primarily consisting of a $22 million contract termination charge and a $21 million reduction to our non-income tax receivable. see note 18 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
•   an increase in sg&amp;a expenses.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates increased $28 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   an increase in equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates of $20 million from our ibn sina strategic affiliate as a result of higher pricing and timing of turnaround activity.
41
our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 20% compared to 12% for the year ended 2016. the 2017 effective tax rate was impacted by the enactment of the tcja on december 22, 2017. we recognized net tax expense of $197 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 to reflect the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings accumulated offshore since 1986. this expense of $197 million was partially offset by a $107 million reduction of our deferred tax liabilities as a result of lowering the us tax rate from 35% to 21% and other technical provisions in the tcja. we also recognized a net tax benefit of $76 million related to foreign tax credits generated as a result of various internal reorganizations undertaken in preparation for our previously announced joint venture with the blackstone group l.p. (the "blackstone entities"). no material cash impact is expected from the deemed repatriation due to existing foreign tax credit carryforwards. the 2016 effective income tax rate was favorably impacted primarily due to settlement of uncertain tax positions and technical clarifications in germany and the us of $55 million.
the global minimum income tax and base erosion provisions of the tcja are effective for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017. we do not currently expect the provisions of the tcja to have a material impact on our future tax rate.
due to the timing of the new tax law and the substantial changes it brings, the staff of the securities and exchange commission issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118, which provides registrants a measurement period to report the impact of the new us tax law. during the measurement period, provisional amounts for the effects of the law are recorded to the extent a reasonable estimate can be made. to the extent that all information necessary is not available, prepared or analyzed, companies may recognize provisional estimated amounts for a period of up to one year following enactment of the tcja.
we have recorded provisional amounts for several of the impacts of the new tax law including: the deemed repatriation tax on post-1986 accumulated earnings and profits, the deferred tax rate change effect of the new law, gross foreign tax credit carryforwards and related valuation allowances to offset foreign tax credit carryforwards. certain items or estimates that result in impacts of the tcja being provisional include: detailed foreign earnings calculations for the most recent period, projected foreign cash balances for certain foreign subsidiaries and finalized computations of foreign tax credit availability. in addition, our 2017 us federal income tax return will not be finalized until later in 2018, and while historically this process has resulted in offsetting changes in estimates in current and deferred taxes for items which are timing related, the reduction of the us tax rate will result in adjustments to our income tax (provision) benefit when recorded. finally, we consider it likely that further technical guidance regarding certain of the new provisions included in the tcja, as well as clarity regarding state income tax conformity to current federal tax code, may be issued.
see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures and note 19 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net sales decreased $285 million, or 5.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower pricing, primarily for acetic acid and vam in our acetyl intermediates segment and acetate tow in our consumer specialties segment; and
•   lower pricing in our industrial specialties segment;
partially offset by:
•   higher volume, primarily for pom, in our advanced engineered materials segment; and
•   higher acetate tow volume in our consumer specialties segment.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $90 million, or 17.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower functional spending and incentive compensation costs of $31 million;
•   productivity initiatives across all of our business segments; and
•   a decrease in pension and other postretirement plan net periodic benefit cost of $21 million.
42
operating profit increased $567 million, or 173.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower raw material costs across all of our business segments;
•   a favorable impact from other (charges) gains, net of $340 million. in december 2015, we terminated our existing agreement with a raw materials supplier in singapore. in connection with the contract termination, we recorded $174 million to other (charges) gains, net, which did not recur in 2016. we also recorded long-lived asset impairment losses of $123 million to fully write-off certain ethanol related assets at our acetyl facility in nanjing, china during the three months ended december 31, 2015, which did not recur in 2016. see note 18 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
•   a decrease in sg&amp;a expenses;
partially offset by:
•   lower net sales.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates decreased $26 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   a decrease in equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates of $50 million from our ibn sina strategic affiliate as a result of lower pricing for methyl tertiary-butyl ether ("mtbe") and methanol.
our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 12% compared to 41% for the year ended 2015. the lower effective income tax rate is primarily due to settlement of uncertain tax positions and technical clarifications in germany and the us of $55 million. see note 19 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
43
business segments advanced engineered materials year ended                                %                          year ended                                  %
december 31,                                                         december 31,
2017                                                                  2016          change           change              2016              2015          change             change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                     2,096             1,444            652             45.2   %          1,444             1,326            118                8.9   %
net sales variance volume                                           46   %                                                               11    %
price                                           (2)   %                                                              (2)    %
currency                                          1   %                                                                -    %
other                                             -   %                                                                -    %
other (charges) gains, net                       (2   )            (2    )         -                -   %             (2    )           (7    )         5              (71.4   )%
operating profit (loss)                         383               350             33              9.4   %            350               235            115               48.9   %
operating margin                               18.3   %          24.2    %                                          24.2    %         17.7    %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates     168               122             46             37.7   %            122               150            (28   )          (18.7   )%
depreciation and amortization                   108                92             16             17.4   %             92                99             (7   )           (7.1   )%
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net sales increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher volume primarily due to net sales generated from softer and from nilit, which represents approximately three-fourths of the increase in volume; and
•   higher volume within our base business driven by new project launches and pipeline growth globally, which represents the remainder of the volume growth;
slightly offset by:
•   lower pricing for most of our products due to customer and regional mix.
operating profit increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher net sales;
partially offset by:
•   higher plant spending of $138 million, primarily related to our acquisitions of softer and nilit, as these acquired businesses incur ongoing plant spending;
•   higher energy and raw material costs, primarily related to methanol; and
•   higher depreciation and amortization expense, primarily related to our acquisitions of softer and nilit.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   an increase in equity investment in earnings of $20 million from our ibn sina strategic affiliate as a result of higher pricing and timing of turnaround activity;
•   an increase in equity investment in earnings of $11 million from our infraserv gmbh &amp; co. hoechst kg affiliate as a result of an ownership change between our advanced engineered materials and other activities segments. see note 9 - investment in affiliates in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
44
•   an increase in equity investment in earnings of $8 million and $7 million from our fortron industries llc ("fortron") and polyplastics co., ltd. ("polyplastics") strategic affiliates, respectively, as a result of higher demand.
on february 1, 2018, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the ownership interests of omni plastics, l.l.c. and its subsidiaries ("omni plastics"). omni plastics specializes in custom compounding of various engineered thermoplastic materials. the acquisition further strengthens our global asset base by adding compounding capacity in the americas. see note 29 - subsequent events in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
on may 3, 2017, we acquired the nylon compounding division of nilit, an independent producer of high performance nylon resins, fibers and compounds. we acquired the nylon compounding product portfolio, customer agreements and manufacturing, technology and commercial facilities. the acquisition of nilit increases our global engineered materials product platforms, extends the operational model, technical and industry solutions capabilities and expands project pipelines. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net sales increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   higher volume, primarily for pom in europe and asia, driven by new project launches and base business growth;
partially offset by:
•   lower pricing in pom due to regional and customer mix.
operating profit increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   higher net sales;
•   lower energy and raw material costs, primarily for methanol and polyester; and
•   cost savings of $18 million primarily due to productivity initiatives.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   a decrease in equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates of $50 million from our ibn sina strategic affiliate as a result of lower pricing for mtbe and methanol;
partially offset by:
•   an increase in equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates from our polyplastics and korea engineering plastics co., ltd. ("kepco") strategic affiliates of $15 million and $9 million, respectively, primarily as a result of higher demand.
in december 2016, we acquired 100% of the stock of the forli, italy based softer, a leading thermoplastic compounder. the acquisition included its comprehensive product portfolio of engineering thermoplastics, including nylon and polypropylene polymers, and thermoplastic elastomers, as well as all of its manufacturing, technology and commercial facilities and customer agreements. the acquisition supports the strategic growth of the engineered materials business. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
45
consumer specialties year ended                        %                               year ended                                  %
december 31,                                                      december 31,
2017                                                              2016       change           change                2016            2015          change             change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                      785            929            (144   )         (15.5   )%        929             969            (40   )           (4.1   )%
net sales variance volume                                          (8   )%                                                           4    %
price                                           (8   )%                                                          (8   )%
currency                                         -   %                                                            -    %
other                                            -   %                                                            -    %
other (charges) gains, net                      (2   )         (2    )       -                -       %          (2    )        (25    )        23              (92.0   )%
operating profit (loss)                        218            302            (84    )         (27.8   )%        302             262             40               15.3   %
operating margin                              27.8   %       32.5    %                                         32.5    %       27.0    %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates      3              3            -                -       %           3               2              1               50.0   %
dividend income - cost investments             107            107            -                -       %         107             106              1                0.9   %
depreciation and amortization                   44             45            (1     )         (2.2    )%         45              60            (15   )          (25.0   )%
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net sales decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   lower acetate tow volume and pricing due to lower global industry utilization.
operating profit decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   lower net sales;
partially offset by:
•   lower spending and raw material costs of $37 million primarily related to productivity initiatives in our cellulose derivatives business.
on june 18, 2017, celanese, through various subsidiaries, entered into an agreement with affiliates of the blackstone entities to form a joint venture which combines substantially all of the operations of our cellulose derivatives business and the operations of the rhodia acetow cellulose acetate business owned by the blackstone entities. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information. we have received regulatory approval in four out of six jurisdictions requiring approval, and the european commission ("ec") has moved into its phase ii investigation of the ongoing merger review process. under the standard review process of a phase ii investigation, we received a statement of objections from the ec. this statement of objections sets out the provisional position of the ec and does not prejudge the final outcome of the case.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net sales decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•lower acetate tow pricing due to lower global industry utilization;
partially offset by:
•   higher acetate tow volume, primarily in europe, due to customer destocking in the first half of prior year, which did not recur in 2016.
46
operating profit increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower raw material costs, including acetic acid and anhydride;
•   a favorable impact in other (charges) gains, net due to employee termination costs of $24 million, which was recorded as a result of a 50% capacity reduction at our acetate tow facility in lanaken, belgium in december 2015, which did not recur in 2016. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
•   cost savings of $25 million primarily due to productivity initiatives in our cellulose derivatives business;
partially offset by:
•   lower net sales.
depreciation and amortization expense, which is included within operating profit (loss), decreased during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of accelerated depreciation expense of $10 million related to a 50% capacity reduction at our acetate tow facility in lanaken, belgium in december 2015, which did not recur in 2016. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
industrial specialties year ended                                   %                        year ended                                   %
december 31,                                                          december 31,
2017                                                 2016          change              change            2016              2015           change             change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                       1,023            979             44                 4.5     %        979             1,082            (103   )           (9.5   )%
net sales variance volume                              1   %                                                            (1)    %
price                               3   %                                                            (8)    %
currency                            -   %                                                            (1)    %
other                               -   %                                                              -    %
other (charges) gains, net          -             (3    )         3              (100.0    )%         (3    )          (10    )          7              (70.0   )%
operating profit (loss)            87            105            (18     )         (17.1    )%        105                72              33         45.8         %
operating margin                  8.5   %       10.7    %                                           10.7    %          6.7    %
depreciation and amortization      38             34              4                11.8     %         34                64             (30   )          (46.9   )%
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net sales increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher pricing and volume in our emulsion polymers business due to higher raw material costs for vam across all regions and stronger demand in china.
operating profit decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher spending and raw material costs of $41 million, primarily vam;
partially offset by:
•   higher net sales.
47
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net sales decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower pricing in our emulsion polymers and eva polymers businesses due to lower raw material costs globally for vam.
operating profit increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower energy and raw material costs, primarily vam; and
•   cost savings of $28 million, primarily due to productivity initiatives in our emulsion polymers business; and
•   a favorable impact from other (charges) gains, net. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded $6 million of employee termination benefits related to the closure of our vinyl acetate ethylene ("vae") emulsions facility in tarragona, spain, which did not recur in 2016. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
partially offset by:
•   lower net sales.
depreciation and amortization expense, which is included within operating profit (loss), decreased during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of accelerated depreciation expense of $19 million related to our vae emulsions unit in meredosia, illinois and $9 million related to our vae and conventional emulsions units in tarragona, spain, which did not recur in 2016. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
acetyl intermediates year ended                        %                                    year ended                        %
december 31,                                                           december 31,
2017                                                                  2016          change        change                   2016              2015           change       change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                     2,669             2,441            228                9.3   %          2,441             2,744            (303   )         (11.0     )%
net sales variance volume                                          (5)   %                                                                (2)    %
price                                            14   %                                                               (10)    %
currency                                          -   %                                                                (1)    %
other                                             -   %                                                                  2    %
other (charges) gains, net                      (52   )            (3    )       (49   )          1,633   %             (3    )         (300    )        297             (99.0     )%
operating profit (loss)                         424               340             84               24.7   %            340                (3    )        343             (11,433   )%
operating margin                               15.9   %          13.9    %                                            13.9    %        (0.1)    %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates       6                 6              -              -       %              6                 6               -             -         %
depreciation and amortization                   105               107             (2   )          (1.9    )%           107               123             (16   )         (13.0     )%
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net sales increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher pricing due to higher feedstock costs, such as methanol, which positively impacted pricing for most of our products;
48
partially offset by:
•   lower volume for ethanol, which represents substantially all of the decrease in volume, due to the shutdown at our ethanol production unit in nanjing, china.
operating profit increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher net sales; and
•   cost savings of $22 million, primarily related to productivity initiatives and a duty exception in the free trade agreement between europe and mexico;
partially offset by:
•   higher raw material costs, primarily for methanol, ethylene and carbon monoxide, with methanol making up approximately one-half of the increase and ethylene and carbon monoxide making up the remainder of the increase in raw material costs;
•   an unfavorable impact of $49 million to other (charges) gains, net. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we provided notice of termination of a contract with a key raw materials supplier at our ethanol production unit in nanjing, china. as a result, we recorded an estimated $51 million of plant/office closure costs primarily consisting of a $22 million contract termination charge and a $21 million reduction to our non-income tax receivable. see note 18 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
•   an unfavorable impact of $19 million in direct costs associated with the planned turnaround at our clear lake, texas site.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net sales decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower pricing due to lower global industry utilization and a decline in global feedstock costs, such as methanol, which negatively impacted pricing for most of our products. the impact on acetic acid, vam and acetate esters represents approximately three-fourths of the pricing decrease; and
•   lower volume for vam, which represents all of the decrease in volume, primarily due to the expiration of a significant vam contract.
operating profit increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   a favorable impact from other (charges) gains, net. in december 2015, we terminated our existing agreement with a raw materials supplier in singapore. in connection with the contract termination, we recorded $174 million to other (charges) gains, net, which did not recur in 2016. we also recorded long-lived asset impairment losses of $123 million to fully write-off certain ethanol related assets at our acetyl facility in nanjing, china during the three months ended december 31, 2015, which did not recur in 2016. see note 18 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information;
•   lower energy and raw material costs, primarily for carbon monoxide and methanol; and
•   cost savings of $29 million, primarily due to productivity initiatives;
partially offset by:
•   lower net sales.
depreciation and amortization expense, which is included within operating profit (loss), decreased during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of $39 million in accelerated depreciation expense recorded in the prior year related to property, plant and equipment no longer in use at our ethanol technology unit in clear lake, texas, which did not recur in 2016, partially offset by the impact from the startup of production at the fairway facility in
49
october 2015. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
other activities year ended                       %                                 year ended                                 %
december 31,                                                       december 31,
2017                                                                2016         change        change                 2016             2015          change            change
(in $ millions)
other (charges) gains, net                      (4   )           (1    )       (3   )          300.0   %           (1    )          (9    )         8             (88.9   )%
operating profit (loss)                       (211   )         (205    )       (6   )            2.9   %         (205    )        (240    )        35             (14.6   )%
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates      6               24           (18   )          (75.0   )%          24               23              1               4.3   %
dividend income - cost investments               1                1             -              -       %            1                1              -                 -   %
depreciation and amortization                   10               12            (2   )          (16.7   )%          12               11              1               9.1   %
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
operating loss increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   higher spending of approximately $60 million, primarily related to ongoing merger, acquisition and integration related costs; and
•   higher incentive compensation cost of $26 million;
mostly offset by:
•   a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $85 million, primarily recorded to sg&amp;a expenses.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to:
•   a decrease in equity investment in earnings of $11 million from our infraserv gmbh &amp; co. hoechst kg affiliate as a result of an ownership change between our advanced engineered materials and other activities segments. see note 9 - investment in affiliates in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
•   a decrease in equity investment in earnings of $4 million for infraserv gmbh &amp; co. gendorf kg and infraserv gmbh &amp; co. knapsack kg associated with a reserve for dividends received from these investments since the exercise notification was received. see note 29 - subsequent events in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
operating loss decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to:
•   lower functional and project spending of $21 million; and
•   a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $20 million, primarily recorded to sg&amp;a expenses.
50
liquidity and capital resources our primary source of liquidity is cash generated from operations, available cash and cash equivalents and dividends from our portfolio of strategic investments. in addition, as of december 31, 2017 we have $903 million available for borrowing under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and $11 million available under our accounts receivable securitization facility to assist, if required, in meeting our working capital needs and other contractual obligations.
while our contractual obligations, commitments and debt service requirements over the next several years are significant, we continue to believe we will have available resources to meet our liquidity requirements, including debt service, for the next twelve months. if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to fund our debt service and other obligations, we may be required to use other means available to us such as increasing our borrowings, reducing or delaying capital expenditures, seeking additional capital or seeking to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. there can be no assurance, however, that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels.
total cash outflows for capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $300 million to $350 million in 2018 primarily due to additional investments in growth opportunities in our advanced engineered materials and acetyl intermediates segments.
on a stand-alone basis, celanese and its immediate 100% owned subsidiary, celanese us, have no material assets other than the stock of their subsidiaries and no independent external operations of their own. accordingly, they generally depend on the cash flow of their subsidiaries and their ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to celanese and celanese us in order to meet their obligations, including their obligations under senior credit facilities and senior notes and to pay dividends on our series a common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ("common stock").
cash flows cash and cash equivalents decreased $62 million to $576 million as of december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2017, $311 million of the $576 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. under the tcja, we have incurred a charge associated with the repatriation of previously unremitted foreign earnings, including foreign held cash. these funds are largely accessible, if needed in the us to fund operations. see note 19 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   net cash provided by (used in) operating activities year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $90 million to $803 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $893 million for the same period in 2016. net cash provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 decreased primarily due to:
•   a decrease in net earnings; and
•   unfavorable trade working capital of $37 million primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable and inventory related to softer.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net cash provided by operating activities increased $31 million to $893 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $862 million for the same period in 2015. net cash provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased primarily due to:
•   an increase in net earnings;
largely offset by:
•   an increase in pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan contributions of $287 million;
•   unfavorable trade working capital of $56 million primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable; and
•   lower dividends from our equity investments in affiliates of $45 million.
51
•   net cash provided by (used in) investing activities year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net cash used in investing activities increased $110 million to $549 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $439 million for the same period in 2016, primarily due to:
•   a net increase in cash outflows of $91 million related to the acquisition of nilit in may 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net cash used in investing activities decreased $119 million to $439 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $558 million for the same period in 2015, primarily due to:
•   a decrease in capital expenditures of $288 million related to fairway, which was completed in 2015;
partially offset by:
•   an increase in cash outflows of $178 million related to the acquisition of softer in december 2016.
•   net cash provided by (used in) financing activities year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
net cash used in financing activities decreased $408 million to $351 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $759 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in cash used in financing activities is primarily due to:
•   an increase in net borrowings on short-term debt of $558 million, primarily as a result of borrowings under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization facility during the year ended december 31, 2017, as well as repayments of borrowings under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility during the year ended december 31, 2016, which did not recur in the current year;
partially offset by:
•   a decrease in net proceeds from long-term debt of $108 million, primarily due to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities during the year ended december 31, 2016, partially offset by the senior unsecured debt issuance during the year ended december 31, 2017, as discussed below; and
•   an increase in common stock cash dividends of $40 million. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we increased our common stock quarterly cash dividend rate from $0.36 to $0.46 per share.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
net cash used in financing activities increased $693 million to $759 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $66 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in cash used in financing activities is primarily due to:
•   an increase of $350 million in net short-term borrowings under our previous senior secured revolving credit facility for the year ended december 31, 2015, which were repaid in full during the year ended december 31, 2016, as discussed below;
•   a net decrease of $238 million in contributions received from, and distributions to, mitsui; and
•   an increase of $80 million in share repurchases of our common stock;
partially offset by:
•   an increase in net proceeds from long-term debt of $406 million primarily as a result of issuing €750 million in principal amount of 1.125% notes, as discussed below.
52
in addition, exchange rates had a favorable impact of $35 million on cash and cash equivalents for the year ended december 31, 2017 and unfavorable impacts of $24 million and $51 million on cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
debt and other obligations
•   senior credit facilities in july 2016, celanese, celanese us and certain subsidiaries entered into a new senior credit agreement ("credit agreement") consisting of a $500 million senior unsecured term loan and a $1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (with a letter of credit sublimit), each maturing in 2021. the margin for borrowings under the senior unsecured term loan and the senior unsecured revolving credit facility was 1.5% above libor at our current credit ratings. the credit agreement is guaranteed by celanese, celanese us and substantially all of its domestic subsidiaries ("the subsidiary guarantors"). the proceeds from the new senior unsecured term loan and $409 million of borrowings under the new senior unsecured revolving credit facility were used to repay our term c-2 and c-3 loans under our previous senior secured credit facilities. we borrowed $528 million and repaid $431 million under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility during the year ended december 31, 2017.
•   senior notes we have outstanding senior unsecured notes, issued in public offerings registered under the securities act of 1933 ("securities act"), as amended, as follows (collectively, the "senior notes"):
senior notes   issue date           principal           interest rate   interest pay dates                 maturity date
(in millions)        (in percentages)
1.250% notes   december 2017             €300                   1.250   february 11                        february 11, 2025
1.125% notes   september 2016            €750                   1.125   september 26                       september 26, 2023
3.250% notes   september 2014            €300                   3.250   april 15            october 15     october 15, 2019
4.625% notes   november 2012             $500                   4.625   march 15            september 15   november 15, 2022
5.875% notes   may 2011                  $400                   5.875   june 15             december 15    june 15, 2021
the senior notes were issued by celanese us and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by celanese and the subsidiary guarantors. celanese us may redeem some or all of each of the senior notes, prior to their respective maturity dates, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus a "make-whole" premium as specified in the applicable indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date.
on december 11, 2017, celanese us completed the offering of the 1.250% notes in a public offering registered under the securities act. the 1.250% notes were issued under a base indenture dated may 6, 2011. the 1.250% notes were issued at a discount to par at a price of 99.810%. net proceeds from the issuance of the 1.250% notes were used to make a discretionary contribution into our us pension plans of $316 million and for general corporate purposes.
in september 2016, celanese us completed the offering of the 1.125% notes in a public offering registered under the securities act. the 1.125% notes were issued at a discount to par at a price of 99.713%. net proceeds from the sale of the 1.125% notes were used to repay $411 million of outstanding borrowings under the new senior unsecured revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.
•   accounts receivable securitization facility in july 2016, certain of our subsidiaries entered into an amendment of our accounts receivable securitization facility, extending its maturity to july 2019 and decreasing the available amount to $120 million. we borrowed $85 million and repaid $5 million during the year ended december 31, 2017.
our material financing arrangements contain customary covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial ratios, events of default and change of control provisions. failure to comply with these covenants, or the occurrence of any other event of default, could result in acceleration of the borrowings and other financial obligations. we are in compliance with all of the covenants related to our debt agreements as of december 31, 2017.
53
•   acetate tow joint venture on june 18, 2017, celanese, through various subsidiaries, entered into an agreement with affiliates of the blackstone entities to form a joint venture which combines substantially all the operations of our cellulose derivatives business and the operations of the rhodia acetow cellulose acetate business owned by the blackstone entities. closing of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. we have received regulatory approval in four out of six jurisdictions requiring approval, and the ec has moved into its phase ii investigation of the ongoing merger review process. under the standard review process of a phase ii investigation, we received a statement of objections from the ec. this statement of objections sets out the provisional position of the ec and does not prejudge the final outcome of the case.
in connection with the agreement, the joint venture with the blackstone entities obtained commitments for credit facilities aggregating $2.4 billion to be entered into by the joint venture entities at the closing consisting of (i) senior secured ($135 million) and senior unsecured ($65 million) revolving credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $200 million, (ii) senior secured term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion, (iii) a senior unsecured bridge facility in an aggregate principal amount of $800 million, which bridge facility will backstop the proposed issuance of $800 million senior unsecured notes by a joint venture subsidiary, and (iv) a senior unsecured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $400 million. the credit facilities will be guaranteed by certain of the subsidiaries of the respective borrowers; however, only the $65 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility and the $400 million senior unsecured term loan credit facility will be guaranteed by celanese. approximately $2.2 billion of the proceeds of the debt financing are expected to be used, in part, to repay certain of the parties' existing indebtedness and a $1.6 billion dividend to celanese. we plan to use the proceeds of the dividend for general corporate purposes. additionally, we anticipate that we will incur costs of approximately $50 million prior to the closing to carve out assets and entities in anticipation of contributing these to the joint venture. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
see note 14 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
share capital our board of directors follows a policy of declaring, subject to legally available funds, a quarterly cash dividend on each share of our common stock unless the board of directors, in its sole discretion, determines otherwise. the amount available to us to pay cash dividends is not currently restricted by our existing senior credit facility or our indentures governing our senior unsecured notes.
on february 8, 2018, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.46 per share on our common stock amounting to $62 million. the cash dividend will be paid on march 2, 2018 to holders of record as of february 20, 2018.
our board of directors has authorized the aggregate repurchase of $3.9 billion of our common stock since february 2008, including a $1.5 billion increase which was approved on july 17, 2017 by our board of directors. these authorizations give management discretion in determining the timing and conditions under which shares may be repurchased. this repurchase program does not have an expiration date. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we spent $500 million on repurchased shares of our common stock. as of december 31, 2017, we had $1.5 billion remaining under authorizations by our board of directors.
see note 17 - stockholders' equity in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
54
contractual debt and cash obligations the following table sets forth our fixed contractual debt and cash obligations as of december 31, 2017.
payments due by period total           less than               years               years              after
1 year           2 &amp; 3           4 &amp; 5            5 years
(in $ millions)
fixed contractual debt obligations senior notes                                                2,516                 -                 360                 900               1,256
senior unsecured term loan                                    494                32                 100                 362                   -
interest payments on debt and other obligations               553        (1)    119                 206                 127                 101
capital lease obligations                                     208                31                  54                  55                  68
other debt                                                    443        (2)    263                   3                   3                 174
total                                                       4,214               445                 723               1,447               1,599
operating leases                                              343                54                  84                  50                 155
uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties     156                 -                   -                   -                 156         (3)
unconditional purchase obligations                          1,793        (4)    382                 474                 523                 414
pension and other postretirement funding obligations          470                49                  96                  94                 231
environmental and asset retirement obligations                104                33                  25                  11                  35
total                                                       7,080               963               1,402               2,125               2,590
______________________________
(1)   future interest expense is calculated using the rate in effect on december 31, 2017.
(2)   other debt is primarily made up of fixed rate pollution control and industrial revenue bonds, short-term borrowings from affiliated companies, our revolving credit facility, our accounts receivable securitization facility and other bank obligations.
(3)   due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions with the respective taxing authorities, we are unable to determine the timing of payments related to our uncertain tax obligations, including interest and penalties. these amounts are therefore reflected in "after 5 years".
(4)   unconditional purchase obligations primarily represent the take-or-pay provisions included in certain long-term purchase agreements. we do not expect to incur material losses under these arrangements. these amounts also include other purchase obligations such as maintenance and service agreements, energy and utility agreements, consulting contracts, software agreements and other miscellaneous agreements and contracts, obtained via a survey of celanese.
contractual guarantees and commitments as of december 31, 2017, we have standby letters of credit of $29 million and bank guarantees of $12 million outstanding, which are irrevocable obligations of an issuing bank that ensure payment to third parties in the event that certain subsidiaries fail to perform in accordance with specified contractual obligations. the likelihood is remote that material payments will be required under these agreements.
see note 14 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of the guarantees under our senior notes and credit agreement.
see note 24 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of commitments and contingencies related to legal and regulatory proceedings.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any material off-balance sheet arrangements.
market risks see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk for further information.
55
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of significant accounting policies. the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with us gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales, expenses and allocated charges during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates. however, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in materially different results.
we believe the following accounting policies and estimates are critical to understanding the financial reporting risks present in the current economic environment. these matters, and the judgments and uncertainties affecting them, are also essential to understanding our reported and future operating results. see note 2 - summary of accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   recoverability of long-lived assets recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived assets we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. our reporting units are either our operating business segments or one level below our operating business segments for which discrete financial information is available and for which operating results are regularly reviewed by business segment management and the chief operating decision maker. our operating business segments have been designated as our reporting units and include our engineered materials, cellulose derivatives, food ingredients, emulsion polymers, eva polymers and intermediate chemistry businesses. we assess the recoverability of the carrying amount of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets annually during the third quarter of our fiscal year using june 30 balances or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable.
when assessing the recoverability of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may first assess qualitative factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. after assessing qualitative factors, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, then performing a quantitative assessment is not required. if an initial qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset, a quantitative analysis will be performed. we may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to a quantitative analysis depending on the facts and circumstances.
in performing a quantitative analysis, recoverability of goodwill for each reporting unit is measured using a discounted cash flow model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. use of a discounted cash flow model is common practice in assessing impairment in the absence of available transactional market evidence to determine the fair value. the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model include discount rates, growth rates, tax rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. discount rates, growth rates and cash flow projections are the most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. we may engage third-party valuation consultants to assist with this process. the valuation consultants assess fair value by equally weighting a combination of two market approaches (market multiple analysis and comparable transaction analysis) and the discounted cash flow approach. discount rates are determined by using a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc"). the wacc considers market and industry data as well as company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rate to be used. the discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates. if the calculated fair value is less than the current carrying amount, an impairment loss is recorded in the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. an impairment loss cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit but may indicate certain long-lived and amortizable intangible assets associated with the reporting unit may require additional impairment testing.
management tests other indefinite-lived intangible assets quantitatively utilizing the relief from royalty method under the income approach to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset. the relief from royalty method estimates our theoretical royalty savings from ownership of the intangible asset. key assumptions used in this model include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, tax rates, sales projections and terminal value rates. discount rates, royalty rates,
56
growth rates and sales projections are the assumptions most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. discount rates used are similar to the rates estimated by the wacc considering any differences in company-specific risk factors. royalty rates are established by management and are periodically substantiated by third-party valuation consultants. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections associated with each indefinite-lived intangible asset. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales projections beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates.
valuation methodologies utilized to evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment were consistent with prior periods. we periodically engage third-party valuation consultants to assist us with this process. specific assumptions discussed above are updated at the date of each test to consider current industry and company-specific risk factors from the perspective of a market participant. the current business environment is subject to evolving market conditions and requires significant management judgment to interpret the potential impact to our assumptions. to the extent that changes in the current business environment result in adjusted management projections, impairment losses may occur in future periods.
see note 11 - goodwill and intangible assets, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   environmental liabilities we manufacture and sell a diverse line of chemical products throughout the world. accordingly, our operations are subject to various hazards incidental to the production of industrial chemicals including the use, handling, processing, storage and transportation of hazardous materials. we recognize losses and accrue liabilities relating to environmental matters if available information indicates that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. depending on the nature of the site, we accrue through 15 years, unless we have government orders or other agreements that extend beyond 15 years. we estimate environmental liabilities on a case-by-case basis using the most current status of available facts, existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. recoveries of environmental costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable.
an environmental reserve related to cleanup of a contaminated site might include, for example, a provision for one or more of the following types of costs: site investigation and testing costs, cleanup costs, costs related to soil and water contamination resulting from tank ruptures and post-remediation monitoring costs. these undiscounted reserves do not take into account any claims or recoveries from insurance. the measurement of environmental liabilities is based on our periodic estimate of what it will cost to perform each of the elements of the remediation effort. we utilize third parties to assist in the management and development of cost estimates for our sites. changes to environmental regulations or other factors affecting environmental liabilities are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period in which they occur.
see note 16 - environmental in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   benefit obligations the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits are determined on an actuarial basis. various assumptions are used in the calculation of the actuarial valuation of the employee benefit plans. these assumptions include the discount rate, compensation levels, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets and trends in health care costs. in addition, actuarial consultants use factors such as withdrawal and mortality rates to estimate the projected benefit obligation. the actuarial assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of participants. these differences may result in a significant impact to the amount of net periodic benefit cost recorded in future periods.
pension assumptions are reviewed annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is required to be remeasured. assumptions are reviewed on a plan and country-specific basis by third-party actuaries and senior management. such assumptions are adjusted as appropriate to reflect changes in market rates and outlook.
beginning in 2016, we elected to change the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our significant defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans. previously, we estimated the service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. we elected to use a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components of net periodic benefit cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. this change improves the correlation between projected benefit
57
cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates and provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. this change does not affect the measurement of our total benefit obligations as the change in service and interest cost will be completely offset in the annual actuarial (gain) loss reported. we accounted for this change as a change in estimate and, accordingly, accounted for it prospectively beginning in 2016.
see note 15 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
the estimated change in pension and postretirement net periodic benefit cost that would occur in 2018 from a change in the indicated assumptions are as follows:
change in rate       impact on net periodic benefit cost
(in $ millions)
us pension benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             (10                 )
decrease in the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets(1)      0.50   %                            14
us postretirement benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             -
increase in the annual health care cost trend rates                      1.00   %             -
non-us pension benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             (1                  )
decrease in the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets         0.50   %                             2
non-us postretirement benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             -
increase in the annual health care cost trend rates                      1.00   %             -
______________________________
(1)   excludes nonqualified pension plans.
•   accounting for commitments and contingencies we routinely assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to legal and regulatory proceedings, lawsuits, claims, and investigations, incidental to the normal conduct of our past and current business, as well as ranges of probable and reasonably estimable losses. reasonable estimates involve judgments made by us after considering a broad range of information including: notifications, prior settlements, demands, which have been received from a regulatory authority or private party, estimates performed by independent consultants and outside counsel, available facts, identification of other potentially responsible parties and their ability to contribute, as well as prior experience. a determination of the amount of loss contingency required, if any, is recorded if probable and estimable after careful analysis of each individual matter. the required reserves may change in the future due to new developments in each matter and as additional information becomes available. due to the inherent subjectivity of assessments and unpredictability of outcomes of legal proceedings, our litigation accruals and estimates of possible loss or range of possible loss may not represent the ultimate loss to us from legal proceedings.
see note 24 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   income taxes we regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance as needed. in forming our judgment regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets related to deductible temporary differences and tax attribute carryforwards, we give weight to positive and negative evidence based on the extent to which the forms of evidence can be objectively verified. we attach the most weight to historical earnings due to its verifiable nature. weight is attached to tax planning strategies if the strategies are prudent and feasible and implementable without significant obstacles. less weight is attached to forecasted future earnings due to its subjective nature, and expected timing of reversal of taxable temporary differences is given little weight unless the reversal of taxable and deductible temporary differences coincide. valuation allowances are established primarily on net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets in the us, luxembourg, spain, china, singapore, the united kingdom, canada and france. we have appropriately reflected increases and decreases in our valuation allowance based on the overall weight of positive versus negative evidence on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis.
58
the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions are subject to various assumptions and management judgment. if actual results differ from the estimates made by management in establishing or maintaining valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, the resulting change in the valuation allowance would generally impact earnings or other comprehensive income depending on the nature of the respective deferred tax asset. in addition, the positions taken with regard to tax contingencies may be subject to audit and review by tax authorities, which may result in future taxes, interest and penalties.
see note 19 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 - recent accounting pronouncements in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report"), the term "celanese" refers to celanese corporation, a delaware corporation, and not its subsidiaries. the terms the "company," "we," "our" and "us," refer to celanese and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. the term "celanese us" refers to the company's subsidiary, celanese us holdings llc, a delaware limited liability company, and not its subsidiaries.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("us gaap").
investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and other parts of this annual report involve both risk and uncertainty. several important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. many of these statements are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond the control of management. see "forward-looking statements" below.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and other parts of this annual report contain certain forward-looking statements and information relating to us that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. generally, words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "may," "can," "could," "might," and "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements reflect our current views and beliefs with respect to future events at the time that the statements are made, are not historical facts or guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this annual report for further discussion.
risk factors
