item 1a. risk factors we are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in our transactions and operations and are present in the business decisions we make. we, therefore, encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. these risks include, but are not limited to, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, model risk, technology, regulatory and legal risk and strategic and reputational risk. we discuss our principal risk management processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance in the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk governance" section in part ii, item 7, included in this report.
you should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. other factors that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operation are discussed in the "forward-looking statements" section above. however, there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known, and factors besides those discussed below, or in this or other reports that we file or furnish with the sec, that could also adversely affect us.
risks related to our business we may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy.
our business strategy is designed to maximize the full potential of our business and drive sustainable growth and enhanced profitability, and our success rests on our ability to: (i) maintain a high-performing, customer-centric organization; (ii) develop differentiated value propositions to acquire, deepen, and retain core customer segments; (iii) build excellent capabilities that will allow us to stand out from our competitors; (iv) operate with financial discipline and a mindset of continuous improvement to self-fund investments; (v) prudently grow and optimize our balance sheet; (vi) modernize our technology and operational models to improve delivery, agility and speed to market; and (vii) embed risk management within our culture and our operations. our future success and the value of our stock will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively implement our business strategy. there are risks and uncertainties, many of which are not within our control, associated with each element of our strategy. if we are not able to successfully execute our business strategy, we may never achieve our financial performance goals and any shortfall may be material. see "business strategy" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report for further information.
supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders.
in recent years, the federal banking agencies (the frb, the occ and the fdic), as well as the cfpb have generally taken a more stringent approach to supervising and regulating financial institutions and financial products and services over which they exercise their respective supervisory authorities. this increased supervisory stringency is a result of and in addition to legislation aimed at regulatory reform, such as the dodd-frank act, and the increased capital and liquidity requirements imposed by the u.s. implementation of the basel iii framework. we, our two banking subsidiaries and our products and services are all subject to greater supervisory scrutiny and enhanced supervisory requirements and expectations. we expect to continue to face this heightened level of supervisory scrutiny and enhanced supervisory requirements in the foreseeable future.
in addition, as part of the supervisory and examination process, if we are unsuccessful in meeting the supervisory requirements and expectations that apply to us and our banking subsidiaries, regulatory agencies may from time to time take supervisory actions against us that may not be publicly disclosed. such actions may include restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions or public enforcement actions, including the payment of civil money penalties, which could increase our costs and limit our ability to implement our strategic plans and expand our business, and as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
22
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
net interest income historically has been, and in the near-to-medium term we anticipate that it will remain, a significant component of our total revenue. this is due to the fact that a high percentage of our assets and liabilities have been and will likely continue to be in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments. changes in interest rates can have a material effect on many areas of our business, including net interest income, deposit costs, loan volume and delinquency, and the value of our mortgage servicing rights. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the federal open market committee. changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. if the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest earning assets, our net interest income may decline and, with it, a decline in our earnings may occur. our net interest income and our earnings would be similarly affected if the interest rates on our interest earning assets declined at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities.
we cannot control or predict with certainty changes in interest rates. global, national, regional and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the frb, affect interest income and interest expense. although we have policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest rates, as further discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk governance" in part ii, item 7, included in this report, changes in interest rates still may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
if our ongoing assumptions regarding borrower or depositor behavior are wrong or overall economic conditions are significantly different than we anticipate, then our risk mitigation may be insufficient to protect against interest rate risk and our net income would be adversely affected.
we could fail to attract, retain or motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management, other key employees or members of our board, which could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business.
a cornerstone of our strategic plan involves the hiring of highly skilled and qualified personnel. accordingly, our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management and other key employees and directors, competitive with our peers. the marketplace for skilled personnel is becoming more competitive, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. the failure to attract or retain, including as a result of an untimely death or illness of key personnel, or replace a sufficient number of appropriately skilled and key personnel could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and prevent us from successfully implementing our strategy, which could impair our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully, achieve our performance targets and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in may 2016, the frb, other federal banking agencies and the securities and exchange commission jointly published re-proposed rules (originally proposed in april 2011) designed to implement provisions of the dodd-frank act prohibiting incentive compensation arrangements that would encourage inappropriate risk taking at covered financial institutions, which includes a bank or bank holding company with $1 billion or more of assets. although the re-proposed rules include more stringent requirements, particularly for larger institutions, it cannot be determined at this time whether or when a final rule will be adopted. compliance with such a final rule may substantially affect the manner in which we structure compensation for our executives and other employees. depending on the nature and application of the final rules, we may not be able to successfully compete with certain financial institutions and other companies that are not subject to some or all of the rules to retain and attract executives and other high performing employees. if this were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially.
our ability to meet our obligations, and the cost of funds to do so, depend on our ability to access identified sources of liquidity at a reasonable cost.
liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our obligations, including funding commitments, as they come due. this risk is inherent in our operations and can be heightened by a number of factors, including
23
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors an over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, secured fhlb advances), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters. like many banking groups, our reliance on customer deposits to meet a considerable portion of our funding has grown over recent years, and we continue to seek to increase the proportion of our funding represented by customer deposits. however, these deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside our control, such as increasing competitive pressures for retail or corporate customer deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, or a loss of confidence by customers in us or in the banking sector generally which could result in a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. to the extent there is heightened competition among u.s. banks for retail customer deposits, this competition may increase the cost of procuring new deposits and/or retaining existing deposits, and otherwise negatively affect our ability to grow our deposit base. an inability to grow, or any material decrease in, our deposits could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our liquidity needs.
maintaining a diverse and appropriate funding strategy for our assets consistent with our wider strategic risk appetite and plan remains challenging, and any tightening of credit markets could have a material adverse impact on us. in particular, there is a risk that corporate and financial institution counterparties may seek to reduce their credit exposures to banks and other financial institutions (for example, reductions in unsecured deposits supplied by these counterparties), which may cause funding from these sources to no longer be available. under these circumstances, we may need to seek funds from alternative sources, potentially at higher costs than has previously been the case, or may be required to consider disposals of other assets not previously identified for disposal, in order to reduce our funding commitments.
a reduction in our credit ratings, which are based on a number of factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding. rating agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength. other factors considered by rating agencies include conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. any downgrade in our ratings would likely increase our borrowing costs, could limit our access to capital markets, and otherwise adversely affect our business. for example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect our ability to sell or market certain of our securities, including long-term debt, engage in certain longer-term derivatives transactions and retain our customers, particularly corporate customers who may require a minimum rating threshold in order to place funds with us. in addition, under the terms of certain of our derivatives contracts, we may be required to maintain a minimum credit rating or have to post additional collateral or terminate such contracts. any of these results of a rating downgrade could increase our cost of funding, reduce our liquidity and have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
24
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors our financial performance may be adversely affected by deterioration in borrower credit quality, particularly in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, where our operations are concentrated.
we have exposure to many different industries and risks arising from actual or perceived changes in credit quality and uncertainty over the recoverability of amounts due from borrowers is inherent in our businesses. our exposure may be exacerbated by the geographic concentration of our operations, which are predominately located in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions. the credit quality of our borrowers may deteriorate for a number of reasons that are outside our control, including as a result of prevailing economic and market conditions and asset valuation. the trends and risks affecting borrower credit quality, particularly in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, have caused, and in the future may cause, us to experience impairment charges, increased repurchase demands, higher costs, additional write-downs and losses and an inability to engage in routine funding transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss.
our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage our risk exposure. the framework to manage risk, including the framework's underlying assumptions, may not be effective under all conditions and circumstances. if the risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
one of the main types of risks inherent in our business is credit risk. an important feature of our credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit risk control system through which we identify, measure, monitor and mitigate existing and emerging credit risk of our customers. as this process involves detailed analyses of the customer or credit risk, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human error. in exercising their judgment, our employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating to a customer or credit risk, which may result in our exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by our risk rating system.
in addition, we have undertaken certain actions to enhance our credit policies and guidelines to address potential risks associated with particular industries or types of customers, as discussed in more detail under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk governance" and "- market risk" in part ii, item 7, included in this report. however, we may not be able to effectively implement these initiatives, or consistently follow and refine our credit risk management system. if any of the foregoing were to occur, it may result in an increase in the level of nonperforming loans and a higher risk exposure for us, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models.
the processes we use to estimate our inherent loan losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior. we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating such models will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. moreover, our models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used in the model is incorrect, obsolete or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur. we seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not at all times predictive of future developments in any particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may turn out to be inappropriate for the future period being modeled. in such case, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly greater than our models indicated. in addition, if existing or potential customers believe our risk management is inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere. this could harm our reputation as well as our revenues and profits. finally, information we provide to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could also be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our stockholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
25
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors the preparation of our financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. particularly, various factors may cause our alll to increase.
the preparation of audited consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. our most critical accounting estimate is the alll. the alll is a reserve established through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense and represents our estimate of incurred but unrealized losses within the existing portfolio of loans. the alll is necessary to reserve for estimated loan and lease losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. the level of the alll reflects our ongoing evaluation of industry concentrations, specific credit risks, loan and lease loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions and incurred losses inherent in the current loan portfolio.
the determination of the appropriate level of the alll inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the stagnation of certain economic indicators that we are more susceptible to, such as unemployment and real estate values, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside our control, may require an increase in the alll. in addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our alll and may require an increase in the alll or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments that can differ from those of our own management. in addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the alll-that is, if the alll is inadequate-we will need additional loan and lease loss provisions to increase the alll. should such additional provisions become necessary, they would result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a material adverse effect on us.
operational risks are inherent in our businesses.
our operations depend on our ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; improper conduct or errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing major new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. although we have implemented risk controls and loss mitigation actions, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures, identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing procedures and training staff, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by us. any weakness in these systems or controls, or any breaches or alleged breaches of such laws or regulations, could result in increased regulatory supervision, enforcement actions and other disciplinary action, and have an adverse impact on our business, applicable authorizations and licenses, reputation and results of operations.
the financial services industry, including the banking sector, is undergoing rapid technological changes as a result of competition and changes in the legal and regulatory framework, and we may not be able to compete effectively as a result of these changes.
the financial services industry, including the banking sector, is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. in addition, new, unexpected technological changes could have a disruptive effect on the way banks offer products and services. we believe our success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to address customer needs by using technology to offer products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. however, we may not be able to, among other things, keep up with the rapid pace of technological changes, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. as a result, our ability to compete effectively to attract or retain new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
in addition, changes in the legal and regulatory framework under which we operate require us to update our information systems to ensure compliance. our need to review and evaluate the impact of ongoing rule proposals, final rules and implementation guidance from regulators further complicates the development and implementation of new information systems for our business. also, recent regulatory guidance has focused on the need for financial
26
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors institutions to perform increased due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third-party vendor relationships, thus increasing the scope of management involvement and decreasing the efficiency otherwise resulting from our relationships with third-party technology providers. given the significant number of ongoing regulatory reform initiatives, it is possible that we incur higher than expected information technology costs in order to comply with current and impending regulations. see "-supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders."
we are subject to a variety of cybersecurity risks that, if realized, could adversely affect how we conduct our business.
information security risks for large financial institutions such as cfg have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as internet and mobile banking to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties. third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and information security risks to us, including security breaches or failures of their own systems. the possibility of employee error, failure to follow security procedures, or malfeasance also presents these risks. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. in addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal computers, smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control environment. although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls, our technologies, systems, networks and our customers' devices may be the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of the confidential, and/or proprietary information of cfg, our customers, our vendors, our counterparties, or our employees. we are under continuous threat of loss due to cyber-attacks, especially as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize the internet and other remote channels to transact business. two of the most significant cyber-attack risks that we face are e-fraud and loss of sensitive customer data. loss from e-fraud occurs when cybercriminals extract funds directly from customers' or our accounts using fraudulent schemes that may include internet-based funds transfers. we have been subject to a number of e-fraud incidents historically. we have also been subject to attempts to steal sensitive customer data, such as account numbers and social security numbers, through unauthorized access to our computer systems including computer hacking. such attacks are less frequent but could present significant reputational, legal and regulatory costs to us if successful. we have implemented certain technology protections such as customer profiling and set-up authentication to be in compliance with the ffiec authentication in internet banking environment ("aibe") guidelines.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. system enhancements and updates may also create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. due to the complexity and interconnectedness of information technology systems, the process of enhancing our layers of defense can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. in addition, addressing certain information security vulnerabilities, such as hardware-based vulnerabilities, may affect the performance of our information technology systems. the ability of our hardware and software providers to deliver patches and updates to mitigate vulnerabilities in a timely manner can introduce additional risks, particularly when a vulnerability is being actively exploited by threat actors.
the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or our systems. in the event that a cyber-attack is successful, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. for a discussion of the guidance that federal banking regulators have released regarding cybersecurity and cyber risk management standards, see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
27
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors we rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business.
we rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems, including due to hacking or other similar attempts to breach information technology security protocols, could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. although we have established policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be successful and that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems could require us to devote substantial resources (including management time and attention) to recovery and response efforts, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. although we maintain insurance coverage for information security events, we may incur losses as a result of such events that are not insured against or not fully covered by our insurance.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions and the provision of information technology and business process services. for example, (i) unaffiliated third parties operate data communications networks on which certain components and services relating to our online banking system rely, (ii) third parties host or maintain many of our applications, including our commercial loan system, which is hosted and maintained by automated financial systems, inc., (iii) fidelity national information services, inc. maintains our core deposits system, and (iv) ibm corporation provides us with a wide range of information technology support services, including end user, data center, network, mainframe, storage and database services. the success of our business depends in part on the continuing ability of these (and other) third parties to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner, which performance could be disrupted or otherwise adversely affected due to failures or other information security events originating at the third parties or at the third parties' suppliers or vendors (so-called "fourth party risk"). we may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate fourth-party risk, in particular as it relates to the use of common suppliers or vendors by the third parties that perform functions and services for us. if we experience a disruption in the provision of any functions or services performed by third parties, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us and in reasonable timeframes. if these services are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we would not be able to serve our customers well. in either situation, our business could incur significant costs and be adversely affected.
we are exposed to reputational risk and the risk of damage to our brands and the brands of our affiliates.
our success and results depend, in part, on our reputation and the strength of our brands. we are vulnerable to adverse market perception as we operate in an industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. we are exposed to the risk that litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory or other investigations or actions, press speculation and negative publicity, among other factors, could damage our brands or reputation. our brands and reputation could also be harmed if we sell products or services that do not perform as expected or customers' expectations for the product are not satisfied.
we may be adversely affected by unpredictable catastrophic events or terrorist attacks and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from serious disaster.
the occurrence of catastrophic events such as hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes and other large-scale catastrophes and terrorist attacks could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations if a catastrophe rendered both our production data center in rhode island and our recovery data center in north carolina unusable. although we enhanced our disaster recovery capabilities in 2016 through the completion of the new, out-of-region backup data center in north carolina, there can be no assurance that our current disaster recovery plans and capabilities will adequately protect us from serious disaster.
28
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors an inability to realize the value of our deferred tax assets could adversely affect operating results.
our dtas are subject to an evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that they will be realized for financial statement purposes. in making this determination, we consider all positive and negative evidence available, including the impact of recent operating results, as well as potential carry-back of tax to prior years' taxable income if carry-back is permitted under tax law, reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projected earnings within the statutory tax loss carryover period. we have determined that the dtas are more likely than not to be realized at december 31, 2017 (except for $105 million related to state net operating losses and state tax credits for which a valuation allowance was established). if we were to conclude that a significant portion of the dtas were not more likely than not to be realized, the required valuation allowance could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we maintain a significant investment in projects that generate tax credits, which we may not be able to fully utilize, or, if utilized, may be subject to recapture or restructuring.
at december 31, 2017, we maintained an investment of approximately $1.3 billion in entities for which we receive allocations of tax credits, which we utilize to offset our taxable income. we recognized $120 million in credits for the year ended december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2017, all tax credits have been utilized to offset taxable income. substantially all of these tax credits are related to development projects that are subject to ongoing compliance requirements over certain periods of time to fully realize their value. if these projects are not operated in full compliance with the required terms, the tax credits could be subject to recapture or restructuring. further, we may not be able to utilize any future tax credits. if we are unable to utilize our tax credits or, if our tax credits are subject to recapture or restructuring, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our industry any deterioration in national economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is affected by national economic conditions, as well as perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects. changes in such economic conditions are not predictable and cannot be controlled. adverse economic conditions could require us to charge off a higher percentage of loans and increase the provision for credit losses, which would reduce our net income and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, our business was significantly affected by the global economic and financial crisis that began in 2008. the falling home prices, increased rate of foreclosure and high levels of unemployment in the united states triggered significant write-downs by us and other financial institutions. these write-downs adversely impacted our financial results in material respects. although the u.s. economy continues to recover, an interruption or reversal of this recovery would adversely affect the financial services industry and banking sector.
we operate in an industry that is highly competitive, which could result in losing business or margin declines and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in a highly competitive industry. the industry could become even more competitive as a result of reform of the financial services industry resulting from the dodd-frank act and other legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation. we face aggressive competition from other domestic and foreign lending institutions and from numerous other providers of financial services, including non-banking financial institutions that are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bank holding companies, securities firms and insurance companies, and competitors that may have greater financial resources.
with respect to non-banking financial institutions, technology and other changes have lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. for example, consumers can maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds. consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. the process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as "disintermediation," could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. as a result of these and other sources of
29
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors competition, we could lose business to competitors or be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients, either of which would adversely affect our profitability and business.
the conditions of other financial institutions or of the financial services industry could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions.
financial services institutions are typically interconnected as a result of trading, investment, liquidity management, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. within the financial services industry, the default by any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other institutions, as the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions are closely related as a result of these credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by various institutions. this systemic risk may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis, or key funding providers such as the fhlbs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to regulations governing our industry as a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
as a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the frb. in addition, cbna is subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the occ and cbpa is subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the fdic and the pa banking department. our regulators supervise us through regular examinations and other means that allow the regulators to gauge management's ability to identify, assess and control risk in all areas of operations in a safe and sound manner and to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. in the course of their supervision and examinations, our regulators may require improvements in various areas. if we are unable to implement and maintain any required actions in a timely and effective manner, we could become subject to informal (non-public) or formal (public) supervisory actions and public enforcement orders that could lead to significant restrictions on our existing business or on our ability to engage in any new business. such forms of supervisory action could include, without limitation, written agreements, cease and desist orders, and consent orders and may, among other things, result in restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, requirements to increase capital, restrictions on our activities, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, and enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders. we could also be required to dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period. the terms of any such supervisory or enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are a bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company pursuant to the bank holding company act. financial holding companies are allowed to engage in certain financial activities in which a bank holding company is not otherwise permitted to engage. however, to maintain financial holding company status, a bank holding company (and all of its depository institution subsidiaries) must be "well capitalized" and "well managed." if a bank holding company ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, there are many penalties it would be faced with, including (i) the frb may impose limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities, and (ii) it may not undertake any of the broader financial activities permissible for financial holding companies or acquire a company engaged in such financial activities without prior approval of the frb. if a company does not return to compliance within 180 days, which period may be extended, the frb may require divestiture of that company's depository institutions. to the extent we do not meet the requirements to be a financial holding company in the future, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may be unable to disclose some restrictions or limitations on our operations imposed by our regulators.
from time to time, bank regulatory agencies take supervisory actions that restrict or limit a financial institution's activities and lead it to raise capital or subject it to other requirements. directives issued to enforce such actions may be confidential and thus, in some instances, we are not permitted to publicly disclose these actions. in addition, as part of our regular examination process, our and our banking subsidiaries' respective regulators may advise us or our banking subsidiaries to operate under various restrictions as a prudential matter. any such actions
30
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could adversely affect our costs and revenues. moreover, efforts to comply with any such nonpublic supervisory actions or restrictions may require material investments in additional resources and systems, as well as a significant commitment of managerial time and attention. as a result, such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations; and, in certain instances, we may not be able to publicly disclose these matters.
the regulatory environment in which we operate continues to be subject to significant and evolving regulatory requirements that could have a material adverse effect on our business and earnings.
we are heavily regulated by multiple banking, consumer protection, securities and other regulatory authorities at the federal and state levels. this regulatory oversight is primarily established to protect depositors, the fdic's deposit insurance fund, consumers of financial products, and the financial system as a whole, not security holders. changes to statutes, regulations, rules or policies, including the interpretation, implementation or enforcement of statutes, regulations, rules or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including by, for example, subjecting us to additional costs, limiting the types of financial services and other products we may offer, limiting our ability to pursue acquisitions and increasing the ability of third parties, including non-banks, to offer competing financial services and products. in recent years, we, together with the rest of the financial services industry, have faced particularly intense scrutiny, with many new regulatory initiatives and vigorous oversight and enforcement on the part of numerous regulatory and governmental authorities. legislatures and regulators have pursued a broad array of initiatives intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer and investor protection. certain regulators and law enforcement authorities have also recently required admissions of wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters brought by them against financial institutions. any such resolution of a matter involving us could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to do business or engage in certain activities and could have other negative effects. in addition, a single event or issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, including by multiple federal and state regulators and other governmental authorities.
we are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of our customers, employees, counterparties and others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with those laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and our reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase.
although the current administration and certain members of congress have indicated an intent to pursue reforms to the regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions, the timing, scope and impact of any such changes remains uncertain, and it is possible that no such reforms will be implemented. for more information on the regulations to which we are subject and recent initiatives to reform financial institution regulation, see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
we are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity standards, and if we fail to meet these standards our financial condition and operations would be adversely affected.
we are subject to several capital adequacy and liquidity standards. to the extent that we are unable to meet these standards, our ability to make distributions of capital will be limited and we may be subject to additional supervisory actions and limitations on our activities. see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - capital and regulatory requirements" and "- liquidity" in part ii, item 7, included in this report, for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
we could be required to act as a "source of strength" to our banking subsidiaries, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
frb policy historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. the dodd-frank act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. this support may be required by the frb at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it or when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of cfg or our stockholders or creditors, and may include one or more of the following:
   we may be compelled to contribute capital to our subsidiary banks, including by engaging in a public offering to raise such capital. furthermore, any extensions of credit from us to our banking subsidiaries that are
31
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors included in the relevant bank's capital would be subordinate in right of payment to depositors and certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks.
   in the event of a bank holding company's bankruptcy, any commitment that the bank holding company had been required to make to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment.
   in certain circumstances one of our banking subsidiaries could be assessed for losses incurred by the other. in addition, in the event of impairment of the capital stock of one of our banking subsidiaries, we, as our banking subsidiary's stockholder, could be required to pay such deficiency.
we depend on our banking subsidiaries for most of our revenue, and restrictions on dividends and other distributions by our banking subsidiaries could affect our liquidity and ability to fulfill our obligations.
as a bank holding company, we are a separate and distinct legal entity from our banking subsidiaries: cbna and cbpa. we typically receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from our banking subsidiaries. these dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our equity and interest and principal on our debt. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that our banking subsidiaries may pay to us. also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. in the event cbna or cpba is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on our common stock. the inability to receive dividends from cbna or cpba could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. see "supervision and regulation" in part i, item 1 - business, and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - capital and regulatory matters" in part ii, item 7, included in this report.
from time-to-time, we may become or are subject to regulatory actions that may have a material impact on our business.
we may become or are involved, from time to time, in reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business. these regulatory actions involve, among other matters, accounting, compliance and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief that may require changes to our business or otherwise materially impact our business.
in regulatory actions, such as those referred to above, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or whether it is possible to reasonably estimate the amount of any loss. we cannot predict with certainty if, how or when such proceedings will be resolved or what the eventual fine, penalty or other relief, conditions or restrictions, if any, may be, particularly for actions that are in their early stages of investigation. we may be required to make significant restitution payments to our banking subsidiaries' customers arising from certain compliance issues and also may be required to pay civil money penalties in connection with certain of these issues. this uncertainty makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which, in turn, can lead to substantial disparities between the reserves we may establish for such proceedings and the eventual settlements, fines, or penalties. adverse regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are and may be subject to litigation that may have a material impact on our business.
our operations are diverse and complex and we operate in legal and regulatory environments that expose us to potentially significant litigation risk. in the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a financial services institution, including with respect to alleged unfair or deceptive business practices and mis-selling of certain products. certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. in some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or in financial distress. moreover, a number of recent judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed "lender liability." generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. this could increase the amount of
32
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors private litigation to which we are subject. for more information regarding ongoing significant legal proceedings in which we may be involved, see note 18 "commitments and contingencies" to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involve significant cost and effort.
we are subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism. monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical challenges. although we believe our current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and regulations, we cannot guarantee that our anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures completely prevent situations of money laundering or terrorism financing. any such failure events may have severe consequences, including sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we may become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and activity restrictions, or have to restructure, if the frb and fdic jointly determine that our resolution plan is not credible.
current frb and fdic regulations require bank holding companies with more than $50 billion in assets to submit resolution plans that, in the event of material financial distress or failure, establish the rapid, orderly and systemically safe liquidation of the company under the u.s. bankruptcy code. separately, insured depository institutions with more than $50 billion in assets must submit to the fdic a resolution plan whereby they can be resolved in a manner that is orderly and that ensures that depositors will receive access to insured funds within certain required timeframes. if the frb and the fdic jointly determine that the resolution plan of a bank holding company is not credible, and the company fails to cure the deficiencies in a timely manner, then the frb and the fdic may jointly impose on the company, or on any of its subsidiaries, more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations, or require the divestment of certain assets or operations. if the frb and the fdic jointly determine that our resolution plan is not credible or would not facilitate our orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code, we could become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements or business restrictions, or have to divest certain of our assets or businesses. any such measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks related to our common stock our stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result.
you should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuation in the market value of your investment. the market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the factors described in this "risk factors" section, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. these factors include:
   quarterly variations in our results of operations or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;
   changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
   our announcements or our competitors' announcements regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;
   fluctuations in the market valuations of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;
   future sales of our common stock;
   additions or departures of members of our senior management or other key personnel;
   changes in industry conditions or perceptions; and
   changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations and other dynamics.
furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market price of equity securities of many companies. these fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.
33
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors these broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, systemic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, loss of investor confidence, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
if any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to securities class action litigation that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.
we may not repurchase shares or pay cash dividends on our common stock.
holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. this could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. also, as a bank holding company, our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the rules of the frb regarding capital adequacy and dividends. additionally, we are required to submit annual capital plans to the frb for review before we can take certain capital actions, including repurchasing shares, declaring and paying dividends, or repurchasing or redeeming capital securities. if our capital plan or any amendment to our capital plan is objected to for any reason, our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited. further, if we are unable to satisfy the capital requirements applicable to us for any reason, we may be limited in our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends on our capital stock. see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report, for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
"anti-takeover" provisions and the regulations to which we are subject may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial to stockholders.
we are a bank holding company incorporated in the state of delaware. anti-takeover provisions in delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as regulatory approvals that would be required under federal law, could make it more difficult for a third party to take control of us and may prevent stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock. these provisions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could reduce the amount that stockholders might get if we are sold.
we believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board and by providing our board with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be determined to be beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board determines is not in our best interest and that of our stockholders.
furthermore, banking laws impose notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an fdic-insured depository institution. these laws include the bank holding company act and the change in bank control act.
34
citizens financial group, inc.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page introduction                                                                     41
financial performance                                                            43
key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations         45
results of operations - 2017 compared with 2016                                  51
2017 vs. 2016                                                                    51
net income                                                                       52
net interest income                                                              53
noninterest income                                                               56
provision for credit losses                                                      56
noninterest expense                                                              56
income tax expense                                                               57
business operating segments                                                      58
results of operations - 2016 compared with 2015                                  62
net income                                                                       62
net interest income                                                              63
noninterest income                                                               66
provision for credit losses                                                      66
noninterest expense                                                              66
income tax expense                                                               67
business operating segments                                                      67
analysis of financial condition                                                  71
securities                                                                       71
loans and leases                                                                 72
non-core assets                                                                  74
allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets                             75
derivatives                                                                      84
deposits                                                                         86
borrowed funds                                                                   86
quarterly results of operations                                                  89
capital and regulatory matters                                                   91
liquidity                                                                        96
contractual obligations                                                         100
off-balance sheet arrangements                                                  100
critical accounting estimates                                                   101
risk governance                                                                 104
market risk                                                                     107
40
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis introduction citizens financial group, inc. is one of the nation's oldest and largest financial institutions with $152.3 billion in assets as of december 31, 2017. our mission is to help our customers, colleagues and communities reach their potential. headquartered in providence, rhode island, we offer a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. we help our customers reach their potential by listening to them and by understanding their needs in order to offer tailored advice, ideas and solutions. in consumer banking, we provide an integrated experience that includes mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 3,300 atms and 1,150 branches in 11 states in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions. consumer banking products and services include a full range of banking, lending, savings, wealth management and small business offerings. in commercial banking, we offer corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest rate products, and asset finance. more information is available at www.citizensbank.com.
the following md&a is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and supplemental financial information. it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k, as well as other information contained in this document.
key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures as a banking institution, we manage and evaluate various aspects of our results of operations and our financial condition. we evaluate the levels and trends of the line items included in our balance sheet and statement of operations, as well as various financial ratios that are commonly used in our industry. we analyze these ratios and financial trends against our own historical performance, our budgeted performance and the financial condition and performance of comparable banking institutions in our region and nationally.
the primary line items we use in our key performance metrics to manage and evaluate our statement of operations include net interest income, noninterest income, total revenue, provision for credit losses, noninterest expense, net income and net income available to common stockholders. the primary line items we use in our key performance metrics to manage and evaluate our balance sheet data include loans and leases, securities, allowance for credit losses, deposits, borrowed funds and derivatives.
in first quarter 2017, certain prior period noninterest income amounts reported in the consolidated statement of operations were reclassified to enhance transparency and provide additional granularity, particularly with regard to fee income related to customer activity. additionally, student loans were renamed "education" loans to more closely align with the full range of services offered to borrowers, from loan origination to refinancing. these changes had no effect on net income, total comprehensive income, total assets or total stockholders' equity as previously reported.
we consider various measures when evaluating our performance and making day-to-day operating decisions, as well as evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
   return on average common equity, which we define as net income available to common stockholders divided by average common equity;
   return on average tangible common equity, which we define as net income available to common stockholders divided by average common equity excluding average goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability) and average other intangibles;
   return on average total assets, which we define as net income divided by average total assets;
   return on average total tangible assets, which we define as net income divided by average total assets excluding average goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability) and average other intangibles;
   efficiency ratio, which we define as the ratio of our total noninterest expense to the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income. we measure our efficiency ratio to evaluate the efficiency of our operations as it helps us monitor how costs are changing compared to our income. a decrease in our efficiency ratio represents improvement;
   operating leverage, which we define as the percent change in total revenue, less the percent change in noninterest expense;
41
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis
   net interest margin, which we calculate by dividing net interest income for the period by average total interest-earning assets, is a key measure that we use to evaluate our net interest income; and
   common equity tier 1 capital ratio (u.s. basel iii standardized fully phased-in basis), represents cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
"adjusted", "underlying" or "adjusted/underlying" results, which are non-gaap measures, exclude certain items, as applicable, that may occur in a reporting period which management does not consider indicative of on-going financial performance.
we believe these non-gaap measures provide useful information to investors because these are among the measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions. in addition, we believe our "adjusted", "underlying" or "adjusted/underlying" results in any period reflect our operational performance in that period and, accordingly, it is useful to consider our gaap results and our "adjusted", "underlying" or "adjusted/underlying" results together. we believe this presentation also increases comparability of period-to-period results.
other companies may use similarly titled non-gaap financial measures that are calculated differently from the way we calculate such measures. accordingly, our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. we caution investors not to place undue reliance on such non-gaap measures, but instead to consider them with the most directly comparable gaap measure. non-gaap financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results as reported under gaap.
non-gaap measures are denoted throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" by the use of the term "adjusted", "underlying" or "adjusted/underlying" and/or are followed by an asterisk (*).
for additional information regarding our non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations, see "-key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations," included in this report.
42
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis financial performance
2017 compared with 2016 - key highlights
2017 net income of $1.7 billion increased 58% from $1.0 billion in 2016, with earnings per diluted common share of $3.25, up 65% from $1.97 per diluted common share for 2016. 2017 results include $340 million, or $0.67 per diluted common share, after-tax benefit related to notable items compared with an after-tax benefit of $19 million in 2016 as outlined in the tables below. 2017 rotce of 12.3% improved from 7.7% in 2016.*
the following table presents selected gaap and non-gaap measures:*
year ended december 31, 2017
(in millions)                                  noninterest income             noninterest expense            credit-related costs                 income tax expense               net income reported results (gaap)                                 $1,534                         $3,474                         $321                             $260                      $1,652
less: notable items
2017 tax legislation:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                 -                              -                              -                                         (331   )                     331
colleague and community reinvestment           -                                           22                -                                           (9   )                     (13   )
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction   17                             -                              -                          7                                            10
home equity operational items                  -                                            3                -                                           (1   )                      (2   )
top iv efficiency initiatives                  -                                           15                -                                           (6   )                      (9   )
settlement of certain tax matters              -                              -                              -                                          (23   )                      23
lease impairment credit-related costs          (11               )                         15                (26               )                          -                           -
total notable items                                     $6                                $55                         ($26     )                      ($363   )                    $340
underlying results (non-gaap)                           $1,528                         $3,419                         $347                             $623                      $1,312
* after-tax notable items excluded from "underlying" results reflect a fourth quarter 2017 $10 million gain on a tdr portfolio sale offset by $11 million of other notable items ("tdr transaction ii") and a $331 million benefit relating to the december 2017 tax legislation, partially offset by $13 million of other notable items. "underlying" results, as applicable, also exclude a first quarter 2017 $23 million benefit related to the settlement of certain state tax matters and reclassify second quarter 2017 results for the pre-tax impact of $26 million of lease asset impairments to reflect their credit-related impact. third quarter 2016 after-tax notable items excluded from our "adjusted" results reflect a $19 million gain on an tdr portfolio sale less other notable items ("tdr transaction"). where there is a reference to "adjusted", "underlying" and/or "adjusted/underlying" results in a paragraph, all measures that follow these references are on the same basis when applicable. for more information on the computation of key performance metrics and non-gaap financial measures, see "-introduction - key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures" and "-key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations."
year ended december 31, 2016
(in millions)                                  noninterest income                  noninterest expense       credit-related costs                 income tax expense               net income reported results (gaap)                                 $1,497                         $3,352                         $369                             $489                      $1,045
less: notable items gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction   72                                           -                -                                           27                          45
home equity operational items                  -                                            8                -                                           (3   )                      (5   )
asset finance repositioning                    (5                )                         11                -                                           (6   )                     (10   )
top iii efficiency initiatives                 -                                           17                -                                           (6   )                     (11   )
total notable items                            67                                          36                -                                           12                          19
adjusted results (non-gaap)                             $1,430                         $3,316                         $369                             $477                      $1,026
   2017 results reflected a 59% increase in net income available to common stockholders, which included the impact of the 2017 tax legislation and other notable items as well as the 2016 tdr transaction.
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* net income of $1.3 billion increased 28%, earnings per diluted common share of $2.58 was up 34%, and rotce of 10% improved by 219 basis points. adjusted/underlying results exclude a net $340 million after-tax benefit related to notable items in 2017 compared with a net $19 million after-tax benefit in 2016.
43
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis
   adjusted/underlying net income available to common stockholders* increased 28% led by revenue growth of 10%, with an 11% increase in net interest income and a 7% increase in noninterest income. net interest income reflects a 6% increase in average loan growth and a 16 basis points improvement in net interest margin.
   results for 2017 included a $26 million pre-tax impact related to impairments on aircraft lease assets, which largely related to a non-core runoff portfolio, and reduced noninterest income by $11 million and increased noninterest expense by $15 million. the lease impairments, in addition to provision expense of $321 million, resulted in total credit-related costs of $347 million.*
   continued strong focus on top-line growth and expense management helped drive positive operating leverage of 5% and led to a 2.9% improvement in the efficiency ratio from 63.8% to 60.9%.
   before the impact of notable items, adjusted/underlying* operating leverage was 7% and the efficiency ratio improved 4% from 63.9% to 60.0%.
   fully diluted average common shares outstanding decreased by 20 million.
44
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconcilations for more information on the computation of key performance metrics and non-gaap financial measures, see "-introduction- key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures," included in this report. the following table presents computations of key performance metrics used throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)              ref.                       2017                         2016                         2015
total revenue (gaap)                                               a                   $5,707                       $5,255                       $4,824
noninterest expense (gaap)                                         b                    3,474                        3,352                        3,259
net income (gaap)                                                  c                    1,652                        1,045                          840
net income available to common stockholders (gaap)                 d                    1,638                        1,031                          833
return on average common equity:
average common equity (gaap)                                       e                  $19,618                      $19,698                      $19,354
return on average common equity                                    d/e                   8.35    %                    5.23    %                    4.30    %
return on average tangible common equity:
average common equity (gaap)                                       e                  $19,618                      $19,698                      $19,354
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                           6,883                        6,876                        6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                             2                                                     2                            4
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)   534                                                 502                          445
average tangible common equity                                     f                  $13,267                      $13,322                      $12,919
return on average tangible common equity                           d/f                  12.35    %                    7.74    %                    6.45    %
return on average total assets:
average total assets (gaap)                                        g                 $149,953                     $143,183                     $135,070
return on average total assets                                     c/g                   1.10    %                    0.73    %                    0.62    %
return on average total tangible assets:
average total assets (gaap)                                        g                 $149,953                     $143,183                     $135,070
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                           6,883                        6,876                        6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                             2                                                     2                            4
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)   534                                                 502                          445
average tangible assets                                            h                 $143,602                     $136,807                     $128,635
return on average total tangible assets                            c/h                   1.15    %                    0.76    %                    0.65    %
efficiency ratio:
efficiency ratio                                                   b/a                  60.87    %                   63.80    %                   67.56    %
operating leverage:
increase (decrease) in total revenue                               8.61                          %                    8.93    %                   (3.11   %)
increase (decrease) in noninterest expense                         3.63                                               2.85                        (3.92    )
operating leverage                                                 4.98                          %                    6.08    %                    0.81    %
effective income tax rate:
income before income tax expense                                   i                   $1,912                       $1,534                       $1,263
income tax expense                                                 j                      260                          489                          423
effective income tax rate                                          j/i                  13.62    %                   31.88    %                   33.52    %
net income per average common share - basic and diluted:
average common shares outstanding - basic (gaap)                   k              502,157,440                  522,093,545                  535,599,731
average common shares outstanding - diluted (gaap)                 l              503,685,091                  523,930,718                  538,220,898
net income per average common share - basic (gaap)                 d/k                  $3.26                        $1.97                        $1.55
net income per average common share - diluted (gaap)               d/l                   3.25                         1.97                         1.55
dividend payout ratio:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                  m                    $0.64                        $0.46                        $0.40
dividend payout ratio                                              m/(d/k)                 20    %                      23    %                      26    %
45
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of and for the year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                                                                2016                                                                                        2015
(in millions, except ratio data)                                   ref.   consumer              commercial                       other             consolidated                  consumer            commercial              other             consolidated                  consumer            commercial              other             consolidated banking (1)           banking (1)                                                                   banking (1)           banking (1)                                                           banking (1)           banking (1)
net income available to common stockholders:
net income (loss) (gaap)                                           n               $452                  $774                 $426                $1,652                       $345                  $631                  $69                $1,045                       $262                  $579                  ($1   )              $840
less: preferred stock dividends                                           -                     -                               14                    14                          -                     -                   14                    14                          -                     -                    7                     7
net income (loss) available to common stockholders                 o               $452                  $774                 $412                $1,638                       $345                  $631                  $55                $1,031                       $262                  $579                  ($8   )              $833
efficiency ratio:
total revenue (gaap)                                               p             $3,556                $1,949                 $202                $5,707                     $3,326                $1,754                 $175                $5,255                     $3,108                $1,577                 $139                $4,824
noninterest expense (gaap)                                         q      2,593                           772                  109                 3,474                      2,547                   741                   64                 3,352                      2,456                   709                   94                 3,259
efficiency ratio                                                   q/p    72.93             %   39.62             %             nm                 60.87      %               76.57     %           42.26     %             nm                 63.80      %               79.02     %           44.94     %             nm                 67.56      %
return on average total tangible assets:
average total assets (gaap)                                                     $59,714               $49,747              $40,492              $149,953                    $56,388               $47,159              $39,636              $143,183                    $52,848               $42,800              $39,422              $135,070
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                             -                     -                            6,883                 6,883                          -                     -                6,876                 6,876                          -                     -                6,876                 6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                    -                     -                                2                     2                          -                     -                    2                     2                          -                     -                    4                     4
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)          -                     -                              534                   534                          -                     -                  502                   502                          -                     -                  445                   445
average total tangible assets                                      r            $59,714               $49,747              $34,141              $143,602                    $56,388               $47,159              $33,260              $136,807                    $52,848               $42,800              $32,987              $128,635
return on average total tangible assets                            n/r    0.76              %   1.56              %             nm                  1.15      %                0.61     %            1.34     %             nm                  0.76      %                0.50     %            1.35     %             nm                  0.65      %
return on average tangible common equity:
average common equity (gaap)(1)                                                  $5,538                $5,647               $8,433               $19,618                     $5,166                $5,071               $9,461               $19,698                     $4,739                $4,666               $9,949               $19,354
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                             -                     -                            6,883                 6,883                          -                     -                6,876                 6,876                          -                     -                6,876                 6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                    -                     -                                2                     2                          -                     -                    2                     2                          -                     -                    4                     4
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)          -                     -                              534                   534                          -                     -                  502                   502                          -                     -                  445                   445
average tangible common equity(1)                                  s             $5,538                $5,647               $2,082               $13,267                     $5,166                $5,071               $3,085               $13,322                     $4,739                $4,666               $3,514               $12,919
return on average tangible common equity(1)                        o/s    8.17              %   13.70             %             nm                 12.35      %                6.68     %           12.44     %             nm                  7.74      %                5.53     %           12.41     %             nm                  6.45      %
(1) business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for common equity tier 1 and then allocate that approximation to the business operating segments based on economic capital.
46
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents computations for non-gaap financial measures representing our "adjusted/underlying" results used throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)        ref.              2017                          2016                          2015
noninterest income, adjusted/underlying:
noninterest income (gaap)                                                $1,534                        $1,497                        $1,422
less: notable items gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                 17                                            72                             -
lease impairment credit-related costs                                       (11   )                         -                             -
asset finance repositioning                                                   -                            (5   )                         -
noninterest income, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                       $1,528                        $1,430                        $1,422
total revenue, adjusted/underlying:
total revenue (gaap)                                         a           $5,707                        $5,255                        $4,824
less: notable items gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                 17                                            72                             -
lease impairment credit-related costs                                       (11   )                         -                             -
asset finance repositioning                                                   -                            (5   )                         -
total revenue, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                t           $5,701                        $5,188                        $4,824
noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying:
noninterest expense (gaap)                                   b           $3,474                        $3,352                        $3,259
less: restructuring charges                                                   -                             -                            26
less: special items regulatory charges                                                            -                             -                             2
separation/ipo related                                                        -                             -                            22
less: notable items
2017 tax legislation:
colleague and community reinvestment                         22                                             -                             -
home equity operational items                                3                                              8                             -
top efficiency initiatives                                   15                                            17                             -
lease impairment credit-related costs                        15                                             -                             -
asset finance repositioning                                                   -                            11                             -
noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)          u           $3,419                        $3,316                        $3,209
pre-provision profit, adjusted/underlying:
total revenue, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                t           $5,701                        $5,188                        $4,824
noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)          u            3,419                         3,316                         3,209
pre-provision profit, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                     $2,282                        $1,872                        $1,615
total credit-related costs, adjusted/underlying:
provision for credit losses (gaap)                                         $321                          $369                          $302
add: lease impairment credit-related costs                   26                                             -                             -
total credit-related costs, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                 $347                          $369                          $302
47
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)                    ref.              2017                         2016                         2015
income before income tax expense, adjusted/underlying:
income before income tax expense (gaap)                                  i           $1,912                       $1,534                       $1,263
less: restructuring charges                                                               -                            -                          (26   )
less: special items regulatory charges                                                                        -                            -                           (2   )
separation/ipo related                                                                    -                            -                          (22   )
less: notable items
2017 tax legislation:
colleague and community reinvestment                                                    (22   )                        -                            -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                             17                                           72                            -
home equity operational items                                                            (3   )                       (8   )                        -
top efficiency initiatives                                                              (15   )                      (17   )                        -
asset finance repositioning                                                               -                          (16   )                        -
income before income tax expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)         v           $1,935                       $1,503                       $1,313
income tax expense and effective income tax rate, adjusted/underlying:
income tax expense (gaap)                                                j             $260                         $489                         $423
less: restructuring charges                                                               -                            -                          (10   )
less: special items regulatory charges                                                                        -                            -                           (1   )
separation/ipo related                                                                    -                            -                           (8   )
less: notable items
2017 tax legislation:
tax legislation deferred tax liability adjustment                                      (331   )                        -                            -
colleague and community reinvestment                                                     (9   )                        -                            -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                             7                                            27                            -
home equity operational items                                                            (1   )                       (3   )                        -
top efficiency initiatives                                                               (6   )                       (6   )                        -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                       (23   )                        -                            -
asset finance repositioning                                                               -                           (6   )                        -
income tax expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                       w             $623                         $477                         $442
effective income tax rate (gaap)                                         j/i          13.62   %                    31.88   %                    33.52   %
effective income tax rate, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                w/v          32.20                        31.74                        33.67
net income, adjusted/underlying:
net income (gaap)                                                        c           $1,652                       $1,045                         $840
add: restructuring charges, net of tax expense                                            -                            -                           16
add: special items, net of tax expense regulatory charges                                                                        -                            -                            1
separation/ipo related                                                                    -                            -                           14
add: notable items, net of tax expense
2017 tax legislation:
tax legislation deferred tax liability adjustment                                      (331   )                        -                            -
colleague and community reinvestment                                     13                                            -                            -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                            (10   )                      (45   )                        -
home equity operational items                                            2                                             5                            -
top efficiency initiatives                                               9                                            11                            -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                       (23   )                        -                            -
asset finance repositioning                                                               -                           10                            -
net income, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                               x           $1,312                       $1,026                         $871
48
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)                                                       ref.                2017                             2016                             2015
net income available to common stockholders, adjusted/underlying:
net income available to common stockholders (gaap)                                                          d             $1,638                           $1,031                            $833
add: restructuring charges, net of tax expense                                                                                 -                                -                              16
add: special items, net of tax expense regulatory charges                                                                                                             -                                -                               1
separation/ipo related                                                                                                         -                                -                              14
add: notable items, net of tax expense
2017 tax legislation:
tax legislation deferred tax liability adjustment                                                                           (331   )                            -                               -
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                        13                                                  -                               -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                                                 (10   )                          (45   )                           -
home equity operational items                                                                               2                                                   5                               -
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                  9                                                  11                               -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                                            (23   )                            -                               -
asset finance repositioning                                                                                                    -                               10                               -
net income available to common stockholders, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                 y             $1,298                           $1,012                            $864
return on average common equity and return on average common equity, adjusted/underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                                e            $19,618                          $19,698                         $19,354
return on average common equity                                                                             d/e             8.35   %                         5.23   %                        4.30    %
return on average common equity, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                             y/e             6.62                             5.14                            4.46
return on average tangible common equity and return on average common equity, adjusted/underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                                e            $19,618                          $19,698                         $19,354
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                              6,883                            6,876                           6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                      2                                                   2                               4
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                            534                                               502                             445
average tangible common equity                                                                              f            $13,267                          $13,322                         $12,919
return on average tangible common equity                                                                    d/f            12.35   %                         7.74   %                        6.45    %
return on average tangible common equity, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                    y/f             9.79                             7.60                            6.69
return on average total assets and return on average total assets, adjusted/underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                 g           $149,953           $-            $143,183                        $135,070
return on average total assets                                                                              c/g             1.10   %                         0.73   %                        0.62    %
return on average total assets, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                              x/g             0.88                             0.72                            0.64
return on average total tangible assets and return on average total tangible assets, adjusted/underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                 g           $149,953                         $143,183                        $135,070
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                              6,883                            6,876                           6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                      2                                                   2                               4
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                            534                                               502                             445
average tangible assets                                                                                     h           $143,602                         $136,807                        $128,635
return on average total tangible assets                                                                     c/h             1.15   %                         0.76   %                        0.65    %
return on average total tangible assets, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                     x/h             0.91                             0.75                            0.68
efficiency ratio and efficiency ratio, adjusted/underlying:
efficiency ratio                                                                                            b/a            60.87   %                        63.80   %                       67.56    %
efficiency ratio, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                            u/t            59.96                            63.92                           66.52
operating leverage and operating leverage, adjusted/underlying:
increase (decrease) in total revenue                                                                        8.61                   %                         8.93   %                       (3.11   %)
increase (decrease) in noninterest expense                                                                  3.63                                             2.85                           (3.92    )
operating leverage                                                                                          4.98                   %                         6.08   %                        0.81    %
increase in total revenue, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                   9.90                   %                         7.55   %                        2.84    %
increase (decrease) in noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                  3.10                                             3.33                           (0.43    )
operating leverage, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                          6.80                   %                         4.22   %                        3.27    %
49
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)                                   ref.                   2017                             2016                              2015
net income per average common share - basic and diluted, adjusted/underlying:
average common shares outstanding - basic (gaap)                                        k           502,157,440                      522,093,545                       535,599,731
average common shares outstanding - diluted (gaap)                                      l           503,685,091                      523,930,718                       538,220,898
net income per average common share - basic (gaap)                                      d/k               $3.26           $-               $1.97           $-                $1.55
net income per average common share - diluted (gaap)                                    d/l                3.25            -                1.97            -                 1.55
net income per average common share-basic, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)               y/k                2.59                             1.94                              1.61
net income per average common share-diluted, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)             y/l                2.58                             1.93                              1.61
dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio, adjusted/underlying:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                                       m                 $0.64                            $0.46                             $0.40
dividend payout ratio                                                                   m/(d/k)              20   %                           23   %                            26   %
dividend payout ratio, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                   m/(y/k)              25                               24                                25
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - basic:
restructuring charges                                                                                        $-                               $-                            ($0.03   )
special items: separation/ipo related                                                                         -                                -                             (0.03   )
notable items:
2017 tax legislation:
tax legislation deferred tax liability adjustment                                       0.66                                                   -                                 -
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                      (0.03   )                            -                                 -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                            0.02                                                0.08                                 -
home equity operational items                                                                                 -                            (0.01   )                             -
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                (0.02   )                        (0.02   )                             -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                       0.04                                                   -                                 -
asset finance repositioning                                                                                   -                            (0.02   )                             -
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - basic                        $0.67                            $0.03                            ($0.06   )
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - diluted:
restructuring charges                                                                                        $-                               $-                            ($0.03   )
special items: separation/ipo related                                                                         -                                -                             (0.03   )
notable items:
2017 tax legislation:
tax legislation deferred tax liability adjustment                                       0.66                                                   -                                 -
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                      (0.03   )                            -                                 -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                            0.02                                                0.09                                 -
home equity operational items                                                                                 -                            (0.01   )                             -
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                (0.02   )                        (0.02   )                             -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                       0.04                                                   -                                 -
asset finance repositioning                                                                                   -                            (0.02   )                             -
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - diluted                      $0.67                            $0.04                            ($0.06   )
50
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis results of operations - 2017 compared with 2016
year ended 2017 vs. year ended 2016
   net income of $1.7 billion increased $607 million compared to $1.0 billion in 2016. net income available to common stockholders of $1.6 billion increased $607 million, or 59% from 2016 reflecting 9% revenue growth, partially offset by 4% growth in noninterest expense.
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* excluding the $340 million after tax benefit related to notable items in 2017 and the $19 million after-tax benefit related to the 2016 tdr transaction, net income increased 28% from $1.0 billion in 2016 driven by an 11% increase in net interest income and 7% growth in noninterest income drove a 10% increase in revenue.
   net income per average common share was $3.25, diluted, compared to $1.97 in 2016:
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* net income per average common share increased 34% to $2.58, diluted, compared to $1.93 in 2016.
   total revenue of $5.7 billion increased $452 million, or 9%. adjusted/underlying revenue growth* of $513 million, or 10%, was driven by an 11% increase in net interest income and a 7% increase in noninterest income.
   net interest income results reflect 6% average loan growth and a 16 basis point improvement in net interest margin.
   noninterest expense of $3.5 billion increased 4%, driven by the impact of notable items. on an adjusted/underlying basis,* noninterest expense increased 3%.
   noninterest income of $1.5 billion increased $37 million, or 2%, from 2016, largely driven by strength in capital markets fees, card fees, trust and investment services fees, letter of credit and loan fees and foreign exchange and interest rate products.
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* excluding the $6 million of notable items in 2017 and the $67 million net impact related to notable items in 2016, noninterest income increased $98 million, or 7%, from 2016.
   noninterest expense of $3.5 billion, which included the $55 million impact of 2017 notable items, increased $122 million, or 4%, compared to $3.4 billion in 2016. results also reflected higher salaries and employee benefits, outside services, occupancy expense, amortization of software and other operating expense.
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* excluding the $55 million impact related to notable items in 2017 and the $36 million impact related to notable items in 2016, noninterest expense increased $103 million, or 3%, from 2016.
   provision for credit losses of $321 million decreased $48 million, or 13%, from $369 million in 2016.
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* total credit-related costs of $347 million, including the $26 million impact of lease impairments, were down $22 million, or 6% from 2016.
   net charge-offs of $305 million decreased $30 million, or 9%, from $335 million in 2016. the alll of $1.2 billion remained flat compared to december 31, 2016. alll to total loans and leases was 1.12% as of december 31, 2017, compared with 1.15% as of december 31, 2016. alll to nonperforming loans and leases ratio was 142% as of december 31, 2017, compared with 118% as of december 31, 2016.
   return on average common equity was 8.3% compared to 5.2% for 2016.
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* return on average common equity of 6.6% increased 148 basis points from 5.1% for 2016.
   return on average tangible common equity was 12.3% compared to 7.7% for 2016 due to higher net income, the 2017 tax legislation and share repurchases.*
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* return on average tangible common equity of 9.8% increased 219 basis points from 7.6% for 2016.
   average loans and leases of $109.3 billion increased $5.9 billion, or 6%, from $103.4 billion in 2016, driven by a $3.0 billion increase in commercial loans and leases and a $2.9 billion increase in retail loans.
51
   average deposits of $111.9 billion increased $6.4 billion, or 6%, from $105.4 billion in 2016, driven by strength in checking with interest, term, money market and savings.
   for 2017, the effective income tax rate decreased from 31.9% to 13.6%, driven by the $331 million after-tax benefit for the revaluation of our net deferred tax liability tied to the december 2017 tax legislation.
   on an adjusted/underlying basis,* the effective income tax rate increased from 31.7% to 32.2%
net income net income totaled $1.7 billion, reflecting an increase of $607 million, or 58%, from $1.0 billion in 2016. the following table presents the significant components of our net income:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                 2017                       2016                      change         percent operating data:
net interest income                                 $4,173                     $3,758                  $415              11     %
noninterest income                                   1,534                      1,497                    37               2
total revenue                                        5,707                      5,255                   452               9
provision for credit losses                            321                        369                   (48     )       (13     )
noninterest expense                                  3,474                      3,352                   122               4
income before income tax expense                     1,912                      1,534                   378              25
income tax expense                                     260                        489                  (229     )       (47     )
net income                                          $1,652                     $1,045                  $607              58     %
net income available to common stockholders         $1,638                     $1,031                  $607              59     %
return on average tangible common equity             12.35     %                 7.74     %             461   bps return on equity and assets the following table presents our return on average total assets, return on average common equity, dividend payout ratio and average equity to average assets ratio:
december 31,
2017                                                     2016
return on average total assets            1.10   %       0.73    %
return on average common equity           8.35           5.23
dividend payout ratio                    19.62          23.30
average equity to average assets ratio   13.25          13.93
52
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest income the following table presents the major components of net interest income and net interest margin:
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                         2016                                change
(dollars in millions)                                                                     averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates                averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates              averagebalances   yields/rates assets interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                             $1,807                     $18            0.96        %                 $1,931                      $8            0.41        %                ($124       )         55 bps taxable investment securities                                                              25,696                     625            2.43                          24,643                     584            2.37                         1,053                      6
non-taxable investment securities                                                               7                       -            2.60                               8                       -            2.60                            (1       )              -
total investment securities                                                                25,703                     625            2.43                          24,651                     584            2.37                         1,052                      6
commercial                                                                                 37,631                   1,334            3.50                          35,652                   1,136            3.13                         1,979                     37
commercial real estate                                                                     11,178                     402            3.55                           9,741                     278            2.81                         1,437                     74
leases                                                                                      3,437                      86            2.50                           3,841                      93            2.41                          (404       )              9
total commercial loans and leases                                                          52,246                   1,822            3.44                          49,234                   1,507            3.01                         3,012                     43
residential mortgages                                                                      16,017                     571            3.57                          14,005                     504            3.60                         2,012                    (3)
home equity loans                                                                           1,610                      91            5.68                           2,180                     123            5.64                          (570       )              4
home equity lines of credit                                                                13,706                     514            3.75                          14,402                     457            3.18                          (696       )             57
home equity loans serviced by others                                                          642                      46            7.09                             867                      62            7.11                          (225       )            (2)
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                                181                       7            4.07                             281                       7            2.41                          (100       )            166
automobile                                                                                 13,491                     442            3.27                          13,953                     411            2.94                          (462       )             33
education(1)                                                                                7,557                     403            5.33                           5,558                     282            5.08                         1,999                     25
credit cards                                                                                1,725                     185           10.75                           1,620                     181           11.22                           105                   (47)
other retail                                                                                2,117                     168            7.94                           1,288                     119            9.23                           829                  (129)
total retail loans                                                                         57,046                   2,427            4.25                          54,154                   2,146            3.96                         2,892                     29
total loans and leases (2)                                                                109,292                   4,249            3.87                         103,388                   3,653            3.51                         5,904                     36
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                            490                      18            3.58                             425                      15            3.40                            65                     18
other loans held for sale                                                                     190                      10            5.36                             141                       6            4.55                            49                     81
interest-earning assets                                                                   137,482                   4,920            3.56                         130,536                   4,266            3.25                         6,946                     31
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                        (1,225       )                                                          (1,227       )                                                             2
goodwill                                                                                    6,883                                                                   6,876                                                                     7
other noninterest-earning assets                                                            6,813                                                                   6,998                                                                  (185       )
total noninterest-earning assets                                                           12,471                                                                  12,647                                                                  (176       )
total assets                                                                             $149,953                                                                $143,183                                                                $6,770
liabilities and stockholders' equity checking with interest                                                                    $21,458                     $79            0.37        %                $19,320                     $34            0.18        %               $2,138                 19 bps money market accounts                                                                      37,450                     198            0.53                          37,106                     133            0.36                           344                     17
regular savings                                                                             9,384                       4            0.04                           8,691                       4            0.04                           693                      -
term deposits                                                                              15,448                     160            1.04                          12,696                      99            0.78                         2,752                     26
total interest-bearing deposits                                                            83,740                     441            0.53                          77,813                     270            0.35                         5,927                     18
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (3)                776                       3            0.38                             947                       2            0.22                          (171       )             16
other short-term borrowed funds                                                             2,321                      31            1.32                           3,207                      40            1.22                          (886       )             10
long-term borrowed funds                                                                   12,479                     272            2.17                          10,472                     196            1.86                         2,007                     31
total borrowed funds                                                                       15,576                     306            1.96                          14,626                     238            1.62                           950                     34
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                         99,316                     747            0.75                          92,439                     508            0.55                         6,877                     20
demand deposits                                                                            28,134                                                                  27,634                                                                   500
other liabilities                                                                           2,637                                                                   3,165                                                                  (528       )
total liabilities                                                                         130,087                                                                 123,238                                                                 6,849
stockholders' equity                                                                       19,866                                                                  19,945                                                                   (79       )
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                               $149,953                                                                $143,183                                                                $6,770
interest rate spread                                                                                                                 2.81        %                                                           2.70        %                                          11
net interest income                                                                                                $4,173                                                                  $3,758
net interest margin                                                                                                                  3.02        %                                                           2.86        %                                      16 bps memo: total deposits (interest-bearing and demand)                                       $111,874                    $441            0.39        %               $105,447                    $270            0.26        %               $6,427                 13 bps
(1) during first quarter 2017, student loans were renamed "education" loans. for further information see note 1 "basis of presentation" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
(2) interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. additionally, $970 million and $1.1 billion of average nonaccrual loans were included in the average loan balances used to determine the average yield on loans for december 2017 and 2016.
(3) balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements. interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements and certain hedging costs. see "-analysis of financial condition - derivatives" for further information.
53
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest income of $4.2 billion in the year ended 2017 increased $415 million, or 11%, compared to $3.8 billion in the year ended 2016, reflecting 6% average loan growth and a 16 basis point improvement in net interest margin.
average interest-earning assets of $137.5 billion increased $6.9 billion, or 5%, from the year ended 2016, driven by a $3.0 billion increase in average commercial loans and leases, a $2.9 billion increase in average retail loans, and a $928 million increase in average investments and interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks. commercial loan growth was driven by strength in commercial and commercial real estate. retail loan growth was driven by strength in residential mortgages, education, and other retail balances.
average deposits of $111.9 billion increased $6.4 billion from the year ended 2016, reflecting growth in all categories with particular strength in checking with interest and term deposits. total interest-bearing deposit costs of $441 million increased $171 million, or 63%, from $270 million in 2016, primarily due to the impact of rising rates and a slight shift in mix toward commercial deposits.
average total borrowed funds of $15.6 billion increased $1.0 billion from the year ended 2016, reflecting an increase in average long-term borrowed funds driven by issuances of senior notes. total borrowed funds costs of $306 million increased $68 million from the year ended 2016. the total borrowed funds yield of 1.96% in the year ended 2017 increased 34 basis points from 1.62% in the year ended 2016 due to an increase in long-term rates and a mix shift to long-term senior debt.
net interest margin of 3.02% increased 16 basis points compared to 2.86% in the year ended 2016, driven by improved loan yields reflecting both higher interest rates and balance sheet optimization initiatives. these results were partially offset by the impact of investment portfolio growth and higher deposit cost and funding costs. average interest-earning asset yields of 3.56% increased 31 basis points from 3.25% in the year ended 2016, while average interest-bearing liability costs of 0.75% increased 20 basis points from 0.55% in the year ended 2016.
54
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents the change in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both average volume and average rate. average volume and rate changes have been allocated between the average rate and average volume variances on a consistent basis using the respective percentage changes in average balances and average rates.
year ended december 31,
2017 versus 2016
(in millions)                                                                    average volume         average rate         net change interest income interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                        $-                  $10                 $10
taxable investment securities                                                         25                   16                  41
non-taxable investment securities                                                      -                    -                   -
total investment securities                                                           25                   16                  41
commercial                                                                            62                  136                 198
commercial real estate                                                                41                   83                 124
leases                                                                               (10      )             3                  (7   )
total commercial loans and leases                                                     93                  222                 315
residential mortgages                                                                 72                   (5      )           67
home equity loans                                                                    (33      )             1                 (32   )
home equity lines of credit                                                          (22      )            79                  57
home equity loans serviced by others                                                 (16      )             -                 (16   )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                        (3      )             3                   -
automobile                                                                           (14      )            45                  31
education                                                                            102                   19                 121
credit cards                                                                          12                   (8      )            4
other retail                                                                          76                  (27      )           49
total retail loans                                                                   174                  107                 281
total loans and leases                                                               267                  329                 596
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                     2                    1                   3
other loans held for sale                                                              2                    2                   4
total interest income                                                               $296                 $358                $654
interest expense checking with interest                                                                $4                  $41                 $45
money market accounts                                                                  1                   64                  65
regular savings                                                                        -                    -                   -
term deposits                                                                         21                   40                  61
total interest-bearing deposits                                                       26                  145                 171
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase             -                    1                   1
other short-term borrowed funds                                                      (11      )             2                  (9   )
long-term borrowed funds                                                              37                   39                  76
total borrowed funds                                                                  26                   42                  68
total interest expense                                                                52                  187                 239
net interest income                                                                 $244                 $171                $415
55
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis noninterest income the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest income:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                            2017                       2016               change           percent service charges and fees(1)                              $516                       $522                  ($6   )            (1   %)
card fees                                                 233                        203                   30                15
capital markets fees(1)                                   194                        136                   58                43
trust and investment services fees                        158                        146                   12                 8
letter of credit and loan fees(1)                         121                        112                    9                 8
foreign exchange and interest rate products(1)            109                        103                    6                 6
mortgage banking fees                                     108                        112                   (4   )            (4    )
securities gains, net                                      11                         16                   (5   )           (31    )
other income (1)(2)                                        84                        147                  (63   )           (43    )
noninterest income                                     $1,534                     $1,497                  $37                 2    %
(1) in first quarter 2017, certain prior period noninterest income amounts reported in the consolidated statement of operations were reclassified to enhance transparency and provide additional granularity, particularly with regard to fee income related to customer activity. these changes had no effect on net income as previously reported.
(2) includes net securities impairment losses on securities available for sale recognized in earnings, bank-owned life insurance income and other income.
noninterest income of $1.5 billion in 2017, increased $37 million, or 2%, compared to 2016 driven by capital market fees, card fees, trust and investment service fees, letter of credit and loan fees and foreign exchange and interest rate products, partially offset by a reduction in service charges and fees, securities gains, mortgage banking fees and other income. capital market fees increased $58 million, reflecting underlying business momentum and the impact of building capabilities. card fees increased $30 million from 2016 results. service charges decreased $6 million and mortgage banking fees decreased $4 million from 2016. on an adjusted/underlying basis,* noninterest income increased $98 million, or 7%, compared to 2016.
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses of $321 million decreased $48 million, or 13% from $369 million in 2016. the $48 million decrease was primarily due to continued asset quality improvement and the decline in net charge-offs when compared to 2016. the 2017 results reflected a $16 million reserve build, compared to a $34 million reserve build for the full year 2016. net charge-offs for the full year 2017 of $305 million were $30 million lower compared to the full year 2016.
the provision for loan and lease losses is the result of a detailed analysis performed to estimate an appropriate and adequate alll. the total provision for credit losses includes the provision for loan and lease losses as well as the provision for unfunded commitments. refer to "-analysis of financial condition - allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets" for more information.
noninterest expense the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest expense:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                            2017                       2016                change      percent salaries and employee benefits         $1,761                     $1,709                   $52            3   %
outside services                          404                        377                    27            7
occupancy                                 319                        307                    12            4
equipment expense                         263                        263                     -            -
amortization of software                  180                        170                    10            6
other operating expense                   547                        526                    21            4
noninterest expense                    $3,474                     $3,352                  $122            4   %
noninterest expense of $3.5 billion in 2017 increased $122 million, or 4%, compared to 2016. salaries and benefits increased $52 million, or 3%, driven by merit increases and the impact of hiring associated with strategic
56
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis growth initiatives. outside services increased $27 million, or 7%, tied to consumer strategic growth initiatives and technology initiatives. occupancy expense increased $12 million, or 4%, reflecting costs associated with our branch strategy, rent and maintenance. other operating expense increased $21 million, or 4%. on an adjusted/underlying basis,* noninterest expense increased $103 million, or 3%, compared to 2016.
income tax expense income tax expense was $260 million and $489 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate of 13.6% and 31.9% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate from 2016 to 2017 was primarily attributable to the revaluation of our deferred tax liability as a result of 2017 tax legislation.
at december 31, 2017, we reported a net deferred tax liability of $571 million, compared to a $714 million liability at december 31, 2016. the decrease in the net deferred tax liability was primarily attributable to the revaluation of our deferred tax liability as a result of 2017 tax legislation.
on december 22, 2017, president trump signed the 2017 tax legislation which included a reduction in the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. for citizens, this required a revaluation of our net deferred tax liability with a corresponding adjustment to current tax expense, and resulted in a $331 million net tax benefit. included in this net tax benefit was $145 million of expense related to the revaluation of our deferred tax assets associated with unrealized losses in aoci. fasb standards in-place at december 31, 2017 required us to revalue all deferred taxes, including those related to balances in aoci, through current tax expense. as a result, our unrealized loss balance in aoci was not revalued to reflect the new corporate tax rate. this impact, commonly referred to as the "stranded tax effect", was taken under consideration by fasb in january 2018 to address concerns primarily raised by banking institutions, including distortion of net income and regulatory capital. in february 2018, to address the "stranded tax effect", fasb issued asu 2018-02, income statement-reporting comprehensive income (topic 220): reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income, which provides entities the election to reclassify the difference between the new and old corporate tax rates resulting from the 2017 tax legislation between retained earnings and aoci for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. we have retrospectively adopted asu 2018-02, elected to reclassify $145 million between aoci and retained earnings, including indirect impacts from the decreased federal tax effect on future state tax benefits, and reflected this reclassification in our 2017 consolidated financial statements, included in this report.
57
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis business operating segments the following tables present certain financial data of our business operating segments, other and consolidated:
as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017
(dollars in millions)                                 consumer banking                commercial banking              other (3)                         consolidated net interest income                                     $2,651                           $1,411                            $111                        $4,173
noninterest income                                         905                              538                              91                         1,534
total revenue                                            3,556                            1,949                             202                         5,707
noninterest expense                                      2,593                              772                             109                         3,474
profit before provision for credit losses                  963                            1,177                              93                         2,233
provision for credit losses                                265                               19                              37                           321
income before income tax expense (benefit)                 698                            1,158                              56                         1,912
income tax expense (benefit)                               246                              384                            (370     )                     260
net income                                                $452                             $774                            $426                        $1,652
loans and leases (period-end) (1)                      $60,096                          $48,623                          $2,616                      $111,335
average balances:
total assets                                           $59,714                          $49,747                         $40,492                      $149,953
total loans and leases (1)                              58,371                           48,655                           2,946                       109,972
deposits                                                74,873                           30,005                           6,996                       111,874
interest-earning assets                                 58,422                           48,802                          30,258                       137,482
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                       4.54       %                     2.89        %                     nm                          3.02      %
efficiency ratio                                         72.93                            39.62                              nm                         60.87
average loans to average deposits ratio (1)              77.96                           162.16                              nm                         98.30
return on average total tangible assets                   0.76                             1.56                              nm                          1.15
return on average tangible common equity (2)              8.17                            13.70                              nm                         12.35
(1) includes loans held for sale
(2)  business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for cet1 and then allocate that approximation to the business operating segments based on economic capital.
(3)  includes the financial impact of non-core, liquidating loan portfolios and other non-core assets, our treasury activities, wholesale funding activities, securities portfolio, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses, including income tax expense, not attributed to our consumer banking or commercial banking segments. for a description of non-core assets, see "-analysis of financial condition - non-core assets."
we operate through two business operating segments: consumer banking and commercial banking. segment results are derived by specifically attributing managed assets, liabilities, capital and their related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses. non-segment operations are classified as other, which includes corporate functions, the treasury function, the securities portfolio, wholesale funding activities, intangible assets, community development, non-core assets (including legacy royal bank of scotland group plc aircraft loan and leasing), and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses, including income tax expense. for a description of non-core assets, see "-analysis of financial condition - non-core assets." in addition, other includes goodwill and any associated goodwill impairment charges. for impairment testing purposes, we allocate goodwill to consumer banking and commercial banking reporting units. for management reporting purposes, we present the goodwill balance (and any related impairment charges) in other.
our capital levels are evaluated and managed centrally; however, capital is allocated to the operating segments to support evaluation of business performance. business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for common equity tier 1 and then allocate that approximation to the business operating segments based on economic capital. interest income and expense is determined based on the assets and liabilities managed by the business operating segment. because funding and asset liability management is a central function, funds transfer-pricing methodologies are utilized to allocate a cost of funds used, or credit for the funds provided, to all business operating segment assets, liabilities and capital, respectively, using a matched-funding concept. the residual effect on net interest income of asset/liability management, including the residual net interest income related to the funds transfer pricing process, is included in other.
58
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis provision for credit losses is allocated to each business operating segment based on actual net charge-offs that have been recognized by the business operating segment. the difference between the consolidated provision for credit losses and the business operating segments' net charge-offs is reflected in other.
noninterest income and expense directly managed by each business operating segment, including fees, service charges, salaries and benefits, and other direct revenues and costs are accounted for within each business operating segment's financial results in a manner similar to our consolidated financial statements. occupancy costs are allocated based on utilization of facilities by the business operating segment. noninterest expenses incurred by centrally managed operations or business operating segments that directly support another business operating segment's operations are charged to the applicable business operating segment based on its utilization of those services.
income taxes are assessed to each business operating segment at a standard tax rate with the residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate included in other.
developing and applying methodologies used to allocate items among the business operating segments is a dynamic process. accordingly, financial results may be revised periodically as management systems are enhanced, methods of evaluating performance or product lines change, or our organizational structure changes.
consumer banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                     2017                              2016                            change       percent net interest income                                     $2,651                            $2,443                      $208                     9   %
noninterest income                                         905                               883                        22                     2
total revenue                                            3,556                             3,326                       230                     7
noninterest expense                                      2,593                             2,547                        46                     2
profit before provision for credit losses                  963                               779                       184                    24
provision for credit losses                                265                               243                        22                     9
income before income tax expense                           698                               536                       162                    30
income tax expense                                         246                               191                        55                    29
net income                                                $452                              $345                      $107                    31
loans (period-end) (1)                                 $60,096                           $57,383                    $2,713                     5
average balances:
total assets                                           $59,714                           $56,388                    $3,326                     6   %
total loans and leases (1)                              58,371                            55,052                     3,319                     6
deposits                                                74,873                            72,003                     2,870                     4
interest-earning assets                                 58,422                            55,101                     3,321                     6
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                       4.54       %                      4.43       %                11     bps efficiency ratio                                         72.93                             76.57                      (364   ) bps average loans to average deposits ratio (1)              77.96                             76.46                       150     bps return on average total tangible assets                   0.76                              0.61                        15     bps return on average tangible common equity (2)              8.17                              6.68                       149     bps
(1)  includes loans held for sale.
(2)  business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for cet1 and then allocate that approximation to the business operating segments based on economic capital.
consumer banking net income of $452 million increased $107 million, or 31%, from $345 million in the year ended 2016, as the benefit of a $230 million increase in total revenue more than offset a $46 million increase in noninterest expense. net interest income of $2.7 billion increased $208 million, or 9%, from the year ended 2016, driven by the benefit of a $3.3 billion increase in average loans driven by residential mortgage, education and retail unsecured categories, partially offset by an increase in deposit costs.
noninterest income increased $22 million, or 2%, from the year ended 2016, driven by an increase in card fees and investment and trust fees, partially offset by lower service charges and fees and mortgage banking fees. noninterest expense of $2.6 billion increased $46 million, or 2%, from the year ended 2016, driven by higher outside services, fdic expense, salaries and benefits, occupancy costs and advertising expense. these results were partially
59
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis offset by lower credit collection costs and software amortization. provision for credit losses of $265 million increased $22 million, or 9%, from $243 million in the year ended 2016, largely driven by higher net charge-offs in auto.
commercial banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                     2017                              2016                            change       percent net interest income                                     $1,411                            $1,288                      $123                    10   %
noninterest income                                         538                               466                        72                    15
total revenue                                            1,949                             1,754                       195                    11
noninterest expense                                        772                               741                        31                     4
profit before provision for credit losses                1,177                             1,013                       164                    16
provision for credit losses                                 19                                47                       (28       )           (60   )
income before income tax expense                         1,158                               966                       192                    20
income tax expense                                         384                               335                        49                    15
net income                                                $774                              $631                      $143                    23
loans and leases (period-end) (1)                      $48,623                           $47,629                      $994                     2
average balances:
total assets                                           $49,747                           $47,159                    $2,588                     5   %
total loans and leases (1)                              48,655                            45,903                     2,752                     6
deposits                                                30,005                            26,811                     3,194                    12
interest-earning assets                                 48,802                            45,978                     2,824                     6
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                       2.89       %                      2.80       %                 9     bps efficiency ratio                                         39.62                             42.26                      (264   ) bps average loans to average deposits ratio (1)             162.16                            171.21                      (905   ) bps return on average total tangible assets                   1.56                              1.34                        22     bps return on average tangible common equity (2)             13.70                             12.44                       126     bps
(1) includes loans held for sale.
(2)  business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for cet1 and then allocate that approximation to the business operating segments based on economic capital.
commercial banking net income of $774 million increased $143 million, or 23%, from $631 million in the year ended 2016, as the benefit of a $195 million increase in total revenue and a $28 million decrease in provision for credit losses was partially offset by a $31 million increase in noninterest expense. net interest income of $1.4 billion increased $123 million, or 10%, from $1.3 billion in the year ended 2016, reflecting a $2.8 billion increase in average loans and leases, improved loan and deposit spreads, and a $3.2 billion increase in average deposits.
noninterest income of $538 million increased $72 million, or 15%, from $466 million in the year ended 2016, reflecting strength in capital markets, letter of credit and loan fees, card fees and foreign exchange and interest rate products, partially offset by runoff of the asset finance portfolio. noninterest expense of $772 million increased $31 million, or 4%, from $741 million in the year ended 2016, largely driven by higher salaries and employee benefits, fdic expense, software amortization and equipment expense, partially offset by a reduction in outside services. provision for credit losses of $19 million decreased $28 million from the year ended 2016, driven by lower net charge-offs in 2016.
60
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis other as of and for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                           2017                              2016                    change           percent net interest income                                     $111                               $27                       $84                nm noninterest income                                        91                               148                       (57   )           (39   )
total revenue                                            202                               175                        27                15
noninterest expense                                      109                                64                        45                70
profit before provision for credit losses                 93                               111                       (18   )           (16   )
provision for credit losses                               37                                79                       (42   )           (53   )
income before income tax expense (benefit)                56                                32                        24                75
income tax expense (benefit)                            (370       )                       (37       )              (333   )            nm net income                                              $426                               $69                      $357                nm loans and leases (period-end)                         $2,616                            $3,282                     ($666   )           (20   )
average balances:
total assets                                         $40,492                           $39,636                      $856                 2   %
total loans and leases                                 2,946                             2,999                       (53   )            (2   )
deposits                                               6,996                             6,633                       363                 5
interest-earning assets                               30,258                            29,457                       801                 3
other net income of $426 million increased from $69 million in the year ended 2016, primarily driven by a $331 million benefit related to our deferred tax liability in connection with the december 2017 tax legislation. results also reflected an increase of $84 million in net interest income and lower net charge-offs and a reserve build of $16 million in the year ended 2017, compared to a reserve build of $34 million in the year ended 2016.
61
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis results of operations - 2016 compared with 2015
net income net income totaled $1.0 billion, reflecting an increase of $205 million, or 24%, from $840 million in 2015. the 2016 results included a $19 million after-tax benefit from notable items, compared with $31 million of after tax restructuring charges and special items in 2015. excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items, adjusted net income* increased $155 million, or 18%, from 2015.
the following table presents the significant components of our net income for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                 2016                       2015                      change         percent operating data:
net interest income                                 $3,758                     $3,402                  $356              10     %
noninterest income                                   1,497                      1,422                    75               5
total revenue                                        5,255                      4,824                   431               9
provision for credit losses                            369                        302                    67              22
noninterest expense                                  3,352                      3,259                    93               3
income before income tax expense                     1,534                      1,263                   271              21
income tax expense                                     489                        423                    66              16
net income                                          $1,045                       $840                  $205              24     %
net income available to common stockholders         $1,031                       $833                  $198              24     %
return on average tangible common equity              7.74     %                 6.45     %             129   bps return on equity and assets the following table presents our return on average total assets, return on average common equity, dividend payout ratio and average equity to average assets ratio:
december 31,
2016                                                     2015
return on average total assets            0.73   %       0.62    %
return on average common equity           5.23           4.30
dividend payout ratio                    23.30          25.73
average equity to average assets ratio   13.93          14.46
62
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest income the following table presents the major components of net interest income and net interest margin:
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                                                                                                                         2015                                change
(dollars in millions)                                                                     averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates                averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates              averagebalances   yields/rates assets interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                             $1,931                      $8            0.41        %                 $1,746                      $5            0.29        %                 $185                 12 bps taxable investment securities                                                              24,643                     584            2.37                          24,649                     621            2.52                            (6       )           (15)
non-taxable investment securities                                                               8                       -            2.60                               9                       -            2.60                            (1       )              0
total investment securities                                                                24,651                     584            2.37                          24,658                     621            2.52                            (7       )           (15)
commercial                                                                                 35,652                   1,136            3.13                          32,673                     951            2.87                         2,979                     26
commercial real estate                                                                      9,741                     278            2.81                           8,231                     211            2.53                         1,510                     28
leases                                                                                      3,841                      93            2.41                           3,902                      97            2.50                           (61       )            (9)
total commercial                                                                           49,234                   1,507            3.01                          44,806                   1,259            2.78                         4,428                     23
residential mortgages                                                                      14,005                     504            3.60                          12,338                     465            3.77                         1,667                   (17)
home equity loans                                                                           2,180                     123            5.64                           3,025                     163            5.38                          (845       )             26
home equity lines of credit                                                                14,402                     457            3.18                          14,958                     441            2.95                          (556       )             23
home equity loans serviced by others                                                          867                      62            7.11                           1,117                      77            6.94                          (250       )             17
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                                281                       7            2.41                             453                      11            2.44                          (172       )            (3)
automobile                                                                                 13,953                     411            2.94                          13,516                     372            2.75                           437                     19
education(1)                                                                                5,558                     282            5.08                           3,313                     167            5.03                         2,245                      5
credit cards                                                                                1,620                     181           11.22                           1,621                     178           10.97                            (1       )             25
other retail                                                                                1,288                     119            9.23                           1,003                      78            7.75                           285                    148
total retail                                                                               54,154                   2,146            3.96                          51,344                   1,952            3.80                         2,810                     16
total loans and leases (2)                                                                103,388                   3,653            3.51                          96,150                   3,211            3.32                         7,238                     19
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                            425                      15            3.40                             301                      10            3.47                           124                    (7)
other loans held for sale                                                                     141                       6            4.55                              95                       7            7.22                            46                  (267)
interest-earning assets                                                                   130,536                   4,266            3.25                         122,950                   3,854            3.12                         7,586                     13
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                        (1,227       )                                                          (1,196       )                                                           (31       )
goodwill                                                                                    6,876                                                                   6,876                                                                     -
other noninterest-earning assets                                                            6,998                                                                   6,440                                                                   558
total noninterest-earning assets                                                           12,647                                                                  12,120                                                                   527
total assets                                                                             $143,183                                                                $135,070                                                                $8,113
liabilities and stockholders' equity checking with interest                                                                    $19,320                     $34            0.18        %                $16,666                     $19            0.11        %               $2,654                  7 bps money market accounts                                                                      37,106                     133            0.36                          35,401                     115            0.32                         1,705                      4
regular savings                                                                             8,691                       4            0.04                           8,057                       2            0.03                           634                      1
term deposits                                                                              12,696                      99            0.78                          12,424                     101            0.82                           272                    (4)
total interest-bearing deposits                                                            77,813                     270            0.35                          72,548                     237            0.33                         5,265                      2
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (3)                947                       2            0.22                           3,364                      16            0.46                        (2,417       )           (24)
other short-term borrowed funds (4)                                                         3,207                      40            1.22                           5,865                      67            1.13                        (2,658       )              9
long-term borrowed funds                                                                   10,472                     196            1.86                           4,479                     132            2.95                         5,993                  (109)
total borrowed funds                                                                       14,626                     238            1.62                          13,708                     215            1.56                           918                      6
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                         92,439                     508            0.55                          86,256                     452            0.52                         6,183                      3
demand deposits                                                                            27,634                                                                  26,606                                                                 1,028
other liabilities                                                                           3,165                                                                   2,671                                                                   494
total liabilities                                                                         123,238                                                                 115,533                                                                 7,705
stockholders' equity                                                                       19,945                                                                  19,537                                                                   408
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                               $143,183                                                                $135,070                                                                $8,113
interest rate spread                                                                                                                 2.70        %                                                           2.60        %                                          10
net interest income                                                                                                $3,758                                                                  $3,402
net interest margin                                                                                                                  2.86        %                                                           2.75        %                                      11 bps memo: total deposits (interest-bearing and demand)                                       $105,447                    $270            0.26        %                $99,154                    $237            0.24        %               $6,293                  2 bps
(1) during first quarter 2017, student loans were renamed "education" loans. for further information see note 1 "basis of presentation" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
(2) interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. additionally, $1.1 billion of average nonaccrual loans were included in the average loan balances used to determine the average yield on loans for december 2016 and 2015.
(3) balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements. interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements and certain hedging costs. the rate on federal funds purchased is elevated due to the impact from pay-fixed interest rate swaps that ran off in 2016. see "-analysis of financial condition- derivatives" for further information.
(4) the rate on other short-term borrowed funds is elevated due to the impact from pay-fixed interest rate swaps. see "-analysis of financial condition - derivatives" for further information.
63
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest income of $3.8 billion in 2016 increased $356 million, or 10%, compared to $3.4 billion in 2015, reflecting 8% average loan growth and the benefit of balance sheet optimization strategies and higher rates.
average interest-earning assets of $130.5 billion increased $7.6 billion, or 6%, from 2015, driven by a $4.4 billion increase in average commercial loans, a $2.8 billion increase in average retail loans, and a $185 million increase in average interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks. commercial loan growth was driven by strength in commercial and commercial real estate. retail loan growth was driven by strength in education, residential mortgage, automobile and other retail loan balances.
average deposits of $105.4 billion increased $6.3 billion from 2015 with particular strength in checking with interest, money market accounts, demand deposits and regular savings. total interest-bearing deposit costs of $270 million increased $33 million, or 14%, from $237 million in 2015 and reflected a two basis point increase in interest-bearing deposit costs to 0.35%. checking with interest costs increased to 0.18% in 2016 compared with 0.11% in 2015, term deposit costs decreased to 0.78% in 2016 from 0.82% in 2015, money market account cost increased to 0.36% from 0.32% in 2015, and regular savings account costs increased to 0.04% from 0.03% in 2015.
total borrowed funds of $14.6 billion increased $918 million from 2015. total borrowed funds costs of $238 million increased $23 million from 2015. within the federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other short-term borrowed funds, pay-fixed swap expense declined to $20 million for 2016 compared to $58 million in 2015. including the impact of hedging costs, total borrowed funds rates increased to 1.62% from 1.56% in 2015. the increase in long-term borrowing expense of $64 million was driven by an increase in senior debt and fhlb borrowings as we continued to realign our liability and capital structure to better align with peers.
net interest margin of 2.86% increased 11 basis points compared to 2.75% in 2015 driven by the benefit of pricing and portfolio optimization initiatives on loan portfolio mix and yield partially offset by a modest increase in deposit and funding costs and a reduction in investment portfolio yields. results also reflected the benefit of lower pay-fixed swap expense.
64
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents the change in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both average volume and average rate. average volume and rate changes have been allocated between the average rate and average volume variances on a consistent basis using the respective percentage changes in average balances and average rates.
year ended december 31,
2016 versus 2015
(in millions)                                                                    average volume         average rate         net change interest income interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                        $1                   $2                  $3
taxable investment securities                                                          -                  (37      )          (37   )
non-taxable investment securities                                                      -                    -                   -
total investment securities                                                            -                  (37      )          (37   )
commercial                                                                            88                   97                 185
commercial real estate                                                                39                   28                  67
leases                                                                                (2      )            (2      )           (4   )
total commercial                                                                     125                  123                 248
residential mortgages                                                                 63                  (24      )           39
home equity loans                                                                    (46      )             6                 (40   )
home equity lines of credit                                                          (16      )            32                  16
home equity loans serviced by others                                                 (16      )             1                 (15   )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                        (5      )             1                  (4   )
automobile                                                                            12                   27                  39
education                                                                            113                    2                 115
credit cards                                                                           -                    3                   3
other retail                                                                          22                   19                  41
total retail                                                                         127                   67                 194
total loans and leases                                                               252                  190                 442
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                     4                    1                   5
other loans held for sale                                                              3                   (4      )           (1   )
total interest income                                                               $260                 $152                $412
interest expense checking with interest                                                                $3                  $12                 $15
money market accounts                                                                  5                   13                  18
regular savings                                                                        1                    1                   2
term deposits                                                                          2                   (4      )           (2   )
total interest-bearing deposits                                                       11                   22                  33
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase           (11      )            (3      )          (14   )
other short-term borrowed funds                                                      (30      )             3                 (27   )
long-term borrowed funds                                                             177                 (113      )           64
total borrowed funds                                                                 136                 (113      )           23
total interest expense                                                               147                  (91      )           56
net interest income                                                                 $113                 $243                $356
65
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis noninterest income the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest income:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                    2016                       2015               change           percent service charges and fees(1)                              $522                       $500                  $22                 4   %
card fees                                                 203                        232                  (29   )           (13   )
capital markets fees(1)                                   136                        104                   32                31
trust and investment services fees                        146                        157                  (11   )            (7   )
letter of credit and loan fees(1)                         112                        110                    2                 2
foreign exchange and interest rate products(1)            103                         90                   13                14
mortgage banking fees                                     112                        101                   11                11
securities gains, net                                      16                         29                  (13   )           (45   )
other income (1)(2)                                       147                         99                   48                48
noninterest income                                     $1,497                     $1,422                  $75                 5   %
(1) in first quarter 2017, certain prior period noninterest income amounts reported in the consolidated statement of operations were reclassified to enhance transparency and provide additional granularity, particularly with regard to fee income related to customer activity. these changes had no effect on net income as previously reported.
(2) includes net securities impairment losses on securities available for sale recognized in earnings, bank-owned life insurance income and other income.
noninterest income of $1.5 billion in 2016, increased $75 million, or 5%, compared to 2015, largely driven by a $67 million pre-tax benefit from notable items in other income. excluding the impact of these items, adjusted noninterest income* increased $8 million, or 1%, as strength in capital markets fees, service charges and fees and mortgage fees were partially offset by the impact of a reclassification of card reward costs, lower securities gains and trust and investment services fees. capital market fees increased $32 million reflecting underlying business momentum and the benefit of enhanced product capabilities. service charges increased $22 million, driven by both improved pricing and volume. mortgage banking fees increased $11 million from 2015 levels that included higher msr valuation gains driven by increased secondary origination volume and wider margins. card fees decreased $29 million from 2015 results, which were $28 million higher given the reclassification of card reward costs.
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses of $369 million increased $67 million, or 22%, from $302 million in 2015, largely reflecting the impact of higher commercial net charge-offs, primarily in commodities-related portfolios and commercial real estate driven by the impact of a reduction in recoveries as well as the impact of loan growth. 2016 results reflected a $34 million reserve build compared to an $18 million reserve build in 2015, as the impact of loan growth was partially offset by loan mix shifts into higher quality retail products.
the provision for loan and lease losses is the result of a detailed analysis performed to estimate an appropriate and adequate alll. the total provision for credit losses includes the provision for loan and lease losses as well as the provision for unfunded commitments. refer to "-analysis of financial condition - allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets" for more information.
noninterest expense the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest expense:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                    2016                       2015               change           percent salaries and employee benefits         $1,709                     $1,636                  $73                 4   %
outside services                          377                        371                    6                 2
occupancy                                 307                        319                  (12   )            (4   )
equipment expense                         263                        257                    6                 2
amortization of software                  170                        146                   24                16
other operating expense                   526                        530                   (4   )            (1   )
noninterest expense                    $3,352                     $3,259                  $93                 3   %
66
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis noninterest expense of $3.4 billion in 2016 increased $93 million, or 3%, compared to 2015 as the impact of higher salaries and employee benefits, amortization of software, equipment expense and outside services expense was partially offset by lower occupancy and other operating expense. results in 2016 reflected the impact of $36 million of notable items compared with $50 million of restructuring charges and special items in 2015. excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items, adjusted noninterest expense* increased $107 million, driven by higher salaries and employee benefits as the impact of continued investment in strategic growth initiatives and revenue based incentives were partially offset by the benefit of our efficiency initiatives. results also reflect increased software amortization expense, outside services expense and equipment expense, partially offset by lower other operating expense.
income tax expense income tax expense was $489 million and $423 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate of 31.9% and 33.5% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate from 2015 to 2016 was primarily attributable to the impact of federal and state tax credits.
at december 31, 2016, we reported a net deferred tax liability of $714 million, compared to a $730 million liability at december 31, 2015. the decrease in the net deferred tax liability was primarily attributable to the tax effect of net unrealized losses on securities and derivatives arising during the period largely offset by the tax effect of current year timing adjustments. for further discussion, see note 22 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
business operating segments the following tables present certain financial data of our business operating segments, other and consolidated:
as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016
(dollars in millions)                                        consumer banking                commercial banking              other (1)                   consolidated net interest income                                            $2,443                           $1,288                             $27                  $3,758
noninterest income                                                883                              466                             148                   1,497
total revenue                                                   3,326                            1,754                             175                   5,255
noninterest expense                                             2,547                              741                              64                   3,352
profit before provision for credit losses                         779                            1,013                             111                   1,903
provision for credit losses                                       243                               47                              79                     369
income before income tax expense (benefit)                        536                              966                              32                   1,534
income tax expense (benefit)                                      191                              335                             (37     )               489
net income                                                       $345                             $631                             $69                  $1,045
loans and leases and loans held for sale (year-end)           $57,383                          $47,629                          $3,282                $108,294
average balances:
total assets                                                  $56,388                          $47,159                         $39,636                $143,183
loans and leases and loans held for sale                       55,052                           45,903                           2,999                 103,954
deposits                                                       72,003                           26,811                           6,633                 105,447
interest-earning assets                                        55,101                           45,978                          29,457                 130,536
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                              4.43       %                     2.80        %                     nm                    2.86      %
efficiency ratio                                                76.57                            42.26                              nm                   63.80
period-end loans to deposits ratio (2)                          77.33                           166.25                              nm                   98.62
average loans to average deposits ratio (2)                     76.46                           171.21                              nm                   98.58
return on average total tangible assets                          0.61                             1.34                              nm                    0.76
return on average tangible common equity (3)                     6.68                            12.44                              nm                    7.74
(1) includes the financial impact of non-core, liquidating loan portfolios and other non-core assets, our treasury activities, wholesale funding activities, securities portfolio, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses, including income tax expense, not attributed to our consumer banking or commercial banking segments. for a description of non-core assets, see "-analysis of financial condition - non-core assets."
(2) ratios include loans and leases held for sale.
(3) business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for cet1 capital and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital.
67
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis we operate our business through two business operating segments: consumer banking and commercial banking. segment results are derived from our business-line profitability reporting systems by specifically attributing managed assets, liabilities, capital and their related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses, including income tax expense. residual assets, liabilities, capital and their related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses are attributed to other. for further information, see "-results of operations - 2017 compared with 2016 - business operating segments."
consumer banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                     2016                              2015                            change       percent net interest income                                     $2,443                            $2,198                      $245                    11   %
noninterest income                                         883                               910                       (27       )            (3   )
total revenue                                            3,326                             3,108                       218                     7
noninterest expense                                      2,547                             2,456                        91                     4
profit before provision for credit losses                  779                               652                       127                    19
provision for credit losses                                243                               252                        (9       )            (4   )
income before income tax expense                           536                               400                       136                    34
income tax expense                                         191                               138                        53                    38
net income                                                $345                              $262                       $83                    32
loans and loans held for sale (year-end)               $57,383                           $53,344                    $4,039                     8
average balances:
total assets                                           $56,388                           $52,848                    $3,540                     7   %
loans and leases and loans held for sale                55,052                            51,484                     3,568                     7
deposits                                                72,003                            69,748                     2,255                     3
interest-earning assets                                 55,101                            51,525                     3,576                     7
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                       4.43       %                      4.27       %                16     bps             -
efficiency ratio                                         76.57                             79.02                      (245   ) bps             -
period-end loans to deposits ratio (1)                   77.33                             74.53                       280     bps             -
average loans to average deposits ratio (1)              76.46                             73.81                       265     bps             -
return on average total tangible assets                   0.61                              0.50                        11     bps             -
return on average tangible common equity (2)              6.68                              5.53                       115     bps             -
(1) ratios include loans and leases held for sale.
(2) business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for cet1 capital and then allocate that approximation to the business operating segments based on economic capital.
consumer banking net income of $345 million in 2016 increased $83 million, or 32%, from 2015, reflecting an increase in total revenue, partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense.
consumer banking total revenue of $3.3 billion in 2016 increased $218 million from 2015, as net interest income increased driven by loan and deposit growth.
net interest income of $2.4 billion increased 11% from 2015, driven by the benefit of $3.6 billion average loan growth, reflecting growth in education, residential mortgage, auto and other retail loans as well as improved loan yields.
noninterest income decreased $27 million, or 3%, largely as growth in service charges and fees and mortgage banking fees were more than offset by the impact of a reclassification of card reward costs and lower trust and investment services fees.
noninterest expense of $2.5 billion in 2016 increased $91 million, or 4%, from $2.5 billion in 2015, driven by higher salaries and benefits, outside services expense, amortization of software and other operating expense, partially offset by the impact of a reclassification of card reward costs.
provision for credit losses of $243 million in 2016 decreased $9 million, or 4%, from $252 million in 2015, largely reflecting the benefit of lower real estate secured net charge-offs.
68
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis commercial banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                            2016                              2015                            change       percent net interest income                                            $1,288                            $1,162                      $126                    11   %
noninterest income                                                466                               415                        51                    12
total revenue                                                   1,754                             1,577                       177                    11
noninterest expense                                               741                               709                        32                     5
profit before provision for credit losses                       1,013                               868                       145                    17
provision for credit losses                                        47                               (13       )                60                    nm income before income tax expense                                  966                               881                        85                    10
income tax expense                                                335                               302                        33                    11
net income                                                       $631                              $579                       $52                     9
loans and leases and loans held for sale (year-end)           $47,629                           $42,987                    $4,642                    11
average balances:
total assets                                                  $47,159                           $42,800                    $4,359                    10   %
loans and leases and loans held for sale                       45,903                            41,593                     4,310                    10
deposits                                                       26,811                            23,473                     3,338                    14
interest-earning assets                                        45,978                            41,689                     4,289                    10
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                              2.80       %                      2.79       %                 1     bps efficiency ratio                                                42.26                             44.94                      (268   ) bps period-end loans to deposits ratio (1)                         166.25                            172.59                      (634   ) bps average loans to average deposits ratio (1)                    171.21                            177.19                      (598   ) bps return on average total tangible assets                          1.34                              1.35                        (1   ) bps return on average tangible common equity (2)                    12.44                             12.41                         3     bps
(1) ratios include both loans and leases held for sale.
(2) business operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. we approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for cet1 capital and then allocate that approximation to the business operating segments based on economic capital.
commercial banking net income of $631 million increased $52 million, or 9%, from 2015, as an increase in total revenue was partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense and provision for credit losses.
net interest income of $1.3 billion in 2016 increased $126 million, or 11%, from 2015, reflecting the benefit of an increase of $4.3 billion in average loan balances and $3.3 billion in average deposits.
noninterest income of $466 million in 2016 increased $51 million, or 12%, from 2015, reflecting strength in capital markets fees, service charges and fees and interest rate products.
noninterest expense of $741 million in 2016 increased $32 million, or 5%, from $709 million in 2015, driven by an increase in salary and employee benefits largely tied to revenue based incentive costs as well as higher fdic insurance costs.
provision for credit losses of $47 million in 2016, increased $60 million, from a net recovery of prior period charge-offs of $13 million in 2015, driven by higher losses in the commercial loan portfolio largely tied to commodities-related credits.
69
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis other as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                            2016                              2015                   change           percent net interest income                                               $27                               $42                     ($15   )           (36   %)
noninterest income                                                148                                97                       51                53
total revenue                                                     175                               139                       36                26
noninterest expense                                                64                                94                      (30   )           (32   )
profit before provision for credit losses                         111                                45                       66               147
provision for credit losses                                        79                                63                       16                25
income (loss) before income tax benefit                            32                               (18       )               50                nm income tax benefit                                                (37       )                       (17       )              (20   )          (118   )
net income (loss)                                                 $69                               ($1       )              $70                nm loans and leases and loans held for sale (year-end)            $3,282                            $3,076                     $206                 7
average balances:
total assets                                                  $39,636                           $39,422                     $214                 1   %
loans and leases and loans held for sale                        2,999                             3,469                     (470   )           (14   )
deposits and deposits held for sale                             6,633                             5,933                      700                12
interest-earning assets                                        29,457                            29,736                     (279   )            (1   )
other recorded net income of $69 million in 2016 compared to net loss of $1 million in 2015, driven by the net impact of notable items, restructuring charges and special items and lower noninterest expense, offset by an increase in provision for credit losses and a decrease in net interest income. on a quarterly basis, we review and refine our estimate of the allowance for credit losses, taking into consideration changes in portfolio size and composition, historical loss experience, internal risk ratings, current economic conditions, industry-performance trends and other pertinent information.
as mentioned previously, other includes the non-core portfolio. non-core assets of $2.8 billion as of december 31, 2016 increased $422 million, or 18%, from december 31, 2015. these results were driven by a $909 million increase in total commercial non-core loans related to the transfer of a $1.2 billion lease and loan portfolio tied to legacy the royal bank of scotland group plc aircraft leasing borrowers that we placed in runoff following a review of asset finance in third quarter 2016. the increase in commercial non-core loans was partially offset by a $616 million decrease in total retail non-core loans.
70
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis analysis of financial condition securities our securities portfolio is managed to maintain prudent levels of liquidity, credit quality and market risk while achieving appropriate returns. the following table presents our securities afs and htm:
december 31, 2017                                      december 31, 2016                                      december 31, 2015                 change in fair value from 2017-2016
(in millions)                                                    amortized cost                 fair value              amortized cost                 fair value              amortized cost                 fair value securities available for sale:
u.s. treasury and other                                              $12                         $12                        $30                         $30                        $16                         $16                      ($18   )                 (60   %)
state and political subdivisions                                       6                           6                          8                           8                          9                           9                        (2   )                 (25   )
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities           20,065                      19,828                     19,231                      19,045                     17,234                      17,320                       783                       4
other/non-agency                                                     311                         311                        427                         401                        555                         522                       (90   )                 (22   )
total mortgage-backed securities                                  20,376                      20,139                     19,658                      19,446                     17,789                      17,842                       693                       4
total debt securities                                             20,394                      20,157                     19,696                      19,484                     17,814                      17,867                       673                       3
marketable equity securities                                           -                           -                          5                           5                          5                           5                        (5   )                (100   )
other equity securities                                                -                           -                         12                          12                         12                          12                       (12   )                (100   )
total equity securities                                                -                           -                         17                          17                         17                          17                       (17   )                (100   )
total securities available for sale                              $20,394                     $20,157                    $19,713                     $19,501                    $17,831                     $17,884                      $656                       3   %
securities held to maturity:
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities           $3,853                      $3,814                     $4,126                      $4,094                     $4,105                      $4,121                     ($280   )                  (7   %)
other/non-agency                                                     832                         854                        945                         964                      1,153                       1,176                      (110   )                 (11   )
total securities held to maturity                                 $4,685                      $4,668                     $5,071                      $5,058                     $5,258                      $5,297                     ($390   )                  (8   %)
other investment securities, at fair value:
money market mutual fund                                            $165                        $165                        $91                         $91                        $65                         $65                       $74                      81   %
other investments                                                      4                           4                          5                           5                          5                           5                        (1   )                 (20   )
total other investment securities, at fair value                    $169                        $169                        $96                         $96                        $70                         $70                       $73                      76   %
other investment securities, at cost:
federal reserve bank stock                                          $463                        $463                       $463                        $463                       $468                        $468                        $-                       -   %
federal home loan bank stock                                         252                         252                        479                         479                        395                         395                      (227   )                 (47   )
other equity securities                                                7                           7                          -                           -                          -                           -                         7                     100
total other investment securities, at cost                          $722                        $722                       $942                        $942                       $863                        $863                     ($220   )                 (23   %)
as of december 31, 2017, the fair value of the afs and htm securities portfolio increased $266 million to $24.8 billion, compared with $24.6 billion as of december 31, 2016, primarily driven by net purchases of $295 million in securities that were bought for liquidity management purposes.
as of december 31, 2017, the portfolio's average effective duration was 3.9 years compared with 4.3 years as of december 31, 2016. lower year-end primary mortgage rates, which increased estimated prepayment speeds, and the passage of time, reduced the duration on mortgage backed securities. we manage the securities portfolio duration and convexity risk through asset selection and securities structure, and maintain duration levels within our risk appetite in the context of the broader interest rate risk in the banking book framework and limits.
the securities portfolio includes high quality, highly liquid investments reflecting our ongoing commitment to maintaining appropriate contingent liquidity levels and pledging capacity. u.s. government-guaranteed notes and government-sponsored entity-issued mortgage-backed securities represent 92% of the securities portfolio holdings. the portfolio composition is also dominated by holdings backed by mortgages to facilitate our ability to pledge them to the fhlbs. this has become increasingly important due to the enhanced liquidity requirements of the liquidity
71
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis coverage ratio and the liquidity stress test. for further discussion of the liquidity coverage ratios, see "regulation and supervision - liquidity standards" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
the following table presents an analysis of the amortized cost, remaining contractual maturities, and weighted-average yields by contractual maturity. expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without incurring penalties.
as of december 31, 2017
distribution of maturities
(dollars in millions)                                     due in 1 year or less         due after 1        due after 5                   due after 10           total through 5          through 10                           years years              years amortized cost:
debt securities available for sale:
u.s. treasury and other                                             $12                       $-                 $-                         $-                    $12
state and political subdivisions                          -                             -                  -              6                                         6
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities   -                   261                          1,067                        18,737                 20,065
other/non-agency                                          1                   21                           -              289                                     311
total debt securities available for sale                  13                  282                          1,067                        19,032                 20,394
debt securities held to maturity:
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities   -                             -                  -                             3,853                  3,853
other/non-agency                                          -                             -                  -              832                                     832
total debt securities held to maturity                    -                             -                  -                             4,685                  4,685
total amortized cost of debt securities (1)                         $13                       $282               $1,067                $23,717                $25,079
weighted-average yield (2)                                1.68                %         2.11         %     2.31           %               2.50      %            2.49   %
(1) as of december 31, 2017, no investments exceeded 10% of stockholders' equity.
(2) yields on tax-exempt securities are not computed on a tax-equivalent basis.
loans and leases our loans and leases are disclosed in portfolio segments and classes. our loan and lease portfolio segments are commercial and retail. the classes of loans and leases are: commercial, commercial real estate, leases, residential mortgages, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, home equity loans serviced by others, home equity lines of credit serviced by others, automobile, education, credit cards and other retail. our sbo portfolio consists of purchased home equity loans and lines that were originally serviced by others, which we now service a portion of internally.
72
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents the composition of loans and leases, including non-core loans, as of:
december 31,                      change from 2017-2016
(in millions)                                              2017                    2016                   2015                   2014                   2013                                 $           %
commercial                                              $37,562                 $37,274                $33,264                $31,431                $28,667                  $288                 1     %
commercial real estate                                   11,308                  10,624                  8,971                  7,809                  6,948                   684                 6
leases                                                    3,161                   3,753                  3,979                  3,986                  3,780                  (592   )           (16     )
total commercial loans and leases                        52,031                  51,651                 46,214                 43,226                 39,395                   380                 1
residential mortgages                                    17,045                  15,115                 13,318                 11,832                  9,726                 1,930                13
home equity loans                                         1,392                   1,858                  2,557                  3,424                  4,301                  (466   )           (25     )
home equity lines of credit                              13,483                  14,100                 14,674                 15,423                 15,667                  (617   )            (4     )
home equity loans serviced by others                        542                     750                    986                  1,228                  1,492                  (208   )           (28     )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others              149                     219                    389                    550                    679                   (70   )           (32     )
automobile                                               13,204                  13,938                 13,828                 12,706                  9,397                  (734   )            (5     )
education(1)                                              8,134                   6,610                  4,359                  2,256                  2,208                 1,524                23
credit cards                                              1,848                   1,691                  1,634                  1,693                  1,691                   157                 9
other retail                                              2,789                   1,737                  1,083                  1,072                  1,303                 1,052                61
total retail loans                                       58,586                  56,018                 52,828                 50,184                 46,464                 2,568                 5
total loans and leases                                 $110,617                $107,669                $99,042                $93,410                $85,859                $2,948                 3     %
(1) during first quarter 2017, student loans were renamed "education" loans. for further information see note 1 "basis of presentation" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
total loans and leases of $110.6 billion as of december 31, 2017, increased $2.9 billion, or 3%, from $107.7 billion as of december 31, 2016, reflecting growth in commercial and retail products. total commercial loans and leases of $52.0 billion increased $380 million, or 1%, from $51.7 billion as of december 31, 2016, reflecting commercial loan growth of $288 million and commercial real estate loan growth of $684 million, partially offset by the decline of $592 million in leases. the change in commercial loans also reflected the impact of the second quarter 2017 sale of $596 million of lower-return, non-strategic commercial loans and leases associated with balance sheet optimization initiatives. total retail loans of $58.6 billion increased $2.6 billion, or 5%, from $56.0 billion as of december 31, 2016, largely driven by a $1.5 billion increase in education loans and a $1.9 billion increase in residential mortgages, partially offset by lower home equity and auto balances.
73
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis maturities and sensitivities of loans and leases to changes in interest rates the following table is a summary of loans and leases by remaining maturity or repricing date:
december 31, 2017
(in millions)                                                          due in 1 year or less       due after 1 year through 5 years         due after 5 years         total loans and leases commercial                                                                 $32,953                              $3,012                         $1,597                      $37,562
commercial real estate                                                      11,104                                 104                            100                       11,308
leases                                                                         605                               1,879                            677                        3,161
total commercial loans and leases                                           44,662                               4,995                          2,374                       52,031
residential mortgages                                                        1,248                               1,501                         14,296                       17,045
home equity loans                                                              385                                 236                            771                        1,392
home equity lines of credit                                                 12,822                                 155                            506                       13,483
home equity loans serviced by others                                             1                                 509                             32                          542
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                 149                                   -                              -                          149
automobile                                                                     145                               8,106                          4,953                       13,204
education                                                                       14                                 763                          7,357                        8,134
credit cards                                                                 1,538                                 310                              -                        1,848
other retail                                                                   568                               1,524                            697                        2,789
total retail loans                                                          16,870                              13,104                         28,612                       58,586
total loans and leases                                                     $61,532                             $18,099                        $30,986                     $110,617
loans and leases due after one year at fixed interest rates                                                    $14,628                        $20,824                      $35,452
loans and leases due after one year at variable interest rates                                                   3,471                         10,162                       13,633
loan and lease concentrations at december 31, 2017, we did not identify any concentration of loans and leases exceeding 10% of total loans and leases that were not otherwise disclosed as a category of loans and leases. for further information on how we manage concentration exposures, see note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
non-core assets the table below presents the composition of our non-core assets:
december 31,
(in millions)                                           2017                  2016            change       percent commercial                                               $56                  $144              ($88   )       (61   %)
commercial real estate                                    19                    59               (40   )       (68   )
leases                                                   752                   874              (122   )       (14   )
total commercial loans and leases                        827                 1,077              (250   )       (23   )
residential mortgages                                    136                   173               (37   )       (21   )
home equity loans                                         40                    45                (5   )       (11   )
home equity lines of credit                               30                    50               (20   )       (40   )
home equity loans serviced by others                     542                   750              (208   )       (28   )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others           149                   219               (70   )       (32   )
education                                                254                   291               (37   )       (13   )
total retail loans                                     1,151                 1,528              (377   )       (25   )
total non-core loans                                   1,978                 2,605              (627   )       (24   )
other assets                                             112                   155               (43   )       (28   )
total non-core assets                                 $2,090                $2,760             ($670   )       (24   %)
74
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis non-core assets are primarily liquidating loan and lease portfolios inconsistent with our strategic priorities, generally as a result of geographic location, industry, product type or risk level and are included in other. non-core assets of $2.1 billion as of december 31, 2017 decreased $670 million, or 24%, from december 31, 2016.
retail non-core loan balances of $1.2 billion decreased $377 million, or 25%, compared to december 31, 2016. the largest component of our retail non-core portfolio is the home equity sbo portfolio, which totaled $691 million as of december 31, 2017, compared to $969 million as of december 31, 2016. the sbo portfolio represented 2% of the retail real estate secured portfolio and 1% of the overall retail loan portfolio as of december 31, 2017. the sbo portfolio is a liquidating portfolio consisting of pools of home equity loans and lines of credit purchased between 2003 and 2007. although our sbo portfolio consists of loans that were initially serviced by others, we now service a portion of this portfolio internally. sbo balances serviced externally totaled $372 million and $505 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the credit profile of the sbo portfolio reflected a weighted-average refreshed fico score of 709 and cltv of 81% as of december 31, 2017. the proportion of the portfolio in a second lien position was 97%, with 70% of the portfolio in out-of-footprint geographies. sbo net recoveries of $5 million in 2017 reflected a $30 million improvement from 2016, driven by continued portfolio seasoning, recoveries from aged charge-offs, and balance liquidation.
commercial non-core loan and lease balances of $827 million decreased $250 million, or 23%, from $1.1 billion as of december 31, 2016. the largest component of our commercial non-core portfolio is an aircraft-related loan and lease portfolio tied to legacy-royal bank of scotland group plc aircraft leasing borrowers, which totaled $752 million as of december 31, 2017 and $917 million as of december 31, 2016. during second quarter 2017, we recorded a $26 million pre-tax impairment write-down largely related to certain large-cabin aircraft lease assets primarily in the non-core portfolio.
allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets the allowance for credit losses, which consists of an alll and a reserve for unfunded lending commitments, is created through charges to the provision for credit losses in order to provide appropriate reserves to absorb future estimated credit losses in accordance with gaap. for further information on our processes to determine our allowance for credit losses, see "-critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses," and note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
summary of loan and lease loss experience the following table presents a summary of the changes to our alll:
as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                               2017                    2016                    2015                    2014                    2013
allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning:
commercial                                                     $516                    $376                    $388                    $361                    $379
commercial real estate                                           99                     111                      61                      78                     111
leases                                                           48                      23                      23                      24                      19
qualitative (1)                                                   -                      86                      72                      35                       -
total commercial loans and leases                               663                     596                     544                     498                     509
residential mortgages                                            55                      46                      63                     104                      74
home equity loans                                                24                      39                      50                      85                      82
home equity lines of credit                                     139                     132                     152                     159                     107
home equity loans serviced by others                             15                      29                      47                      85                     146
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                    4                       3                      11                      18                      32
automobile                                                      127                     106                      58                      23                      30
education                                                       102                      96                      93                      83                      75
credit cards                                                     74                      60                      68                      72                      65
other retail                                                     33                      28                      32                      34                      46
qualitative (1)                                                   -                      81                      77                      60                       -
total retail loans                                              573                     620                     651                     723                     657
unallocated (1) (eliminated in 2013)                              -                       -                       -                       -                      89
total allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning        $1,236                  $1,216                  $1,195                  $1,221                  $1,255
75
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                             2017                   2016                   2015                   2014                   2013
gross charge-offs:
commercial                                                   ($62    )              ($56    )              ($30    )              ($31    )              ($72    )
commercial real estate                                        (13    )               (14    )                (6    )               (12    )               (36    )
leases                                                          -                     (9    )                 -                      -                      -
total commercial loans and leases                             (75    )               (79    )               (36    )               (43    )              (108    )
residential mortgages                                         (11    )               (21    )               (22    )               (36    )               (54    )
home equity loans                                             (11    )               (16    )               (34    )               (55    )               (77    )
home equity lines of credit                                   (34    )               (43    )               (59    )               (80    )              (102    )
home equity loans serviced by others                          (15    )               (38    )               (32    )               (55    )              (119    )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                 (5    )               (12    )               (14    )               (12    )               (27    )
automobile                                                   (181    )              (160    )              (117    )               (41    )               (19    )
education                                                     (59    )               (52    )               (51    )               (54    )               (74    )
credit cards                                                  (61    )               (58    )               (59    )               (64    )               (68    )
other retail                                                  (60    )               (57    )               (56    )               (53    )               (55    )
total retail loans                                           (437    )              (457    )              (444    )              (450    )              (595    )
total gross charge-offs                                     ($512    )             ($536    )             ($480    )             ($493    )             ($703    )
gross recoveries:
commercial                                                    $37                    $21                    $18                    $35                    $46
commercial real estate                                          3                     12                     31                     23                     40
leases                                                          -                      -                      -                      -                      1
total commercial loans and leases                              40                     33                     49                     58                     87
residential mortgages                                           6                      9                     12                     11                     10
home equity loans                                              13                     18                     11                     24                     26
home equity lines of credit                                    16                     18                     18                     15                     19
home equity loans serviced by others                           18                     19                     17                     21                     23
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                  7                      6                      8                      5                      5
automobile                                                     73                     65                     49                     20                     12
education                                                      15                     11                     12                      9                     13
credit cards                                                    7                      8                      8                      7                      7
other retail                                                   12                     14                     12                      -                      -
total retail loans                                            167                    168                    147                    112                    115
total gross recoveries                                       $207                   $201                   $196                   $170                   $202
net (charge-offs)/recoveries:
commercial                                                   ($25    )              ($35    )              ($12    )                $4                   ($26    )
commercial real estate                                        (10    )                (2    )                25                     11                      4
leases                                                          -                     (9    )                 -                      -                      1
total commercial loans and leases                             (35    )               (46    )                13                     15                    (21    )
residential mortgages                                          (5    )               (12    )               (10    )               (25    )               (44    )
home equity loans                                               2                      2                    (23    )               (31    )               (51    )
home equity lines of credit                                   (18    )               (25    )               (41    )               (65    )               (83    )
home equity loans serviced by others                            3                    (19    )               (15    )               (34    )               (96    )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                  2                     (6    )                (6    )                (7    )               (22    )
automobile                                                   (108    )               (95    )               (68    )               (21    )                (7    )
education                                                     (44    )               (41    )               (39    )               (45    )               (61    )
credit cards                                                  (54    )               (50    )               (51    )               (57    )               (61    )
other retail                                                  (48    )               (43    )               (44    )               (53    )               (55    )
total retail loans                                           (270    )              (289    )              (297    )              (338    )              (480    )
total net (charge-offs)/recoveries                          ($305    )             ($335    )             ($284    )             ($323    )             ($501    )
ratio of net charge-offs to average loans and leases        (0.28   %)             (0.32   %)             (0.30   %)             (0.36   %)             (0.59   %)
76
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                         2017                            2016                  2015                  2014                  2013
provision for loan and lease losses:
commercial                                                         $50                   $117                  $-                    $23                    $13
commercial real estate                                        32                    (17         )                25             (28         )               (36    )
leases                                                        (25         )                34             -                     (1          )                 4
qualitative (1)                                               -                     (21         )                14                    37                     -
total commercial loans and leases                             57                          113                    39                    31                   (19    )
residential mortgages                                         (6          )                 8             (7          )         (16         )                53
home equity loans                                             (7          )         (22         )                12             (4          )                32
home equity lines of credit                                   (34         )                 9                    21                    58                    85
home equity loans serviced by others                          (6          )         (1          )         (3          )         (4          )                35
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                (2          )                 6             (2          )         -                             8
automobile                                                    120                          99                   116                    56                     -
education                                                     62                           21                    42                    55                    69
credit cards                                                  52                           53                    43                    53                    71
other retail                                                  69                           42                    40                    51                    43
qualitative (1)                                               -                            27                     4                    17                     -
total retail loans                                            248                         242                   266                   266                   396
unallocated(1) (eliminated in 2013)                           -                     -                     -                     -                           103
total provision for loan and lease losses                          $305                  $355                  $305                  $297                  $480
transfers - general allowance to qualitative allowance: (1)
commercial loans and leases                                        $-                    $-                    $-                    $-                     $35
retail loans                                                  -                     -                     -                     -                            60
unallocated(1) (eliminated in 2013)                           -                     -                     -                     -                           (95    )
total transfers                                                    $-                    $-                    $-                    $-                      $-
retail emergence period change: (2)
residential mortgages                                              $-                    $-                    $-                    $-                     $21
home equity loans                                             -                     -                     -                     -                            22
home equity lines of credit                                   -                     -                     -                     -                            53
total retail loans                                            -                     -                     -                     -                            96
unallocated(1) (eliminated in 2013)                           -                     -                     -                     -                           (96    )
total emergence period change                                      $-                    $-                    $-                    $-                     $96
sale/other:
commercial                                                         $-                    $-                    $-                    $-                     ($5    )
commercial real estate                                        -                     -                     -                     -                            (1    )
leases                                                        -                     -                     -                     -                             -
total commercial loans and leases                             -                     -                     -                     -                            (6    )
residential mortgages                                         -                     -                     -                     -                             -
home equity loans                                             -                     -                     -                     -                             -
home equity lines of credit                                   -                     -                     -                     -                            (3    )
home equity loans serviced by others                          -                     -                     -                     -                             -
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                -                     -                     -                     -                             -
automobile                                                    -                     -                     -                     -                             -
education                                                     -                     -                     -                     -                             -
credit cards                                                  -                     -                     -                     -                            (3    )
other retail                                                  -                     -                     -                     -                             -
total retail loans                                            -                     -                     -                     -                            (6    )
unallocated(1) (eliminated in 2013)                           -                     -                     -                     -                            (1    )
total sale/other                                                   $-                    $-                    $-                    $-                    ($13    )
77
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                              2017                    2016                    2015                    2014                    2013
total allowance for loan and lease losses - ending:
commercial                                                     541                     458                    $376                    $388                    $361
commercial real estate                                         121                      92                     111                      61                      78
leases                                                          23                      48                      23                      23                      24
qualitative (1)                                                  -                      65                      86                      72                      35
total commercial loans and leases                              685                     663                     596                     544                     498
residential mortgages                                           44                      42                      46                      63                     104
home equity loans                                               19                      19                      39                      50                      85
home equity lines of credit                                     87                     116                     132                     152                     159
home equity loans serviced by others                            12                       9                      29                      47                      85
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                   4                       3                       3                      11                      18
automobile                                                     139                     110                     106                      58                      23
education                                                      120                      76                      96                      93                      83
credit cards                                                    72                      63                      60                      68                      72
other retail                                                    54                      27                      28                      32                      34
qualitative (1)                                                  -                     108                      81                      77                      60
total retail loans                                             551                     573                     620                     651                     723
unallocated (1) (eliminated in 2013)                             -                       -                       -                       -                       -
total allowance for loan and lease losses - ending          $1,236                  $1,236                  $1,216                  $1,195                  $1,221
reserve for unfunded lending commitments - beginning           $72                     $58                     $61                     $39                     $40
provision for unfunded lending commitments                      16                      14                      (3   )                  22                      (1   )
reserve for unfunded lending commitments - ending              $88                     $72                     $58                     $61                     $39
total allowance for credit losses - ending                  $1,324                  $1,308                  $1,274                  $1,256                  $1,260
(1) as discussed in note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report, the alll is reviewed separately for commercial and retail loans, and the alll for each includes an adjustment for a qualitative allowance that includes certain risks, factors and events that might not be measured in the statistical analysis. as a result of this adjustment, the unallocated allowance was absorbed into the separately measured commercial and retail qualitative allowance during 2013. as of december 31, 2017, we enhanced the method for assessing various qualitative risks, factors and events that may not be measured in the modeled results. the qualitative allowance is presented within each loan class beginning in 2017, and prior periods have not been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
(2) during december 2016, changes to the incurred loss period were reflected as components of the provision for retail property secured products. during december 2013, we updated our estimate of the incurred loss period for certain residential mortgages. this change reflected an analysis of defaulted borrowers and aligned to management's view that incurred but unrealized losses emerge differently during various points of an economic/business cycle.
78
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses the following table presents an allocation of the alll by class and the percent of each class of loans and leases to the total loans and leases:
december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                2017                           2016                           2015                           2014                           2013
commercial                                             $541        34   %             $458        35   %             $376        34   %             $388        34   %             $361        33   %
commercial real estate                                  121        10                   92        10                  111         9                   61         8                   78         8
leases                                                   23         3                   48         3                   23         4                   23         4                   24         5
qualitative(1)                                            -       n/a                   65       n/a                   86       n/a                   72       n/a                   35       n/a total commercial loans and leases                       685        47                  663        48                  596        47                  544        46                  498        46
residential mortgages                                    44        15                   42        14                   46        13                   63        13                  104        11
home equity loans                                        19         1                   19         2                   39         3                   50         4                   85         5
home equity lines of credit                              87        12                  116        13                  132        15                  152        16                  159        18
home equity loans serviced by others                     12         1                    9         1                   29         1                   47         1                   85         2
home equity lines of credit serviced by others            4         -                    3         -                    3         -                   11         1                   18         1
automobile                                              139        12                  110        13                  106        14                   58        14                   23        11
education                                               120         7                   76         6                   96         4                   93         2                   83         3
credit cards                                             72         2                   63         1                   60         2                   68         2                   72         2
other retail                                             54         3                   27         2                   28         1                   32         1                   34         1
qualitative(1)                                            -       n/a                  108       n/a                   81       n/a                   77       n/a                   60       n/a total retail loans                                      551        53                  573        52                  620        53                  651        54                  723        54
total loans and leases                               $1,236       100   %           $1,236       100   %           $1,216       100   %           $1,195       100   %           $1,221       100   %
(1) the qualitative allowance is presented within each loan class beginning in 2017, and prior periods have not been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
the allowance for credit losses totaled $1.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016. the alll represented 1.12% of total loans and leases and 142% of nonperforming loans and leases as of december 31, 2017 compared with 1.15% and 118%, respectively, as of december 31, 2016.
overall credit quality remained strong, reflecting growth in higher-quality, lower-risk retail loans and a broadly stable risk profile in the commercial loans and leases portfolios. nonperforming loans and leases of $871 million as of december 31, 2017 decreased $174 million from december 31, 2016, driven by a $122 million decrease in commercial nonperforming loans, mainly due to a reduction in commodities-related credits, and a $52 million decrease in retail nonperforming loans, largely reflecting a $74 million decrease in real estate secured categories, partially offset by a $20 million increase in auto. net charge-offs of $305 million decreased $30 million, or 9%, from $335 million in 2016. net charge-offs as a percentage of total average loans of 0.28% decreased four basis points compared to 2016.
79
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis risk elements the following table presents a summary of nonaccrual, past due and restructured loans and leases by class:
december 31,
(in millions)                                                            2017                2016                2015                2014                 2013
nonaccrual loans and leases commercial                                                               $238                $322                 $70                $113                  $96
commercial real estate                                                     27                  50                  77                  50                  169
leases                                                                      -                  15                   -                   -                    -
total commercial loans and leases                                         265                 387                 147                 163                  265
residential mortgages                                                     128                 144                 331                 345                  382
home equity loans                                                          72                  98                 135                 203                  266
home equity lines of credit                                               233                 243                 272                 257                  333
home equity loans serviced by others                                       25                  32                  38                  47                   59
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                             18                  33                  32                  25                   30
automobile                                                                 70                  50                  42                  21                   16
education                                                                  38                  38                  35                  11                    3
credit cards                                                               17                  16                  16                  16                   19
other retail                                                                5                   4                   3                   5                   10
total retail loans                                                        606                 658                 904                 930                1,118
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                        $871              $1,045              $1,051              $1,093               $1,383
loans and leases that are accruing and 90 days or more delinquent commercial                                                                  5                   2                   1                   1                    -
commercial real estate                                                      3                   -                   -                   -                    -
leases                                                                      -                   -                   -                   -                    -
total commercial loans and leases                                           8                   2                   1                   1                    -
residential mortgages                                                      16                  18                   -                   -                    -
home equity loans                                                           -                   -                   -                   -                    -
home equity lines of credit                                                 -                   -                   -                   -                    -
home equity loans serviced by others                                        -                   -                   -                   -                    -
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                              -                   -                   -                   -                    -
automobile                                                                  -                   -                   -                   -                    -
education                                                                   3                   5                   6                   6                   31
credit cards                                                                -                   -                   -                   1                    2
other retail                                                                5                   1                   2                   -                    -
total retail loans                                                         24                  24                   8                   7                   33
total accruing and 90 days or more delinquent                              32                  26                   9                   8                   33
total                                                                    $903              $1,071              $1,060              $1,101               $1,416
troubled debt restructurings (1)                                         $629                $633                $909                $955                 $777
(1) tdr balances reported in this line item consist of only those tdrs not reported in the nonaccrual loan or accruing and 90 days or more delinquent loan categories. thus, only those tdrs that are in compliance with their modified terms and not past due, or those tdrs that are past due 30-89 days and still accruing are included in the tdr balances listed above.
potential problem loans and leases at december 31, 2017, we did not identify any potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio that were not already included in "-risk elements." potential problem loans or leases consist of loans and leases where information about a borrower's possible credit problems cause management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present repayment terms.
commercial loan asset quality our commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of traditional commercial loans, commercial leases and commercial real estate loans. the portfolio is predominantly focused on customers in our footprint and adjacent states in which we have a physical presence where our local delivery model provides for strong client connectivity. additionally, we also do business in certain specialized industry sectors on a national basis.
80
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis for commercial loans and leases, we use regulatory classification ratings to monitor credit quality. loans with a "pass" rating are those that we believe will be fully repaid in accordance with the contractual loan terms. commercial loans and leases that are "criticized" are those that have some weakness that indicates an increased probability of future loss. see note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
nonperforming commercial loans and leases decreased $122 million to $265 million as of december 31, 2017 from $387 million as of december 31, 2016, largely tied to commodities-related credits. as of december 31, 2017, total commercial nonperforming loans were 0.5% of the commercial loan portfolio compared to 0.7% as of december 31, 2016. total 2017 commercial loan and lease portfolio net charge-offs of $35 million decreased from $46 million in 2016, largely reflecting higher recovery levels.
total commercial criticized loans and leases of $2.8 billion, or 5.4% of total loans and leases as of december 31, 2017 decreased from $2.9 billion, or 5.6%, at december 31, 2016. commercial criticized balances of $2.1 billion, or 5.7% of commercial loans, as of december 31, 2017, decreased from $2.3 billion, or 6.1%, as of december 31, 2016, largely driven by commodities-related credits. commercial real estate criticized balances of $602 million, or 5.3% of the commercial real estate portfolio, increased from $478 million, or 4.5%, as of december 31, 2016, driven by multi-family and office property types. commercial criticized loans represented 75% of total criticized loans as of december 31, 2017 compared to 78% as of december 31, 2016. commercial real estate accounted for 21% of total criticized loans as of december 31, 2017 compared to 16% as of december 31, 2016.
retail loan asset quality for retail loans, we primarily utilize payment and delinquency status to regularly review and monitor credit quality trends. historical experience indicates that the longer a loan is past due, the greater the likelihood of future credit loss. the largest portion of the retail portfolio is represented by borrowers located in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, although we have continued to grow selectively in areas outside the footprint primarily in the auto finance, education lending and unsecured portfolios.
the credit composition of our retail loan portfolio at december 31, 2017 reflected an average refreshed fico score of 762, which was slightly improved compared to december 31, 2016. the real estate secured portfolio cltv ratio is calculated as the mortgage and second lien loan balance divided by the most recently available value of the property, and was 59% as of december 31, 2017 and 62% as of december 31, 2016. retail asset quality continued to improve with a net charge-off rate of 0.47% for the year ended december 31, 2017, a decrease of six basis points from the year ended december 31, 2016, driven by improving asset quality and shift in portfolio mix.
heloc payment shock we monitor the potential for increased exposure to credit losses associated with helocs that were originated during the period of rapid home price appreciation between 2003 and 2007. industry wide, many of the helocs originated during this timeframe were structured with an extended interest-only payment period followed by a requirement to convert to a higher payment amount that would begin fully amortizing both principal and interest beginning at a certain date in the future. to help manage this potential exposure, we launched a comprehensive program in september 2013, designed to provide heightened customer outreach to inform, educate and assist customers through the reset process as well as to offer alternative financing and forbearance options. results of this program indicate that our efforts to assist customers at risk of default have successfully reduced delinquency and charge-off rates compared to our original expectations.
as of december 31, 2017, for the $1.7 billion of our heloc portfolio that reached the end of the interest-only draw period and entered repayment of principal and interest during 2014 and 2015, 94% of the balances had been refinanced, paid off or were current on payments, 3% were past due and 3% had been charged off. as of december 31, 2017, for the $738 million of our heloc portfolio that reached the end of the interest-only draw period and entered repayment of principal and interest in 2016, 95% of the balances had been refinanced, paid off or were current on payments, 3% were past due and 2% had been charged off. as of december 31, 2017, for the $730 million of our heloc portfolio that reached the end of the interest-only draw period and entered repayment of principal and interest in 2017, 94% of the balances had been refinanced, paid off or were current on payments, 5% were past due and 1% had been charged off.
as of december 31, 2017, a total of $1.0 billion of heloc balances were scheduled to reach the end of the interest-only draw period and enter repayment of principal and interest in 2018. for the $3.2 billion heloc portfolio scheduled to reach the end of the interest-only draw period and enter repayment of principal and interest between
81
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis january 1, 2018 and december 31, 2021, 49% was secured by a first lien, with a weighted-average fico score of the borrowers of 763 and a ltv ratio of 56%. these results compare to the total heloc portfolio of $13.6 billion that was 51% secured by a first lien, with a weighted-average fico score of the borrowers of 768 and a ltv ratio of 58%. factors that affect our future expectations for continued relatively low charge-off risk in the face of rising interest rates for the portion of our heloc portfolio subject to reset in future periods include a relatively high level of first lien collateral positions, improved loan-to-value ratios resulting from continued home price appreciation, relatively stable portfolio credit score profiles and continued robust loss mitigation efforts.
troubled debt restructurings tdr is the classification given to a loan that has been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial hardship that we would not otherwise make. tdrs typically result from our loss mitigation efforts and are undertaken in order to improve the likelihood of recovery and continuity of the relationship. our loan modifications are handled on a case-by-case basis and are negotiated to achieve mutually agreeable terms that maximize loan collectability and meet our borrower's financial needs. the types of concessions include interest rate reductions, term extensions, principal forgiveness and other modifications to the structure of the loan that fall outside our lending policy. depending on the specific facts and circumstances of the customer, restructuring can involve loans moving to nonaccrual, remaining on nonaccrual, or remaining on accrual status.
as of december 31, 2017, $761 million of retail loans were classified as tdrs, compared with $799 million as of december 31, 2016. the decrease was in part, attributable to a fourth quarter 2017 tdr loan sale of $78 million. as of december 31, 2017, $211 million of retail tdrs were in nonaccrual status with 51% current with payments, an improvement compared to $233 million in nonaccrual status with 55% current on payments at december 31, 2016. tdrs generally return to accrual status once repayment capacity and appropriate payment history can be established. tdrs are individually evaluated for impairment and loans, once classified as tdrs, remain classified as tdrs until paid off, sold or refinanced at market terms.
for additional information regarding tdrs, see "-critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" and note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
the following tables present an aging of our retail tdrs:
december 31, 2017
(in millions)                                       current              30-59 days           60-89 days           90+ days           total past due             past due           past due recorded investment:
residential mortgages                                   $88               $17                   $5                 $41                 $151
home equity loans                                        95                 7                    2                  17                  121
home equity lines of credit                             158                11                    3                  25                  197
home equity loans serviced by others                     45                 3                    1                   2                   51
home equity lines of credit serviced by others            8                 -                    -                   1                    9
automobile                                               19                 2                    1                   1                   23
education                                               163                 5                    3                   4                  175
credit cards                                             22                 1                    1                   1                   25
other retail                                              9                 -                    -                   -                    9
total                                                  $607               $46                  $16                 $92                 $761
82
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis december 31, 2016
(in millions)                                       current              30-59 days           60-89 days          90+ days past due           total past due             past due recorded investment:
residential mortgages                                  $115               $12                   $5                      $46                    $178
home equity loans                                       116                 8                    3                       18                     145
home equity lines of credit                             164                 7                    4                       21                     196
home equity loans serviced by others                     53                 3                    1                        3                      60
home equity lines of credit serviced by others            6                 -                    -                        3                       9
automobile                                               17                 1                    1                        -                      19
education                                               148                 3                    2                        2                     155
credit cards                                             23                 1                    1                        1                      26
other retail                                             11                 -                    -                        -                      11
total                                                  $653               $35                  $17                      $94                    $799
the following tables present the accrual status of our retail tdrs:
december 31, 2017
(in millions)                                       accruing             nonaccruing               total recorded investment:
residential mortgages                                    $98                     $53                $151
home equity loans                                         86                      35                 121
home equity lines of credit                              128                      69                 197
home equity loans serviced by others                      38                      13                  51
home equity lines of credit serviced by others             4                       5                   9
automobile                                                12                      11                  23
education                                                152                      23                 175
credit cards                                              24                       1                  25
other retail                                               8                       1                   9
total                                                   $550                    $211                $761
december 31, 2016
(in millions)                                       accruing             nonaccruing               total recorded investment:
residential mortgages                                   $117                     $61                $178
home equity loans                                        102                      43                 145
home equity lines of credit                              126                      70                 196
home equity loans serviced by others                      43                      17                  60
home equity lines of credit serviced by others             4                       5                   9
automobile                                                10                       9                  19
education                                                128                      27                 155
credit cards                                              25                       1                  26
other retail                                              11                       -                  11
total                                                   $566                    $233                $799
impact of nonperforming loans and leases on interest income the following table presents the gross interest income for both nonaccrual and restructured loans that would have been recognized if those loans had been current in accordance with their original contractual terms, and had been outstanding throughout the year, or since origination if held for only part of the year. the table also presents the interest income related to these loans that was actually recognized for the year.
83
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis
(in millions)                                                       for the year ended december 31, 2017
gross amount of interest income that would have been recorded (1)                          $121
interest income actually recognized                                 7
total interest income foregone                                                             $114
(1) based on the contractual rate that was being charged at the time the loan was restructured or placed on nonaccrual status.
cross-border outstandings cross-border outstandings can include loans, receivables, interest-bearing deposits with other banks, other interest-bearing investments and other monetary assets that are denominated in either dollars or other non-local currency.
as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, there were no aggregate cross-border outstandings from borrowers or counterparties in any country that exceeded 1%, or were between 0.75% and 1% of consolidated total assets.
derivatives in the normal course of business, we enter into a variety of derivative transactions in order to meet the financing needs of our customers, and to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. these transactions include interest rate swap contracts, interest rate options, foreign exchange contracts, residential loan commitment rate locks, forward sale contracts and purchase options. the assets and liabilities for derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets reflect the market value of these transactions. we designate certain derivatives as hedging instruments in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship (fair value or cash flow hedge). our remaining derivatives consist of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting and derivatives held for customer accommodation trading, or other purposes. we monitor the results of each transaction to ensure that management's intent is satisfied. we do not use derivatives for speculative purposes. for additional information regarding our derivative instruments, see note 13 "derivatives" in our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
the table below presents our derivative assets and liabilities.
december 31, 2017                                                                 december 31, 2016
(in millions)                                                                         notional amount (1)       derivative assets(2)        derivative liabilities(2)         notional amount (1)       derivative assets        derivative liabilities derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
interest rate contracts                                                                  $13,300                         $-                             $-                       $13,350                      $52                        $193
derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
interest rate contracts                                                                   80,180                        538                            379                        54,656                      557                         452
foreign exchange contracts                                                                 9,882                        148                            149                         8,039                      134                         126
other contracts                                                                            1,039                          7                              5                         1,498                       16                           7
total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments                                                                 693                            533                                                    707                         585
gross derivative fair values                                                                                            693                            533                                                    759                         778
less: gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets (3)                                                       (72        )                   (72   )                                               (106       )                (106   )
less: cash collateral applied (3)                                                                                        (4        )                  (151   )                                                (26       )                 (13   )
total net derivative fair values presented in the consolidated balance sheets                                          $617                           $310                                                   $627                        $659
(1) the notional or contractual amount of interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts is the amount upon which interest and other payments under the contract are based. for interest rate derivatives, the notional amount is typically not exchanged. therefore, notional amounts should not be taken as the measure of credit or market risk as they do not measure the true economic risk of these contracts.
(2) amounts reflect changes in the treatment of variation margin on certain centrally cleared derivatives.
(3) amounts represent the impact of enforceable master netting agreements that allow us to net settle positive and negative positions.
at december 31, 2017, the total derivative net asset value decreased $10 million and the total net liability value decreased by $349 million from december 31, 2016 driven by a change in the presentation of variation margin payments in the consolidated balance sheets in 2017. effective january 3, 2017, variation margin payments made on certain centrally-cleared derivative contracts were classified as settlement of those derivatives rather than the
84
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis posting of collateral. as a result of this change, on a prospective basis we modified our balance sheet presentation of certain interest rate swaps in 2017, such that the fair value of the swaps and the associated variation margin balances are reported as a single unit of account in derivative assets and/or derivative liabilities. at december 31, 2016, these variation margin balances were characterized as collateral. variation margin balances characterized as collateral are reported in interest-bearing cash and due from banks on the consolidated balance sheets.
derivatives designated as hedging instruments we use interest rate swap contracts to manage the interest rate exposure to variability in the interest cash flows on our floating rate assets and floating rate wholesale funding, and to hedge market risk on fixed rate capital markets debt issuances. the table below summarizes the related hedging activities.
december 31, 2017                                                                 december 31, 2016
(dollars in millions)                                   notional value   avg maturity (yrs)   float index   rate range fixed leg          notional value   avg maturity (yrs)   float index   rate range fixed leg receive-fixed:
cash flow - floating rate commercial loans(1)            $7,600                        2.98           1ml        (0.92% - 1.87%)           $6,350                        4.65           1ml        (0.88% - 1.84%)
fair value - senior debt issuance(2)                      5,200                        2.36           3ml        (1.06% - 1.92%)            4,000                        2.59           3ml        (1.06% - 1.66%)
total receive-fixed                                      12,800                                                                            10,350
pay-fixed:
cash flow - floating rate wholesale funding(3)              500                        1.01           1ml                  1.32%            3,000                        2.82           1ml        (0.91% - 1.98%)
total pay-fixed                                             500                                                                             3,000
total                                                   $13,300                                                                           $13,350
(1) we use receive-fixed swaps to minimize the exposure to variability in the interest cash flows on our floating rate assets.
(2) we use receive-fixed swaps to hedge market risk on fixed rate capital markets debt issuances.
(3) we use pay-fixed swaps to hedge floating rate wholesale funding.
during 2017, we increased our hedge position related to our floating rate commercial loans through the net addition of $1.3 billion in receive-fixed swaps to limit our exposure to declining interest rates. an additional $1.2 billion in receive-fixed swap were entered into during the year related to the fixed rate senior term debt issued. this further reduced our exposure to declining interest rates. we also reduced our position by a net $2.5 billion in pay-fixed swaps during the year related to our floating rate wholesale funding activities.
derivatives not designated as hedging instruments we enter into derivative contracts (including foreign exchange contracts and interest rate contracts) for the benefit of commercial customers and other business purposes. we economically hedge significant exposures related to these free-standing derivatives by entering into offsetting third-party contracts with approved, reputable and independent counterparties with substantially matching terms and currencies. credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. our exposure is limited to the replacement value of the contracts rather than the notional, principal or contract amounts. credit risk is minimized through credit approvals, limits, counterparty collateral and monitoring procedures. we also uses forward commitments to sell tbas and other commitments to sell residential mortgage loans at specified prices to economically hedge the interest rate risk in its residential mortgage loan activities, including residential loan commitment rate locks.
85
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis deposits the table below presents the major components of our deposits:
december 31,
(in millions)                          2017   2016                                   change         percent demand                          $29,279                  $28,472                  $807              3     %
checking with interest           22,229                   20,714                 1,515              7
regular savings                   9,518                    8,964       554                          6
money market accounts            37,454                   38,176                  (722   )         (2     )
term deposits                    16,609                   13,478                 3,131             23
total deposits                 $115,089                 $109,804                $5,285              5     %
total deposits as of december 31, 2017, increased $5.3 billion, or 5% to $115.1 billion compared to $109.8 billion and reflected particular strength in term deposits, checking with interest, demand deposits and regular savings products.
the following table presents the average balances and average interest rates paid for deposits.
for the year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                  2016                                            2015
(dollars in millions)                            average balances     yields/ rates              average balances     yields/ rates              average balances     yields/ rates noninterest-bearing demand deposits (1)           $28,134                -                        $27,634                -                        $26,606                -
checking with interest                            $21,458             0.37        %               $19,320             0.18        %               $16,666             0.11        %
money market accounts                              37,450             0.53                         37,106             0.36                         35,401             0.32
regular savings                                     9,384             0.04                          8,691             0.04                          8,057             0.03
term deposits                                      15,448             1.04                         12,696             0.78                         12,424             0.82
total interest-bearing deposits (1)               $83,740             0.53        %               $77,813             0.35        %               $72,548             0.33        %
(1) the aggregate amount of deposits by foreign depositors in domestic offices was $1.0 billion, $1.4 billion and $1.1 billion as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
borrowed funds short-term borrowed funds a summary of our short-term borrowed funds is presented below:
december 31,
(in millions)                                           2017                  2016              change       percent federal funds purchased                                 $460                  $533             ($73      )       (14   %)
securities sold under agreements to repurchase           355                   615                (260   )       (42   )
other short-term borrowed funds                        1,856                 3,211              (1,355   )       (42   )
total short-term borrowed funds                       $2,671                $4,359             ($1,688   )       (39   %)
short-term borrowed funds of $2.7 billion as of december 31, 2017, decreased $1.7 billion from december 31, 2016. the decrease resulted from a reduction of $1.4 billion in short-term fhlb advances included in other short-term borrowed funds and a $260 million decrease in customer repurchase agreements.
our advances, lines of credit, and letters of credit from the fhlb are collateralized by pledged mortgages and pledged securities at least sufficient to satisfy the collateral maintenance level established by the fhlb. the utilized borrowing capacity for fhlb advances and letters of credit was $9.4 billion and $13.4 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. our available fhlb borrowing capacity was $8.0 billion and $2.8 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we can also borrow from the frb discount window to meet short-term liquidity requirements. collateral, such as investment securities and loans, is pledged to provide borrowing capacity at the frb. at december 31, 2017, our unused secured borrowing capacity was approximately $41.2 billion, which included unencumbered securities, fhlb borrowing capacity, and frb discount window capacity.
86
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis key data related to short-term borrowed funds is presented in the following table:
as of and for the year ended december 31,
(in millions, except ratio data)                                                         2017                       2016                       2015
weighted-average interest rate at year-end: (1)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase               0.74     %                 0.26     %                 0.15     %
other short-term borrowed funds                                                          1.72                       0.94                       0.44
maximum amount outstanding at month-end during the year:
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)         $1,174                     $1,522                     $5,375
other short-term borrowed funds                                                         3,508                      5,461                      7,004
average amount outstanding during the year:
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)           $776                       $947                     $3,364
other short-term borrowed funds                                                         2,321                      3,207                      5,865
weighted-average interest rate during the year: (1)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase               0.36     %                 0.09     %                 0.22     %
other short-term borrowed funds                                                          1.32                       0.64                       0.28
(1) rates exclude certain hedging costs.
(2) balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements, as applicable.
long-term borrowed funds a summary of our long-term borrowed funds is presented below:
december 31,
(in millions)           2017                   2016
parent company:
2.375% fixed-rate senior unsecured debt, due 2021           $349                   $348
4.150% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2022            348                    347
5.158% fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt, due 2023, converting to floating at 3-month libor + 3.56% and callable beginning june 2018            333                    333
3.750% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2024            250                    250
4.023% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2024             42                     42
4.350% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2025            249                    249
4.300% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2025            749                    749
banking subsidiaries:
2.300% senior unsecured notes, due 2018 (1) (2)              -                    745
2.450% senior unsecured notes, due 2019 (1)            743                    747
2.500% senior unsecured notes, due 2019 (1)            741                    741
2.250% senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (1)            692                      -
floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (1)            299                      -
floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (1)            249                      -
2.200% senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (1)            498                      -
2.250% senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (1)            742                      -
2.550% senior unsecured notes, due 2021 (1)            964                    965
floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due 2022 (1)            249                      -
2.650% senior unsecured notes, due 2022 (1)            491                      -
federal home loan advances due through 2033          3,761                  7,264
other             16                     10
total long-term borrowed funds        $11,765                $12,790
(1) issued under cbna's global bank note program.
(2) reclassified to short-term borrowed funds.
the parent company's long-term borrowed funds as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 included principal balances of $2.3 billion and unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts of ($5) million and ($7) million, respectively. the banking subsidiaries' long-term borrowed funds as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 include principal balances of $9.5 billion and $10.5 billion, respectively, with unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts
87
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis of ($19) million and ($12) million, respectively, and hedging basis adjustments of ($63) million and ($40) million, respectively. see note 13 "derivatives" for further information about our hedging of certain long-term borrowed funds.
from an external issuance perspective, on february 24, 2017, we increased the size of cbna's global note program from $5.0 billion to $8.0 billion. on march 2, 2017, cbna issued $1.0 billion in three-year, senior bank debt, composed of $700 million in fixed-rate notes and $300 million in floating-rate notes indexed to 3-month libor. on may 26, 2017, cbna issued $1.5 billion in senior notes, consisting of $500 million of three-year fixed-rate notes, $250 million of three-year floating-rate notes, $500 million in five-year fixed-rate notes, and $250 million in five-year floating-rate notes. we also established a $500 million fair value hedge using a receive-fixed interest rate swap against the $500 million five-year fixed-rate senior debt, related to cbna's $1.5 billion senior note issuance in may 2017. on november 1, 2017, cbna issued $750 million in three-year, fixed-rate, senior bank debt.
long-term borrowed funds of $11.8 billion as of december 31, 2017 decreased $1.0 billion from december 31, 2016, reflecting a $2.5 billion increase in senior bank debt, offset by a decrease of $3.5 billion in long-term fhlb borrowings and a reclassification of $750 million in senior bank debt to short-term borrowings. access to additional funding through repurchase agreements, collateralized borrowed funds or asset sales continues to be available. additionally, capacity remains to grow deposits or issue senior or subordinated notes.
88
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis quarterly results of operations the following table presents unaudited quarterly consolidated statements of operations data and consolidated balance sheet data as of and for the four quarters of 2017 and 2016, respectively. we have prepared the consolidated statement of operations data and balance sheet data on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report and, in the opinion of management, each consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet includes all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of the results of operations and balance sheet data as of and for these periods. this information should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes, included in this report.
supplementary summary consolidated financial and other data (unaudited)
for the three months ended
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)                  december 31, 2017             september 30, 2017              june 30, 2017             march 31, 2017            december 31, 2016             september 30, 2016              june 30, 2016             march 31, 2016
operating data:
net interest income                                                 $1,080                        $1,062                       $1,026                     $1,005                        $986                          $945                         $923                       $904
noninterest income (1) (6) (10)                                        404                           381                          370                        379                         377                           435                          355                        330
total revenue                                                        1,484                         1,443                        1,396                      1,384                       1,363                         1,380                        1,278                      1,234
provision for credit losses                                             83                            72                           70                         96                         102                            86                           90                         91
noninterest expense (2) (7) (11)                                       898                           858                          864                        854                         847                           867                          827                        811
income before income tax expense (benefit)                             503                           513                          462                        434                         414                           427                          361                        332
income tax (benefit) expense (3) (8)                                  (163       )                   165                          144                        114                         132                           130                          118                        109
net income (4) (8) (12)                                               $666                          $348                         $318                       $320                        $282                          $297                         $243                       $223
net income available to common stockholders (4) (8) (12)              $666                          $341                         $318                       $313                        $282                          $290                         $243                       $216
net income per average common share- basic (5) (9) (13)              $1.35                         $0.68                        $0.63                      $0.61                       $0.55                         $0.56                        $0.46                      $0.41
net income per average common share- diluted (5) (9) (13)             1.35                          0.68                         0.63                       0.61                        0.55                          0.56                         0.46                       0.41
other operating data:
return on average common equity (14)                                 13.46       %                  6.87        %                6.48      %                6.52      %                 5.70       %                  5.82        %                4.94      %                4.45      %
return on average tangible common equity (14)                        19.92                         10.13                         9.57                       9.68                        8.43                          8.58                         7.30                       6.61
return on average total assets (14)                                   1.75                          0.92                         0.85                       0.87                        0.76                          0.82                         0.69                       0.65
return on average total tangible assets (14)                          1.83                          0.96                         0.89                       0.91                        0.79                          0.86                         0.72                       0.68
efficiency ratio (14)                                                60.52                         59.41                        61.94                      61.68                       62.18                         62.88                        64.71                      65.66
net interest margin (14)                                              3.08                          3.05                         2.97                       2.96                        2.90                          2.84                         2.84                       2.86
stock activity:
share price:
high                                                                $42.93                        $38.06                       $38.01                     $39.75                      $36.56                        $25.11                       $24.24                     $25.99
low                                                                  36.10                         31.51                        33.13                      32.99                       24.22                         18.58                        18.34                      18.04
share data:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                    $0.18                         $0.18                        $0.14                      $0.14                       $0.12                         $0.12                        $0.12                      $0.10
dividend payout ratio                                                   13       %                    26        %                  22      %                  23      %                   22       %                    22        %                  26      %                  24      %
89
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of
(dollars in millions)                                                                          december 31, 2017               september 30, 2017                june 30, 2017               march 31, 2017              december 31, 2016               september 30, 2016                june 30, 2016               march 31, 2016
balance sheet data:
total assets                                                                                    $152,336                        $151,356                       $151,407                     $150,285                      $149,520                        $147,015                       $145,183                     $140,077
loans and leases (15)                                                                            110,617                         110,151                        109,046                      108,111                       107,669                         105,467                        103,551                      100,991
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                                1,236                           1,224                          1,219                        1,224                         1,236                           1,240                          1,246                        1,224
total securities                                                                                  25,733                          25,742                         25,115                       25,996                        25,610                          25,704                         24,398                       24,057
goodwill                                                                                           6,887                           6,887                          6,887                        6,876                         6,876                           6,876                          6,876                        6,876
total liabilities                                                                                132,066                         131,247                        131,343                      130,438                       129,773                         126,834                        124,957                      120,112
deposits                                                                                         115,089                         113,235                        113,613                      112,112                       109,804                         108,327                        106,257                      102,606
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                           815                             453                            429                        1,093                         1,148                             900                            717                          714
other short-term borrowed funds                                                                    1,856                           1,505                          2,004                        2,762                         3,211                           2,512                          2,770                        3,300
long-term borrowed funds                                                                          11,765                          13,400                         13,154                       11,780                        12,790                          11,902                         11,810                       10,035
total stockholders' equity                                                                        20,270                          20,109                         20,064                       19,847                        19,747                          20,181                         20,226                       19,965
other balance sheet data:
asset quality ratios:
allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases                       1.12       %                    1.11        %                  1.12      %                  1.13      %                   1.15       %                    1.18        %                  1.20      %                  1.21      %
allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of nonperforming loans and leases                142                             131                            119                          117                           118                             112                            119                          113
nonperforming loans and leases as a percentage of total loans and leases                            0.79                            0.85                           0.94                         0.97                          0.97                            1.05                           1.01                         1.07
capital ratios:(16)
cet1 capital ratio (17)                                                                             11.2                            11.1                           11.2                         11.2                          11.2                            11.3                           11.5                         11.6
tier 1 capital ratio (18)                                                                           11.4                            11.3                           11.4                         11.4                          11.4                            11.5                           11.7                         11.9
total capital ratio (19)                                                                            13.9                            13.8                           14.0                         14.0                          14.0                            14.2                           14.9                         15.1
tier 1 leverage ratio (20)                                                                          10.0                             9.9                            9.9                          9.9                           9.9                            10.1                           10.3                         10.4
(1) fourth quarter 2017 noninterest income included $17 million of pre-tax notable items related to a gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction.
(2) fourth quarter 2017 noninterest expense included $40 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $22 million of 2017 tax legislation-related notable items (colleague and community investment) and $18 million related to other notable items ($15 million in top efficiency initiatives and $3 million of home equity operational items).
(3) fourth quarter 2017 income tax expense included $340 million of notable items driven by the 2017 tax legislation of $331 million of net deferred tax liability adjustment and $9 million of tax benefit related to colleague and community investment.
(4) fourth quarter 2017 net income included $317 million of after-tax notable items consisting of a $318 million benefit related the december 2017 tax legislation ($331 million of net deferred tax liability adjustment partially offset by $13 million of after-tax colleague and community investment), $10 million of after-tax gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction offset by $11 million of after-tax other notable items ($9 million in after-tax top efficiency initiatives and $2 million of after-tax home equity operational items).
(5) fourth quarter 2017 net income per average common share, basic and diluted, included $0.64 related to notable items, primarily driven by the 2017 tax legislation.
(6) second quarter 2017 noninterest income included $11 million of lease impairment credit-related costs.
(7) second quarter 2017 noninterest expense included $15 million of lease impairment credit-related costs.
(8) first quarter 2017 income tax expense and net income included $23 million benefit related to the settlement of certain tax matters.
(9) first quarter 2017 net income per average common share, basic and diluted, included $0.04 benefit related to the settlement of certain tax matters.
(10) third quarter 2016 noninterest income included $67 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of a $72 million gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction, partially offset by $5 million related to asset finance repositioning.
(11) third quarter 2016 noninterest expense included $36 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $17 million of top efficiency initiatives, $11 million related to asset finance repositioning and $8 million of home equity operational items.
(12) third quarter 2016 net income included $19 million of after-tax notable items consisting of a $45 million gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction, partially offset by $11 million of top efficiency initiatives, $10 million related to asset finance repositioning and $5 million of home equity operational items.
(13) third quarter 2016 net income per average common share, basic and diluted, included $0.04 related to notable items consisting of $0.09 attributable to the gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction, partially offset by a $0.02 impact from top efficiency initiatives, $0.02 impact related to asset finance repositioning and a $0.01 impact from home equity operational items.
(14) ratios for the periods above are presented on an annualized basis.
(15) excludes loans held for sale of $718 million, $1,224 million, $707 million, $669 million, $625 million, $526 million, $850 million, and $751 million as of december 31, 2017, september 30, 2017, june 30, 2017, march 31, 2017, december 31, 2016, september 30, 2016, june 30, 2016 and march 31, 2016, respectively.
(16) basel iii transitional rules for institutions applying the standardized approach to calculating risk-weighted assets became effective january 1, 2015. the capital ratios and associated components are prepared using the u.s. basel iii standardized transitional approach. the december 31, 2017 capital ratios reflect the retrospective adoption of fasb asu 2018-02, income statement-reporting comprehensive income (topic 220): reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income. see "-results of operations - 2017 compared with 2016 - income tax expense" for additional information.
(17) "common equity tier 1 capital ratio" represents cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(18) "tier 1 capital ratio" is tier 1 capital, which includes cet1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(19) "total capital ratio" is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(20) "tier 1 leverage ratio" is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
90
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis capital and regulatory matters as a bank holding company and a financial holding company, we are subject to regulation and supervision by the frb. our primary subsidiaries are our two insured depository institutions, cbna, a national banking association whose primary federal regulator is the occ, and cbpa, a pennsylvania-charted savings bank regulated by the department of banking of the commonwealth of pennsylvania and supervised by the fdic, its primary federal regulator. our regulation and supervision continues to evolve as the legal and regulatory framework governing our operations continue to change. the current operating environment reflects heightened regulatory expectations around many regulations including consumer compliance, the bank secrecy act, anti-money laundering compliance, and increased internal audit activities. for more information, see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business included in this report.
on december 22, 2017, president trump signed the 2017 tax legislation which included a reduction in the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. for citizens, this required a revaluation of our net deferred tax liability with a corresponding adjustment to current tax expense, and resulted in a $331 million net tax benefit. included in this net tax benefit was $145 million of expense related to the revaluation of our deferred tax assets associated with unrealized losses in aoci. fasb standards in-place at december 31, 2017 required us to revalue all deferred taxes, including those related to balances in aoci, through current tax expense. as a result, our unrealized loss balance in aoci was not revalued to reflect the new corporate tax rate. this impact, commonly referred to as the "stranded tax effect", was taken under consideration by fasb in january 2018 to address concerns primarily raised by banking institutions, including distortion of net income and regulatory capital. in february 2018, to address the "stranded tax effect", fasb issued asu 2018-02, income statement-reporting comprehensive income (topic 220): reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income, which provides entities the election to reclassify the difference between the new and old corporate tax rates resulting from the 2017 tax legislation between retained earnings and aoci for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. we have retrospectively adopted asu 2018-02, elected to reclassify $145 million between aoci and retained earnings, including indirect impacts from the decreased federal tax effect on future state tax benefits, and reflected this reclassification in our 2017 consolidated financial statements, included in this report.
dodd-frank regulation under the dodd-frank requirements, we must submit our annual capital plan and the results of our annual company-run stress tests to the frb by april 5th of each year and disclose certain results within 15 days after the frb discloses the results of its supervisory-run tests. on june 28, 2017, the frb informed us that it did not object to our 2017 capital plan or to our proposed capital actions for the period beginning july 1, 2017 and ending june 30, 2018. our 2017 capital plan includes quarterly common dividends of $0.18 per share through the end of 2017, increasing the quarterly common dividend to $0.22 per share in 2018, and a share repurchase plan through the second quarter of 2018. the timing and exact amount of future dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including capital position, financial performance and market conditions. on june 22, 2017, we published estimated dfast results under the supervisory severely adverse scenario on our regulatory filings and disclosures page on our investor relations website at http://investor.citizensbank.com.
the dodd-frank act also requires each of our bank subsidiaries to conduct stress tests on an annual basis and to disclose the stress test results. cbna submitted its 2017 annual stress tests to the occ on april 5, 2017 and published a summary of those results along with the stress test results of the parent company on june 22, 2017 on our investor relations website referenced above. cbpa submitted the results of its 2017 annual stress tests to the fdic on july 31, 2017 and published its summary results as an update to the parent company and cbna dodd-frank act company-run stress test disclosure on october 16, 2017 on our investor relations website referenced above.
similarly, we are required to submit the results of our mid-cycle company-run dfast stress tests by october 5th of each year and disclose the summary results of our internally developed stress tests under the severely adverse scenario between october 5th and november 4th. we submitted the results of our 2017 mid-cycle stress test to the frb on october 3, 2017 and disclosed a summary of the results on october 5, 2017. we publish these company-run estimated impacts of stress on our regulatory filings and disclosures page on our investor relations website referenced above.
91
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis capital framework under the u.s. basel iii capital framework, we and our banking subsidiaries must meet specific minimum requirements for the following ratios: common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital, total capital, and tier 1 leverage.
the u.s. adoption of the basel iii standardized approach by the federal banking regulators became effective for cfg, cbna and cbpa on january 1, 2015 subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions. in november 2017, the federal banking regulators issued a final rule that extended the 2017 transition provisions for certain u.s. basel iii capital rules for non-advanced approaches banking organizations, such as us. effective january 1, 2018, the final rule retains the 2017 u.s. basel iii transitional treatment of certain dtas, mortgage servicing assets, investments in non-consolidated financial entities and minority interests. as a result, effective january 1, 2018, our mortgage servicing assets will retain their 2017 risk weight treatment until the federal banking regulators revise the extended transitional treatment under the november 2017 final rule, which may occur in connection with the finalization of the related september 2017 proposal to simplify the capital treatment of certain dtas, mortgage servicing assets, investments in non-consolidated financial entities and minority interests.
the u.s. basel iii rules also impose a ccb on top of the following three minimum risk-weighted asset ratios: cet1 capital of 4.5%, tier 1 capital of 6.0% and total capital of 8.0%. the implementation of the ccb began on january 1, 2016 at the 0.625% level and increases by 0.625% on each subsequent january 1, until the buffer reaches its fully phased-in level of 2.5% on january 1, 2019. as such, the ccb for 2017 increased to 1.250% on january 1, 2017. banking institutions for which any risk-weighted asset ratio falls below its effective minimum (required minimum ratios plus the applicable ccb) will be subject to constraints on capital distributions, including dividends, share repurchases and certain discretionary executive compensation. the severity of the constraints depends on the amount of the shortfall.
the table below presents our actual regulatory capital ratios under the u.s. basel iii standardized transitional rules as well as pro forma u.s. basel iii standardized ratios after full phase-in of all requirements by january 1, 2018 as stated in the u.s. basel iii standardized rules.
transitional basel iii                                                                                                                                             pro forma basel iii assuming full phase-in
(in millions, except ratio data)            actual amount      actual ratio      required minimum plus required ccb for non-leverage ratios(6)(7)      fdia required well-capitalized minimum for purposes of prompt corrective action(9)          actual ratio(1)      required minimum plus required ccb for non-leverage ratios(6)(8)     fdia required well-capitalized minimum for purposes of prompt corrective action (9)
december 31, 2017
common equity tier 1 capital(2)            $14,309            11.2        %                                5.8                                  %                                         6.5                                           %           11.2         %                                7.0                                  %                                         6.5                                           %
tier 1 capital(3)                           14,556            11.4                                         7.3                                                                            8.0                                                       11.4                                          8.5                                                                            8.0
total capital(4)                            17,781            13.9                                         9.3                                                                           10.0                                                       13.9                                         10.5                                                                           10.0
tier 1 leverage(5)                          14,556            10.0                                         4.0                                                                            5.0                                                       10.0                                          4.0                                                                            5.0
risk-weighted assets                       127,692
quarterly adjusted average assets          145,601
december 31, 2016
common equity tier 1 capital(2)            $13,822            11.2        %                                5.1                                  %                                         6.5                                           %           11.1         %                                7.0                                  %                                         6.5                                           %
tier 1 capital(3)                           14,069            11.4                                         6.6                                                                            8.0                                                       11.3                                          8.5                                                                            8.0
total capital(4)                            17,347            14.0                                         8.6                                                                           10.0                                                       14.0                                         10.5                                                                           10.0
tier 1 leverage(5)                          14,069             9.9                                         4.0                                                                            5.0                                                        9.9                                          4.0                                                                            5.0
risk-weighted assets                       123,857
quarterly adjusted average assets          141,677
(1) fully phased-in regulatory capital ratios are key performance metrics. for more information on key performance metrics, see "-introduction - key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures."
(2) "common equity tier 1 capital ratio" is cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(3) "tier 1 capital ratio" is tier 1 capital, which includes cet1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(4) "total capital ratio" is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(5) "tier 1 leverage ratio" is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(6) required "minimum capital ratio" for 2016 and 2017 are: common equity tier 1 capital of 4.5%; tier 1 capital of 6.0%; total capital of 8.0%; and tier 1 leverage of 4.0%.
(7) "minimum capital ratio" includes capital conservation buffer for transitional basel iii of 1.250% for 2017 and 0.625% for 2016; n/a to tier 1 leverage.
(8)  "minimum capital ratio" for 2016 and 2017 includes capital conservation buffer for pro forma basel iii of 2.5%; n/a to tier 1 leverage.
(9) presented for informational purposes. prompt corrective action provisions apply only to insured depository institutions - cbna and cbpa.
92
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis at december 31, 2017, our cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were 11.2%, 11.4% and 13.9%, respectively, as compared with 11.2%, 11.4% and 14.0%, respectively, as of december 31, 2016. the cet1 and tier 1 capital ratios remained flat as net income of $1.7 billion, including the effect of the 2017 tax legislation of $331 million, was largely offset by risk-weighted asset growth and our capital plan actions over the period, which included common dividends of $322 million, preferred dividends of $14 million and the repurchase of $820 million of our outstanding common stock. the total capital ratio slightly decreased as a result of the cet1 capital ratio and tier 1 capital ratio movement, in addition to a decrease of $70 million for non-qualifying tier 2 subordinated debt. under u.s. basel iii standardized rules, tier 2 capital instrument eligibility is phased out by 20% per year, beginning five years from the applicable maturity date. at december 31, 2017, our cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were approximately 420 basis points, 290 basis points and 340 basis points, respectively, above their regulatory minimums plus the fully phased-in capital conservation buffer. based on both current and fully phased-in basel iii requirements, all ratios remained well above the u.s. basel iii minima.
standardized approach cfg, cbna and cbpa calculate regulatory ratios using the u.s. basel iii standardized approach, which prescribe many categories of assets, and depending on the nature of the assets, generally risk weight in a range from 0% for u.s. government and agency securities, to 600% for certain equity exposures. under this approach no distinction is made for variations in credit quality for corporate exposures. additionally, the economic benefit of collateral is restricted to a limited list of eligible securities and cash. at december 31, 2017, we estimate our cet1 capital, cet1 capital ratio and total risk-weighted assets using the u.s. basel iii standardized approach, on a fully phased-in basis, to be $14.3 billion, 11.2% and $128.0 billion, respectively.
the following table provides a reconciliation of regulatory ratios and ratio components using the u.s. basel iii standardized transitional rules and u.s. basel iii standardized estimates on a fully phased-in basis for common equity tier 1 capital, total capital and risk-weighted assets. this reconciliation applies the original transition provision effective january 1, 2015. effective january 1, 2018, u.s. basel iii ratio definitions impacting risk weighted assets and qualifying u.s. basel iii capital will be fully phased-in per the final transition provision rule issued by banking regulators in november 2017.
december 31,
(in millions, except ratio data)                                        2017                   2016
common equity tier 1 capital                                     $14,309                $13,822
impact of intangibles at 100%                                          -                      -
fully phased-in common equity tier 1 capital(1)                  $14,309                $13,822
total capital                                                    $17,781                $17,347
impact of intangibles at 100%                                          -                      -
fully phased-in total capital(1)                                 $17,781                $17,347
risk-weighted assets                                            $127,692               $123,857
impact of intangibles - 100% capital deduction                         -                      -
impact of mortgage servicing assets at 250% risk weight              297                    244
fully phased-in risk-weighted assets(1)                         $127,989               $124,101
transitional common equity tier 1 capital ratio(2)                  11.2   %               11.2   %
fully phased-in common equity tier 1 capital ratio(1)(2)            11.2                   11.1
transitional total capital ratio(3)                                 13.9                   14.0
fully phased-in total capital ratio(1)(3)                           13.9                   14.0
(1)fully phased-in regulatory capital ratios are key performance metrics. for more information on key performance metrics, see "-introduction - key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures."
(2) "common equity tier 1 capital ratio" is cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(3) "total capital ratio" is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
regulatory capital ratios and capital composition cet1 capital under u.s. basel iii standardized transitional rules totaled $14.3 billion at december 31, 2017, and increased $487 million from $13.8 billion at december 31, 2016, as net income of $1.7 billion, including the effect of the 2017 tax legislation of $331 million, was largely offset by the impact of common share repurchases and dividend payments. tier 1 capital at december 31, 2017 totaled $14.6 billion, reflecting a $487 million increase from $14.1 billion at december 31, 2016, driven by the changes in cet1 capital noted above. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $247 million of 5.500% fixed-to-floating non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock outstanding
93
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis which qualified as additional tier 1 capital. total capital of $17.8 billion at december 31, 2017, increased $434 million from december 31, 2016, as net income of $1.7 billion, including the effect of the 2017 tax legislation of $331 million, was largely offset by the impact of common share repurchases, dividend payments and a decrease of $70 million for non-qualifying tier 2 subordinated debt. under u.s. basel iii standardized rules, tier 2 capital instrument eligibility is phased out by 20% per year, beginning five years from the applicable maturity date.
risk-weighted assets ("rwa") totaled $127.7 billion at december 31, 2017, based on u.s. basel iii standardized transitional rules, up $3.8 billion from december 31, 2016. this increase was driven by growth in retail loans, including education, residential mortgages and unsecured personal loans as well as commercial real estate loans and unfunded commercial commitment rwa. included within the commercial real estate loan rwa increase was approximately $700 million tied to a change in the rwa designation for certain commercial real estate loans in first quarter 2017. these increases were partially offset by the rwa impact of run-off in the home equity and auto portfolios and a reduction in market risk, as we have not met the reporting threshold prescribed by market risk capital guidelines since the first quarter of 2017. the tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.0% at december 31, 2017 increased seven basis points from december 31, 2016, driven by a 34 basis point increase from higher cet1 capital as described above, largely offset by an increase of $3.9 billion in total average consolidated assets that drove a 27 basis point decline in the ratio.
the following table presents our capital composition under the u.s. basel iii capital framework:
transitional basel iii december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                          2017                        2016
total common stockholders' equity                                                             $20,023                     $19,499
exclusions(1):
net unrealized losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax:
debt and marketable equity securities                                                             236                         186
derivatives                                                                                       143                          88
unamortized net periodic benefit costs                                                            441                         394
deductions:
goodwill                                                                                       (6,887   )                  (6,876   )
deferred tax liability associated with goodwill                                                   355                         532
other intangible assets                                                                            (2   )                      (1   )
total common equity tier 1 capital                                                             14,309                      13,822
qualifying preferred stock                                                                        247                         247
total tier 1 capital                                                                           14,556                      14,069
qualifying subordinated debt(2)                                                                 1,901                       1,970
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                             1,236                       1,236
allowance for credit losses for off-balance sheet exposure                                         88                          72
total capital                                                                                 $17,781                     $17,347
(1) as a u.s. basel iii standardized approach institution, we selected the one-time election to opt-out of the requirements to include all the components of aoci.
(2) as of december 31, 2017, the amount of non-qualifying subordinated debt excluded from regulatory capital was $70 million.
capital adequacy process our assessment of capital adequacy begins with our risk appetite and risk management framework. this framework provides for the identification, measurement and management of material risks. capital requirements are determined for actual and forecasted risk portfolios using applicable regulatory capital methodologies. the assessment also considers the possible impacts of approved and proposed regulatory changes to future periods. key analytical frameworks, which enable the assessment of capital adequacy versus unexpected loss, supplement our base case forecast. these supplemental frameworks include stress testing, as well as an internal capital adequacy requirement that builds on internally assessed economic capital requirements. a robust governance framework supports our capital planning process. this process includes capital management policies and procedures that document capital adequacy metrics and limits, as well as our comprehensive capital contingency plan and the active engagement of both the legal-entity boards and senior management in oversight and decision-making.
94
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis forward-looking assessments of capital adequacy for us and our banking subsidiaries feed development of capital plans that are submitted to the frb and bank regulators. we prepare these plans in compliance with the frb's capital plan rule and participate annually in the frb's ccar review process. in addition to the stress test requirements under ccar, we also perform semi-annual company-run stress tests required by the dodd-frank act.
all distributions proposed under our capital plan are subject to consideration and approval by our board of directors prior to execution. the timing and exact amount of future dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including our capital position, financial performance and market conditions.
capital transactions
   declared and paid quarterly common stock dividends of $0.14 per share for the first and second quarters of 2017, and $0.18 per share for the third and fourth quarters of 2017, aggregating to common stock dividend payments of $322 million;
   declared semi-annual dividends of $27.50 per share on the 5.500% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series a preferred stock, aggregating to preferred stock dividend payments of $7 million on april 6, 2017 and october 6, 2017; and
   repurchased $820 million of our outstanding common stock.
banking subsidiaries' capital the following table presents our banking subsidiaries' capital ratios under u.s. basel iii standardized transitional rules:
transitional basel iii december 31,
2017                                                                 2016
(in millions, except ratio data)             amount          ratio               amount          ratio citizens bank, national association common equity tier 1 capital (1)            $11,917      11.4   %               $11,248      11.2   %
tier 1 capital(2)                            11,917      11.4                    11,248      11.2
total capital(3)                             14,127      13.5                    13,443      13.4
tier 1 leverage(4)                           11,917      10.3                    11,248      10.3
risk-weighted assets                        104,767                             100,491
quarterly adjusted average assets           115,291                             109,530
citizens bank of pennsylvania common equity tier 1 capital (1)             $3,045      12.9   %                $3,094      12.7   %
tier 1 capital(2)                             3,045      12.9                     3,094      12.7
total capital(3)                              3,284      13.9                     3,333      13.6
tier 1 leverage(4)                            3,045       8.7                     3,094       8.8
risk-weighted assets                         23,659                              24,426
quarterly adjusted average assets            34,821                              35,057
(1) "common equity tier 1 capital ratio" is cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(2) "tier 1 capital ratio" is tier 1 capital, which includes cet1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(3) "total capital ratio" is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(4) "tier 1 leverage ratio" is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
cbna cet1 capital totaled $11.9 billion at december 31, 2017, up $669 million from $11.2 billion at december 31, 2016 as net income of $1.4 billion including the effect of the 2017 tax legislation of $280 million was largely offset by dividend payments. at december 31, 2017, cbna held minimal additional tier 1 capital. total capital was $14.1 billion at december 31, 2017, an increase of $684 million from december 31, 2016, primarily driven by the increases in cet1 capital.
cbna risk-weighted assets of $104.8 billion at december 31, 2017 increased $4.3 billion from december 31, 2016 driven by growth in retail loans including education, residential mortgages and unsecured personal loans as well as commercial real estate loans and unfunded commercial commitment rwa. included within the commercial real estate loan rwa increase was approximately $400 million tied to a change in the rwa designation for certain commercial real estate loans in first quarter 2017. these increases were partially offset by the rwa impact of run-
95
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis off in the home equity and auto portfolios and a reduction in market risk, as cbna has not met the reporting threshold prescribed by market risk capital guidelines in 2017.
the cbna tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.3% at december 31, 2017 increased seven basis points from december 31, 2016, driven by a 59 basis point increase from higher cet1 capital as described above, largely offset by a $5.8 billion increase in total average consolidated assets that drove a 52 basis point decline in the ratio.
cbpa cet1 capital totaled $3.0 billion at december 31, 2017, and decreased $49 million from $3.1 billion at december 31, 2016 as dividend payments of $285 million were largely offset by net income of $328 million including the effect of the 2017 tax legislation of $74 million. at december 31, 2017, there was no additional tier 1 capital. total capital was $3.3 billion at december 31, 2017, a decrease of $49 million from december 31, 2016, driven by the decrease in cet1 capital as described above.
cbpa risk-weighted assets of $23.7 billion at december 31, 2017 decreased $767 million from december 31, 2016, driven by decreases in auto, commercial, residential mortgage and home equity rwa. these decreases were partially offset by growth in commercial real estate and education loan rwa. included within the commercial real estate loan rwa increase was approximately $300 million tied to a change of the rwa designation for certain commercial real estate loans in first quarter 2017.
the cbpa tier 1 leverage ratio of 8.7% at december 31, 2017 decreased eight basis points from december 31, 2016, driven by a 14 basis point decrease from lower cet1 capital as described above, offset by a $236 million decrease in total average consolidated assets that drove a six basis point increase in the ratio.
liquidity liquidity is defined as our ability to meet our cash-flow and collateral obligations in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost. an institution must maintain operating liquidity to meet its expected daily and forecasted cash-flow requirements, as well as contingent liquidity to meet unexpected (stress scenario) funding requirements. as noted earlier, reflecting the importance of meeting all unexpected and stress-scenario funding requirements, we identify and manage contingent liquidity (consisting of cash balances at the frb, unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities, and unused fhlb borrowing capacity). separately, we also identify and manage asset liquidity as a subset of contingent liquidity (consisting of cash balances at the frb and unencumbered high-quality securities). we consider the effective and prudent management of liquidity to be fundamental to our health and strength.
we manage liquidity at the consolidated enterprise level and at each material legal entity, including at the parent company, cbna and cbpa.
parent company liquidity our parent company's primary sources of cash are (i) dividends and interest received from our banking subsidiaries as a result of investing in bank equity and subordinated debt and (ii) externally issued senior and subordinated debt. uses of liquidity include the following: (i) routine cash flow requirements as a bank holding company, including periodic share repurchases and payments of dividends, interest and expenses; (ii) needs of subsidiaries, including banking subsidiaries, for additional equity and, as required, their needs for debt financing; and (iii) support for extraordinary funding requirements when necessary.
during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, the parent company paid dividends on common stock of $322 million and $241 million, respectively, and declared dividends on preferred stock of $14 million for both periods. during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, the parent company repurchased $820 million and $430 million of its outstanding common stock, respectively.
our parent company's cash and cash equivalents represent a source of liquidity that can be used to meet various needs and totaled $443 million as of december 31, 2017 compared with $551 million as of december 31, 2016. the parent company's double-leverage ratio (the combined equity of parent company subsidiaries divided by parent company equity) is a measure of reliance on equity cash flows from subsidiaries. at december 31, 2017, the parent company's double-leverage ratio was 103%.
banking subsidiaries' liquidity in the ordinary course of business, the liquidity of cbna and cbpa is managed by matching sources and uses of cash. the primary sources of bank liquidity include (i) deposits from our consumer and commercial franchise customers; (ii) payments of principal and interest on loans and debt securities; and (iii) wholesale borrowings, as needed, and as described under "-liquidity risk management and governance." the primary uses of bank liquidity
96
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis include (i) withdrawals and maturities of deposits; (ii) payment of interest on deposits; (iii) funding of loans and related commitments; and (iv) funding of securities purchases. to the extent that the banks have relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest.
our banking subsidiaries' major businesses involve taking deposits and making loans. hence, a key role of liquidity management is to ensure that customers have timely access to funds from deposits and loans. liquidity management also involves maintaining sufficient liquidity to repay wholesale borrowings, pay operating expenses and support extraordinary funding requirements when necessary.
from an external issuance perspective, on february 24, 2017, we increased the size of cbna's global note program from $5.0 billion to $8.0 billion. on march 2, 2017, cbna issued $1.0 billion in three-year senior notes, consisting of $700 million in fixed-rate notes and $300 million in floating-rate notes. on may 26, 2017, cbna issued $1.5 billion in senior notes, consisting of $500 million of three-year fixed-rate notes, $250 million of three-year floating-rate notes, $500 million in five-year fixed-rate notes, and $250 million in five-year floating-rate notes. on november 1, 2017, cbna issued $750 million in three-year senior notes.
liquidity risk we define liquidity risk as the risk that an entity will be unable to meet its payment obligations in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost. we manage liquidity risk at the consolidated enterprise level and at the legal entity level, including at the parent company, cbna and cbpa. liquidity risk can arise due to contingent liquidity risk and/or funding liquidity risk.
contingent liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions may reduce an entity's ability to liquidate, pledge and/or finance certain assets and thereby substantially reduce the liquidity value of such assets. drivers of contingent liquidity risk include general market disruptions as well as specific issues regarding the credit quality and/or valuation of a security or loan, issuer or borrower and/or asset class.
funding liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions and/or entity-specific events may reduce an entity's ability to raise funds from depositors and/or wholesale market counterparties. drivers of funding liquidity risk may be idiosyncratic or systemic, reflecting impediments to operations and/or damaged market confidence.
factors affecting liquidity given the composition of their assets and borrowing sources, contingent liquidity risk at both cbna and cbpa would be materially affected by such events as deterioration of financing markets for high-quality securities (e.g., mortgage-backed securities and other instruments issued by the gnma, fnma and the fhlmc), by any inability of the fhlbs to provide collateralized advances and/or by a refusal of the frb to act as lender of last resort in systemic stress.
similarly, given the structure of their balance sheets, the funding liquidity risk of cbna and cbpa would be materially affected by an adverse idiosyncratic event (e.g., a major loss, causing a perceived or actual deterioration in its financial condition), an adverse systemic event (e.g., default or bankruptcy of a significant capital markets participant), or a combination of both (e.g., the financial crisis of 2008-2010). however, during the financial crisis, our banking subsidiaries reduced their dependence on unsecured wholesale funding to virtually zero. consequently, and despite ongoing exposure to a variety of idiosyncratic and systemic events, we view our contingent liquidity risk and our funding liquidity risk to be relatively modest.
97
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis an additional variable affecting our access, and the access of our banking subsidiaries, to unsecured wholesale market funds and to large denomination (i.e., uninsured) customer deposits is the credit ratings assigned by such agencies as moody's, standard & poor's and fitch. the following table presents our credit ratings:
december 31, 2017
moody's         standard andpoor's         fitch citizens financial group, inc.:
long-term issuer                      nr              bbb+                       bbb+
short-term issuer                     nr              a-2                        f2
subordinated debt                     nr              bbb                        bbb preferred stock                       nr              bb+                        bb-
citizens bank, national association long-term issuer                      baa1            a-                         bbb+
short-term issuer                     nr              a-2                        f2
long-term deposits                    a1              nr                         a-
short-term deposits                   p-1             nr                         f2
citizens bank of pennsylvania:
long-term issuer                      baa1            a-                         bbb+
short-term issuer                     nr              a-2                        f2
long-term deposits                    a1              nr                         a-
short-term deposits                   p-1             nr                         f2
nr = not rated changes in our public credit ratings could affect both the cost and availability of our wholesale funding. as a result and in order to maintain a conservative funding profile, our banking subsidiaries continue to minimize reliance on unsecured wholesale funding. at december 31, 2017, our wholesale funding consisted primarily of secured borrowings from the fhlbs collateralized by high-quality residential mortgages and term debt issued by the parent company and cbna.
existing and evolving regulatory liquidity requirements, such as the lcr and nsfr, represent another key driver of systemic liquidity conditions and liquidity management practices. the frb, the occ, and the fdic regularly evaluate our liquidity as part of the overall supervisory process.
the lcr was developed to ensure banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. in september 2014, the u.s. federal banking regulators published the final rule to implement the lcr. this rule also introduced a modified version of the lcr in the u.s., which generally applies to bank holding companies not active internationally (institutions with less than $10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposure), with total assets of greater than $50 billion but less than $250 billion. under this definition, we are designated as a modified lcr financial institution and were 100% compliant beginning in january 2017. achieving sustainable lcr compliance may require changes in the size and/or composition of our investment portfolio, the configuration of our discretionary wholesale funding portfolio, and our average cash position. we remain fully compliant with the lcr as of december 31, 2017.
the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies have issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to implement the nsfr, along with a modified version with similar parameters as the lcr, that would designate us as a modified nsfr financial institution. the nsfr is one of the two basel iii-based liquidity measures, distinctly separate from the lcr, and is designed to promote medium- and long-term stable funding of the assets and off-balance sheet activities of banks and bank holding companies over a one-year time horizon. generally consistent with the basel committee's framework, under the proposed rule banking organizations would be required to hold an amount of available stable funding ("asf") over a one-year time horizon that equals or exceeds the institution's amount of required stable funding ("rsf"), with the asf representing the numerator and the rsf representing the denominator of the nsfr. the banking organizations subject to the modified nsfr would multiply the rsf amount by 70%, such that the rsf amount required for these companies would be required to maintain asf of at least 70% of its rsf. generally, these modified nsfr companies are defined as institutions with total assets of greater than $50 billion but less than $250 billion, and less than $10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposure. the proposed rule includes detailed descriptions of the items that would comprise asf and rsf and standardized factors that would apply to asf and rsf items, and would require any institution whose applicable modified nsfr falls under 100% to notify the appropriate federal regulator and develop a remediation plan.
98
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis we are currently evaluating the impact of the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies' nsfr framework. if ultimately adopted as currently proposed, the implementation of the nsfr could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future.
we continue to review and monitor these liquidity requirements to develop appropriate implementation plans and liquidity strategies. we expect to be fully compliant with the final rules on or prior to their applicable effective date.
liquidity risk management and governance liquidity risk is measured and managed by the funding and liquidity unit within our treasury unit in accordance with policy guidelines promulgated by our board and the asset and liability management committee. in managing liquidity risk, the funding and liquidity unit delivers regular and comprehensive reporting, including current levels versus threshold limits for a broad set of liquidity metrics and early warning indicators, explanatory commentary relating to emerging risk trends and, as appropriate, recommended remedial strategies.
the mission of our funding and liquidity unit is to deliver and otherwise maintain prudent levels of operating liquidity (to support expected and projected funding requirements), and contingent liquidity (to support unexpected funding requirements resulting from idiosyncratic, systemic, and combination stress events), and regulatory liquidity requirements. additionally, we will deliver this liquidity from stable funding sources, in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost, without significant adverse consequences.
we seek to accomplish this mission by funding loans with stable deposits; by prudently controlling dependence on wholesale funding, particularly short-term unsecured funding; and by maintaining ample available liquidity, including a contingent liquidity buffer of unencumbered high-quality loans and securities. as of december 31, 2017:
   core deposits continued to be our primary source of funding and our consolidated year-end loan-to-deposit ratio was 96.7%;
   our cash position (which is defined as cash balance held at the frb) totaled $2.0 billion;
   contingent liquidity was $30.3 billion, consisting of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets of $20.3 billion, unused fhlb capacity of $8.0 billion, and our cash position (defined above) of $2.0 billion. asset liquidity (a component of contingent liquidity) was $22.3 billion, consisting of our cash position of $2.0 billion and unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities of $20.3 billion; and
   available discount window capacity, defined as available total borrowing capacity from the frb based on identified collateral, is secured by non-mortgage commercial and retail loans and totaled $12.9 billion. use of this borrowing capacity would likely be considered only during exigent circumstances.
the funding and liquidity unit monitors a variety of liquidity and funding metrics and early warning indicators and metrics, including specific risk thresholds limits. these monitoring tools are broadly classified as follows:
   current liquidity sources and capacities, including cash at the frbs, free and liquid securities and available and secured fhlb borrowing capacity;
   liquidity stress sources, including idiosyncratic, systemic and combined stresses, in addition to evolving regulatory requirements such as the lcr and the nsfr; and
   current and prospective exposures, including secured and unsecured wholesale funding and spot and cumulative cash-flow gaps across a variety of horizons.
further, certain of these metrics are monitored individually for our banking subsidiaries, and for our consolidated enterprise on a daily basis, including cash position, unencumbered securities, asset liquidity, and available fhlb borrowing capacity. in order to identify emerging trends and risks and inform funding decisions, specific metrics are also forecasted over a one-year horizon.
cash flows from operating activities contributed $1.9 billion in 2017, led by net income of $1.7 billion, proceeds from sales of mortgage loans held for sale of $3.2 billion and proceeds from sales of commercial loans held for sale of $2.0 billion, partially offset by originations of mortgage loans held for sale of $2.9 billion and purchases of commercial loans held for sale of $2.1 billion. net cash used by investing activities was $4.0 billion, primarily reflecting a net increase in loans and leases of $3.6 billion and securities available for sale portfolio purchases of $5.4 billion, partially offset by proceeds from maturities, paydowns and sales of securities available for sale of $4.7 billion. cash provided by financing activities was $1.4 billion, driven by proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowed funds of $15.4 billion and a net increase in deposits of $5.3 billion, partially offset by repayments
99
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis of long-term borrowed funds of $12.8 billion and a net decrease in other short-term borrowed funds of $5.0 billion. the $15.4 billion proceeds included $3.3 billion from issuances of medium term debt and $12.1 billion in fhlb advances. the $12.8 billion of repayments were all related to fhlb advances. these activities represented a cumulative decrease in cash and cash equivalents of $672 million, which, when added to the cash and cash equivalents balance of $3.7 billion at the beginning of the year, resulted in an ending balance of cash and cash equivalents of $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2017.
cash flows from operating activities contributed $1.5 billion in 2016. net cash used by investing activities was $11.3 billion, primarily reflecting a net increase in loans and leases of $9.1 billion and securities available for sale portfolio purchases of $7.7 billion, partially offset by proceeds from maturities, paydowns and sales of securities available for sale of $5.8 billion. cash provided by financing activities was $10.5 billion, driven by proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowed funds of $15.1 billion and a net increase in deposits of $7.3 billion, partially offset by repayments of long-term borrowed funds of $8.4 billion and a net decrease in other short-term borrowed funds of $3.2 billion. the $15.1 billion proceeds included $1.3 billion from issuances of medium term debt and $13.8 billion in fhlb advances. the $8.4 billion of repayments includes $7.8 billion in repayments of fhlb advances and $625 million paid to repurchase subordinated debt. these activities represented a cumulative increase in cash and cash equivalents of $619 million, which when added to the cash and cash equivalents balance of $3.1 billion at the beginning of the year, resulted in an ending balance of cash and cash equivalents of $3.7 billion as of december 31, 2016.
contractual obligations the following table presents our outstanding contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017:
(in millions)                                                            total               less than 1 year            1 to 3 years           3 to 5 years        more than 5 years deposits with a stated maturity of less than one year (1) (2)          $98,480                $98,480                       $-                     $-                      $-
term deposits (1)                                                       16,609                 13,754                    2,336                    514                       5
long-term borrowed funds (1) (3)                                        11,765                      -                    7,727                  2,408                   1,630
contractual interest payments (4)                                        1,108                    291                      418                    222                     177
operating lease obligations                                                842                    171                      278                    192                     201
purchase obligations (5)                                                   844                    473                      235                     82                      54
total outstanding contractual obligations                             $129,648               $113,169                  $10,994                 $3,418                  $2,067
(1) deposits and long-term borrowed funds exclude interest.
(2) includes demand, checking with interest, regular savings, and money market account deposits. see "-deposits" for further information.
(3) includes obligations under capital leases.
(4) includes accrued interest and future contractual interest obligations related to long-term borrowed funds.
(5) includes purchase obligations for goods and services covered by non-cancelable contracts and contracts including cancellation fees.
off-balance sheet arrangements the following table presents our outstanding off-balance sheet arrangements. see note 18 "commitments and contingencies" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report:
december 31,
(in millions)                                           2017                   2016                 change           percent undrawn commitments to extend credit                 $62,959                $60,872                 $2,087                 3   %
financial standby letters of credit                    2,036                  1,892                    144                 8
performance letters of credit                             47                     40                      7                18
commercial letters of credit                              53                     43                     10                23
marketing rights                                          41                     44                     (3   )            (7   )
risk participation agreements                             16                     19                     (3   )           (16   )
residential mortgage loans sold with recourse              7                      8                     (1   )           (13   )
total                                                $65,159                $62,918                 $2,241                 4   %
in 2017, we entered into an agreement to purchase education loans on a quarterly basis. as of december 31, 2017, we completed all purchases under this arrangement.
100
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis critical accounting estimates our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in this report, are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our audited consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on our audited consolidated financial statements. estimates are made using facts and circumstances known at a point in time. changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. the most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
see note 1 "basis of presentation" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report, for further discussion of our significant accounting policies.
allowance for credit losses management's estimate of probable losses in our loan and lease portfolios including unfunded lending commitments is recorded in the alll and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date. the reserve for unfunded lending commitments is reported as a component of other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. our determination of such estimates is based on a periodic evaluation of the loan and lease portfolios and unfunded credit facilities, as well as other relevant factors. this evaluation is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates and judgments of underlying factors, all of which are susceptible to change.
the alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments could be affected by a variety of internal and external factors. internal factors include portfolio performance such as delinquency levels, assigned risk ratings, the mix and level of loan balances, differing economic risks associated with each loan category and the financial condition of specific borrowers. external factors include fluctuations in the general economy, unemployment rates, bankruptcy filings, developments within a particular industry, changes in collateral values and factors particular to a specific commercial credit such as competition, business and management performance. the alll may be adjusted to reflect our current assessment of various qualitative risks, factors and events that may not be measured in our statistical procedures. there is no certainty that the alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments will be appropriate over time to cover losses because of unanticipated adverse changes in any of these internal, external or qualitative factors.
the evaluation of the adequacy of the commercial, commercial real estate, and lease alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments is primarily based on risk rating models that assess probability of default ("pd"), loss given default ("lgd") and exposure at default on an individual loan basis. the models are primarily driven by individual customer financial characteristics and are validated against historical experience. additionally, qualitative factors may be included in the risk rating models. after the aggregation of individual borrower incurred loss, additional overlays can be made based on back-testing against historical losses and forward loss curve ratios.
for nonaccruing commercial and commercial real estate loans with an outstanding balance of $3 million or greater and for all commercial and commercial real estate tdrs (regardless of size), we conduct specific analysis on a loan level basis to determine the probable amount of credit loss. if appropriate, a specific alll is established for the loan through a charge to the provision for credit losses. for all classes of impaired loans, individual loan measures of impairment may result in a charge-off to the alll, if deemed appropriate. in such cases, the provision for credit losses is not affected when a specific reserve for at least that amount already exists. techniques utilized include comparing the loan's carrying amount to the estimated present value of its future cash flows, the fair value of its underlying collateral, or the loan's observable market price. the technique applied to each impaired loan is based on the workout officer's opinion of the most probable workout scenario. historically, this has generally led to the use of the estimated present value of future cash flows approach. the fair value of underlying collateral will be used if the loan is deemed collateral dependent. for loans that use the fair value of underlying collateral approach, a charge-off assessment is performed quarterly to write the loans down for declines in value to fair value less cost to sell.
for most non-impaired retail loan portfolio types, the alll is based upon the incurred loss model utilizing the pd, lgd and exposure at default on an individual loan basis. when developing these factors, we may consider the loan product and collateral type, delinquency status, ltv ratio, lien position, borrower's credit, time outstanding,
101
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis geographic location and incurred loss period. incurred loss periods are reviewed and updated at least annually, and potentially more frequently when economic situations change rapidly, as they tend to fluctuate with economic cycles. incurred loss periods are generally longer in good economic times and shorter in bad times. certain retail portfolios, including sbo home equity loans and credit card receivables utilize roll rate models to estimate the alll. for the portfolios measured using the incurred loss model, roll rate models are also used to support management overlays if deemed necessary.
for home equity lines and loans, a number of factors impact the pd. specifically, the borrower's current fico score, the utilization rate, delinquency statistics, borrower income, current cltv ratio and months on books are all used to assess the borrower's creditworthiness. similarly, lgd is also impacted by various factors, including the utilization rate, the cltv ratio, the lien position, the housing price index change for the location (as measured by the case-shiller index), age of the loan and current loan balance.
when we are not in a first lien position, we use delinquency information on the first lien exposures obtained from third-party credit information providers in the credit assessment. for all first liens, whether owned by a third party or by us, an additional assessment is performed on a quarterly basis. in this assessment, the most recent three months' performance of the senior liens is reviewed for delinquency (90 days or more past due), modification, foreclosure and/or bankruptcy statuses. if any derogatory status is present, the junior lien will be placed on nonaccrual status regardless of its delinquency status on our books. this subsequent change to nonaccrual status will alter the treatment in the pd model, thus affecting the reserve calculation.
in addition, the first lien exposure is combined with the second lien exposure to generate a cltv. the cltv is a more accurate reflection of the leverage of the borrower against the property value, as compared to the ltv from just the junior lien(s). the cltv is used for modeling both the junior lien pd and lgd. this also impacts the alll rates for the junior lien helocs.
the above measures are all used to assess the pd and lgd for heloc borrowers for whom we originated the loans. there is also a portfolio of home equity products that were originated and serviced by others; however, we currently service some of the loans in this portfolio. the sbo portfolio is modeled as a separate class and the reserves for this class are generated by using the delinquency roll rate models as described below.
for retail tdrs that are not collateral-dependent, allowances are developed using the present value of expected future cash flows, compared to the recorded investment in the loans. expected re-default factors are considered in this analysis. retail tdrs that are deemed collateral-dependent are written down to the fair market value of the collateral less costs to sell. the fair value of collateral is periodically monitored subsequent to the modification.
changes in the levels of estimated losses can significantly affect management's determination of an appropriate alll. for retail loans, losses are affected by such factors as loss severity, collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. a one basis point and five basis point increase in the estimated loss rate for retail loans at december 31, 2017 would have increased the alll by $6 million and $29 million, respectively. the alll for our commercial banking segment is sensitive to assigned credit risk ratings and inherent loss rates. if 10% and 20% of the december 31, 2017 year end loan balances (including unfunded commitments) within each risk rating category of our commercial banking segment had experienced downgrades of two risk categories, the alll would have increased by $60 million and $111 million, respectively.
commercial loans and leases are charged off to the alll when there is little prospect of collecting either principal or interest. charge-offs of commercial loans and leases usually involve receipt of borrower-specific adverse information. for commercial collateral-dependent loans, an appraisal or other valuation is used to quantify a shortfall between the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell and the recorded investment in the commercial loan. retail loan charge-offs are generally based on established delinquency thresholds rather than borrower-specific adverse information. when a loan is collateral-dependent, any shortfalls between the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell and the recorded investment is promptly charged off. placing any loan or lease on nonaccrual status does not by itself require a partial or total charge-off; however, any identified losses are charged off at that time.
as of december 31, 2017, we enhanced the method for assessing various qualitative risks, factors and events that may not be measured in the modeled results. the new methodology includes a statistical analysis of prior charge-off rates on a historical basis combined with a qualitative assessment based on quantitative measures affecting the determination of incurred losses in the loan and lease portfolio and provides better alignment of the qualitative alll to the commercial and retail loan portfolios. the impact of the change is an increase of approximately $50 million to the commercial alll with a corresponding decrease to the retail alll; there was not a significant impact on the total qualitative alll as of december 31, 2017. there were no other material changes in assumptions or
102
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis estimation techniques compared with prior years that impacted the determination of the current year's alll and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.
for additional information regarding the alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, see note 1 "basis of presentation" and note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets and concentrations of credit risk" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
fair value we measure fair value using the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. fair value is based upon quoted market prices in an active market, where available. if quoted prices are not available, observable market-based inputs or independently sourced parameters are used to develop fair value, whenever possible. such inputs may include prices of similar assets or liabilities, yield curves, interest rates, prepayment speeds and foreign exchange rates.
we classify our assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value in accordance with the three-level valuation hierarchy:
   level 1. quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
   level 2. observable inputs other than level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar instruments; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and
   level 3. unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market information and that are significant to the fair value measurement.
classification in the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the asset or liability. for instruments classified in level 1 and 2 where inputs are primarily based upon observable market data, there is less judgment applied in arriving at the fair value. for instruments classified in level 3, management judgment is more significant due to the lack of observable market data.
significant assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis include our mortgage-backed securities available for sale. these instruments are priced using an external pricing service and are classified as level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. the service's pricing models use predominantly observable valuation inputs to measure the fair value of these securities under both the market and income approaches. the pricing service utilizes a matrix pricing methodology to price our u.s. agency pass-through securities, which involves making adjustments to to-be-announced security prices based on a matrix of various mortgage-backed securities characteristics such as weighted-average maturities, indices and other pool-level information. other agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities are priced using a discounted cash flow methodology. this methodology includes estimating the cash flows expected to be received for each security using projected prepayment speeds and default rates based on historical statistics of the underlying collateral and current market conventions. these estimated cash flows are then discounted using market-based discount rates that incorporate characteristics such as average life, volatility, ratings, performance of the underlying collateral, and prevailing market conditions.
we review and update the fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. changes from one quarter to the next related to the observability of inputs in fair value measurements may result in a reclassification between the fair value hierarchy levels and are recognized based on year-end balances. we also verify the accuracy of the pricing provided by our primary external pricing service on a quarterly basis. this process involves using a secondary external vendor to provide valuations for our securities portfolio for comparison purposes. any securities with discrepancies beyond a certain threshold are researched and, if necessary, valued by an independent outside broker.
fair value is also used on a nonrecurring basis to evaluate certain assets for impairment or for disclosure purposes. examples of nonrecurring uses of fair value include mortgage servicing rights accounted for by the amortization method, loan impairments for certain loans and goodwill.
the fair value of assets under operating leases is determined using collateral specific pricing digests, external appraisals, broker opinions, recent sales data from industry equipment dealers, and the discounted cash flows derived from the underlying lease agreement. as market data for similar assets and lease agreements is available and used in the valuation, these assets are classified as level 2.
103
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis for additional information regarding our fair value measurements, see note 1 "basis of presentation," note 3 "securities," note 8 "mortgage banking," note 13 "derivatives," and note 19 "fair value measurements" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
income taxes accrued income taxes are reported as a component of either other assets or other liabilities, as appropriate, in the consolidated balance sheets. deferred income tax assets and liabilities represent our estimate of the amount of future income taxes to be paid or that effectively have been prepaid, and the net balance is reported as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets. we determine the realization of the deferred tax asset based upon an evaluation of the four possible sources of taxable income: (i) the future reversals of taxable temporary differences; (ii) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards; (iii) taxable income in prior carryback years if carryback is permitted under the tax law; and (iv) tax planning strategies. in projecting future taxable income, we utilize forecasted pre-tax earnings, adjust for the estimated book tax differences and incorporate assumptions, including the amount of income allocable to taxing jurisdictions. these assumptions require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that we use to manage the underlying businesses. the realization of the deferred tax assets could be reduced in the future if these estimates are significantly different than forecasted.
we are subject to income tax in the u.s. and multiple state and local jurisdictions. the tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction may be interpreted differently in certain situations, which could result in a range of outcomes. thus, we are required to exercise judgment regarding the application of these tax laws and regulations. we evaluate and recognize tax liabilities related to any tax uncertainties. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may differ from the current estimate of tax liabilities or refunds.
our estimate of accrued income taxes, deferred income taxes and income tax expense can also change in any period as a result of new legislative or judicial guidance impacting tax positions, as well as changes in income tax rates.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 1 "basis of presentation," and note 22 "income taxes" to our audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
risk governance we are committed to maintaining a strong, integrated and proactive approach to the management of all risks to which we are exposed in pursuit of our business objectives. a key aspect of our board's responsibility as the main decision making body is setting our risk appetite to ensure that the levels of risk that we are willing to accept in the attainment of our strategic business and financial objectives are clearly understood.
to enable our board to carry out its objectives, it has delegated authority for risk management activities, as well as governance and oversight of those activities, to a number of board and executive management level risk committees. the executive risk committee ("erc"), chaired by the chief risk officer, is responsible for oversight of risk across the enterprise and actively considers our inherent material risks, analyzes our overall risk profile and seeks confirmation that the risks are being appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated. reporting to the erc are the following additional committees, covering specific areas of risk: compliance and operational risk committee, model risk committee, credit policy committee, asset/liability committee, business initiatives review committee, and the ethics oversight committee.
risk framework our risk management framework is embedded in our business through a "three lines of defense" model which defines responsibilities and accountabilities for risk management activities.
first line of defense the business lines (including their associated support functions) are the first line of defense and are accountable for identifying, assessing, managing, and controlling the risks associated with the products and services they provide. the business lines are responsible for performing regular risk assessments to identify and assess the material risks that arise in their area of responsibility, complying with relevant risk policies, testing and certifying the adequacy and effectiveness of their operational and financial reporting controls on a regular basis, establishing
104
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis and documenting operating procedures and establishing and owning a governance structure for identifying and managing risk.
second line of defense the second line of defense includes independent monitoring and control functions accountable for developing and ensuring implementation of risk and control frameworks and related policies. this centralized risk function is appropriately independent from the business and is accountable for overseeing and challenging our business lines on the effective management of their risks, including credit, market, operational, regulatory, reputational, interest rate, liquidity and strategic risks.
third line of defense our internal audit function is the third line of defense providing independent assurance with a view of the effectiveness of citizens' internal controls, governance practices, and culture so that risk is managed appropriately for the size, complexity, and risk profile of the organization. internal audit has complete and unrestricted access to any and all bank records, physical properties and personnel. internal audit issues a report following each internal review and provides an audit opinion to citizens' audit committee on a quarterly basis.
credit quality assurance reports to the chief audit executive and provides the legal-entity boards, senior management and other stakeholders with independent assurance on the quality of credit portfolios and adherence to agreed credit risk appetite and credit policies and processes. in line with its procedures and regulatory expectations, the credit quality assurance function undertakes a program of portfolio testing, assessing and reporting through four risk pillars of asset quality, rating and data integrity, risk management and credit risk appetite.
risk appetite risk appetite is a strategic business and risk management tool. we define our risk appetite as the maximum limit of acceptable risk beyond which we could be unable to achieve our strategic objectives and capital adequacy obligations.
our principal non-market risks include credit, operational, regulatory, reputational, liquidity and strategic risks. we are also subject to certain market risks which include potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. market risk in our business arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rates, foreign exchange risk and non-trading activities within capital markets. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report on market risk. we actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks. see "-market risk" for further information. our risk appetite is reviewed and approved annually by the board risk committee.
credit risk overview credit risk represents the potential for loss arising from a customer, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform in accordance with the contractual terms of the obligation. while the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, we do engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, and trading activities. given the financial impact of credit risk on our earnings and balance sheet, the assessment, approval and management of credit risk represents a major part of our overall risk-management responsibility.
objective the independent credit risk function is responsible for reviewing and approving credit risk appetite across all lines of business and credit products, approving larger and higher risk credit transactions, monitoring portfolio performance, identifying problem credit exposures, and ensuring remedial management.
105
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis organizational structure management and oversight of credit risk is the responsibility of both the business line and the second line of defense. the second line of defense, the independent credit risk function, is led by the chief credit officer who oversees all of our credit risk. the chief credit officer reports to the chief risk officer. the chief credit officer, acting in a manner consistent with board policies, has responsibility for, among other things, the governance process around policies, procedures, risk acceptance criteria, credit risk appetite, limits and authority delegation. the chief credit officer and team also have responsibility for credit approvals for larger and higher risk transactions and oversight of line of business credit risk activities. reporting to the chief credit officer are the heads of the second line of defense credit functions specializing in: consumer banking, commercial banking, citizens restructuring management, portfolio and corporate reporting, alll analytics, current expected credit loss, and credit policy and administration. each team under these leaders is composed of highly experienced credit professionals.
governance the primary mechanisms used to govern our credit risk function are our consumer and commercial credit policies. these policies outline the minimum acceptable lending standards that align with our desired risk appetite. material changes in our business model and strategies that identify a need to change our risk appetite or highlight a risk not previously contemplated are identified by the individual committees and presented to the credit policy committee, executive risk committee and the board risk committee for approval, as appropriate.
key management processes we employ a comprehensive and integrated risk control program to proactively (i) identify, (ii) measure, (iii) monitor, and (iv) mitigate existing and emerging credit risks across the credit lifecycle (origination, account management/portfolio management, and loss mitigation and recovery).
consumer on the consumer banking side of credit risk, our teams use models to evaluate consumer loans across the lifecycle of the loan. starting at origination, credit scoring models are used to forecast the probability of default of an applicant. when approving customers for a new loan or extension of an existing credit line, credit scores are used in conjunction with other credit risk variables such as affordability, length of term, collateral value, collateral type, and lien subordination.
to ensure proper oversight of the underwriting teams, lending authority is granted by the second line of defense credit risk function to each underwriter. the amount of delegated authority depends on the experience of the individual. we periodically evaluate the performance of each underwriter and annually reauthorize their delegated authority. only senior members of the second line of defense credit risk team are authorized to approve significant exceptions to credit policies. it is not uncommon to make exceptions to established policies when compensating factors are present. there are exception limits which, when reached, trigger a comprehensive analysis.
once an account is established, credit scores and collateral values are refreshed at regular intervals to allow for proactive identification of increasing or decreasing levels of credit risk. our approach to managing credit risk is highly analytical and, where appropriate, is automated, to ensure consistency and efficiency.
commercial on the commercial banking side of credit risk, the structure is broken into c&i loans and leases and cre. within c&i loans and leases there are separate verticals established for certain specialty products (e.g., asset-based lending, leasing, franchise finance, health care, and technology, mid-corporate). a "specialty vertical" is a stand-alone team of industry or product specialists. substantially all activity that falls under the ambit of the defined industry or product is managed through a specialty vertical when one exists. cre also operates as a specialty vertical.
commercial credit risk management begins with defined credit products and policies.
commercial transactions are subject to individual analysis and approval at origination and, with few exceptions, are subject to a formal annual review requirement. the underwriting process includes the establishment and approval of credit grades that confirm the pd and lgd. all material transactions then require the approval of both a business line approver and an independent credit approver with the requisite level of delegated authority. the approval level of a particular credit facility is determined by the size of the credit relationship as well as the pd. the checks and balances in the credit process and the independence of the credit approver function are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit
106
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis problems when they occur, and to provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. all authority to grant credit is delegated through the independent credit risk function and is closely monitored and regularly updated.
the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. in addition to the credit analysis conducted during the approval process at origination and annual review, our credit quality assurance group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality of the portfolio and new originations. this group conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, and validate risk ratings, as well as test the consistency of the credit processes and the effectiveness of credit risk management.
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. concentration risk is managed through limits on industry asset class and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary markets (for this purpose defined as our 11 state footprint plus contiguous states), although we do engage in lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe that the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives.
substantially all loans categorized as classified are managed by a specialized group of credit professionals.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. modest market risk arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rate and foreign exchange risk. as described below, more material market risk arises from our non-trading banking activities, such as loan origination and deposit-gathering. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. we actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks.
non-trading risk we are exposed to market risk as a result of non-trading banking activities. this market risk is substantially composed of interest rate risk, as we have no direct currency or commodity risk and de minimis equity risk. we also have market risk related to capital markets loan originations, as well as the valuation of our mortgage servicing rights.
interest rate risk interest rate risk emerges from the balance sheet after the aggregation of our assets, liabilities and equity. we refer to this non-trading risk embedded in the balance sheet as "structural interest rate risk" or "interest rate risk in the banking book."
a major source of structural interest rate risk is a difference in the repricing of assets, on the one hand, and liabilities and equity, on the other. first, there are differences in the timing and drivers of rate changes reflecting the maturity and/or repricing of assets and liabilities. for example, the rate earned on a commercial loan may reprice monthly with changes in libor while the rate paid on a debt or certificates of deposit may be fixed for a longer period. there are differences in the drivers of rate changes as well. loans may be tied to a specific index rate such as libor or prime, while deposits may be only loosely correlated with libor and depend on competitive demand. due to these basis differences, net interest income is sensitive to changes in spreads between certain indices or repricing rates.
another important source of structural interest rate risk relates to the potential exercise of explicit or embedded options. for example, most consumer loans can be prepaid without penalty; and most consumer deposits can be withdrawn without penalty. the exercise of such options by customers can exacerbate the timing differences discussed above.
a primary source of our structural interest rate risk relates to faster repricing of floating rate loans relative to the retail deposit funding. this source of asset sensitivity is now fairly evenly split between the short and long ends of the yield curve. for the past eight years with the federal funds rate near zero, this risk had been asymmetrical with significantly more upside benefit than potential exposure. as interest rates have begun to rise, the risk position has become more symmetrical as rates can decline further before becoming floored at zero.
107
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the secondary source of our interest rate risk is driven by longer term rates comprising the rollover or reinvestment risk on fixed rate loans as well as the prepayment risk on mortgage related loans and securities funded by non-rate sensitive deposits and equity.
the primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control exposure to interest rate risk within policy limits approved by the board. these limits and guidelines reflect our tolerance for interest rate risk over both short-term and long-term horizons. to ensure that exposure to interest rate risk is managed within this risk appetite, we must both measure the exposure and, as necessary, hedge it. the treasury asset and liability management team is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on the structural interest rate risk position. these exposures are reported on a monthly basis to the asset and liability committee ("alco") and at board meetings.
we measure structural interest rate risk through a variety of metrics intended to quantify both short-term and long-term exposures. the primary method that we use to quantify interest rate risk is simulation analysis in which we model net interest income from assets, liabilities and hedge derivative positions under various interest rate scenarios over a three-year horizon. exposure to interest rate risk is reflected in the variation of forecasted net interest income across scenarios.
key assumptions in this simulation analysis relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, the changes in product balances and the behavior of loan and deposit clients in different rate environments. the most material of these behavioral assumptions relate to the repricing characteristics and balance fluctuations of deposits with indeterminate (i.e., non-contractual) maturities as well as the pace of mortgage prepayments. assessments are periodically made by running sensitivity analysis of the impact of key assumptions. the results of these analyses are reported to alco.
as the future path of interest rates cannot be known in advance, we use simulation analysis to project net interest income under various interest rate scenarios including a "most likely" (implied forward) scenario as well as a variety of deliberately extreme and perhaps unlikely scenarios. these scenarios may assume gradual ramping of the overall level of interest rates, immediate shocks to the level of rates and various yield curve twists in which movements in short- or long-term rates predominate. generally, projected net interest income in any interest rate scenario is compared to net interest income in a base case where market forward rates are realized.
the table below reports net interest income exposures against a variety of interest rate scenarios. our policies involve measuring exposures as a percentage change in net interest income over the next year due to either instantaneous or gradual parallel changes in rates relative to the market implied forward yield curve. with rates rising from historically low levels due to federal open market committee rate increases in december 2016, march 2017, june 2017, and december 2017, exposure to falling rates has increased. while rates have begun to rise off of the very low levels, an instantaneous decline of 2.0% is still not possible. as the following table illustrates, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive: net interest income would benefit from an increase in interest rates. exposure to a decline in interest rates is within limit. while an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates was used in this analysis, we believe that any actual shift in interest rates would likely be more gradual and would therefore have a more modest impact as demonstrated in the following table.
the table below presents the sensitivity of net interest income to various parallel yield curve shifts from the market implied forward yield curve:
estimated % change innet interest income over 12 months december 31, basis points                                    2017                                      2016
instantaneous change in interest rates
+200                                             9.6   %                                  11.3   %
+100                                             4.9                                       5.6
-100                                            (5.9   )                                  (6.9   )
gradual change in interest rates
+200                                             5.1                                       5.9
+100                                             2.7                                       3.1
-100                                            (1.8   )                                  (3.0   )
asset sensitivity against a 200 basis point gradual increase in rates was 5.1% at december 31, 2017, a decline from 5.9% at december 31, 2016. the core asset sensitivity is the result of a faster repricing of the loan book relative
108
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis to the deposit and equity funding. as the fed has slowly begun to normalize rates, given improved economic growth and data, this upward trend in rates has benefited our net interest income and net interest margin as a result of the asset sensitivity. the risk position can be affected by changes in interest rates which impact the repricing sensitivity or beta of the deposit base as well as the cash flows on prepayable assets. the risk position is managed within our risk limits through occasional adjustments to securities investments, interest rate swaps and mix of funding.
we use a valuation measure of exposure to structural interest rate risk, economic value of equity ("eve"), as a supplement to net interest income simulations. eve complements net interest income simulation analysis as it estimates risk exposure over a long-term horizon. eve measures the extent to which the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuation in interest rates. this analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. the change in value is expressed as a percentage of regulatory capital.
capital markets a key component of our capital markets activities is the underwriting and distribution of corporate credit facilities to partially finance mergers and acquisitions transactions for our clients.  we have a rigorous risk management process around these activities, including a limit structure capping our underwriting risk, our potential loss, and sub limits for specific asset classes.  further, the ability to approve underwriting exposure is delegated only to senior level individuals in the credit risk management and capital markets organizations with each transaction adjudicated in a formal committee meeting.
mortgage servicing rights we have market risk associated with the value of the mortgage servicing right assets, which are impacted by the level of interest rates. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, our mortgage servicing rights had a book value of $198 million and $162 million, respectively, and were carried at the lower of cost or fair value. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights was $218 million and $182 million, respectively, which exceeded the carrying value at those dates. depending on the interest rate environment, hedges may be used to stabilize the market value of the mortgage servicing right asset.
trading risk we are exposed to market risk primarily through client facilitation activities including derivatives and foreign exchange products as well as underwriting and market making activities. exposure is created as a result of changes in interest rates and related basis spreads and volatility, foreign exchange rates, and credit spreads on a select range of interest rates, foreign exchange and secondary loan instruments. these trading activities are conducted through our two banking subsidiaries, cbna and cbpa.
client facilitation activities consist primarily of interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts where we enter into offsetting trades with a separate counterparty or exchange to manage our market risk exposure. in addition to the aforementioned activities, we operate a secondary loan trading desk with the objective to meet secondary liquidity needs of our issuing clients' transactions and investor clients. we do not engage in any trading activities with the intent to benefit from short term price differences.
we record interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts as derivative assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. trading assets and liabilities are carried at fair value with income earned related to these activities included in net interest income. changes in fair value of trading assets and liabilities are reflected in other income, a component of noninterest income on the consolidated statements of operations.
market risk governance the market risk limit setting process is established in line with the formal enterprise risk appetite process and policy. this appetite reflects the strategic and enterprise level articulation of opportunities for creating franchise value set to the boundaries of how much market risk to take. dealing authorities represent the key control tool in the management of market risk that allows the cascading of the risk appetite throughout the enterprise. a dealing authority sets the operational scope and tolerances within which a business and/or trading desk is permitted to operate and this is reviewed at least annually. dealing authorities are structured to accommodate the client facing trades and hedges needed to manage the risk profile. primary responsibility for keeping within established tolerances resides with the business. key risk indicators, including var, open foreign currency positions and single name risk, are monitored on a daily basis and reported against tolerances consistent with our risk appetite and business strategy to relevant business line management and risk counterparts.
109
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis market risk measurement we use var as a statistical measure for estimating potential exposure of our traded market risk in normal market conditions. our var framework for risk management and regulatory reporting is the same. risk management var is based on a one day holding period to a 99% confidence level, whereas regulatory var is based on a ten day holding period to the same confidence level. additional to var, non-statistical measurements for measuring risk are employed, such as sensitivity analysis, market value and stress testing.
our market risk platform and associated market risk and valuation models for our foreign exchange, interest rate products, and traded loans capture correlation effects and allow for aggregation of market risk across risk types, business lines and legal entities. we measure, monitor and report market risk for both management and regulatory capital purposes.
var overview the market risk measurement model is based on historical simulation. the var measure estimates the extent of any fair value losses on trading positions that may occur due to broad market movements (general var) such as changes in the level of interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices. it is calculated on the basis that current positions remain broadly unaltered over the course of a given holding period. it is assumed that markets are sufficiently liquid to allow the business to close its positions, if required, within this holding period. var's benefit is that it captures the historic correlations of a portfolio. based on the composition of our "covered positions," we also use a standardized add-on approach for the loan trading desk's specific risk capital which estimates the extent of any losses that may occur from factors other than broad market movements. during the quarter ending march 31, 2017, we integrated our secondary traded loans into our enterprise wide market risk platform for the calculation of var on the general interest rate risk embedded within the traded loans. and thus retired the associated standalone model that replicated the general var methodology on the traded loans (the related capital was historically reflected on the "de minimis" line in the following section in prior quarters). the measured var on the trading portfolio is now comprised of three covered position sub-portfolios (interest rate derivatives, foreign exchange, and traded loans). the general var approach is expressed in terms of a confidence level over the past 500 trading days. the internal var measure (used as the basis of the main var trading limits) is a 99% confidence level with a one day holding period, meaning that a loss greater than the var is expected to occur, on average, on only one day in 100 trading days (i.e., 1% of the time). theoretically, there should be a loss event greater than var two to three times per year. the regulatory measure of var is done at a 99% confidence level with a ten-day holding period. the historical market data applied to calculate the var is updated on a two business day lag. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" below for details of our ten-day var metrics for the quarters ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, including high, low, average and period end var for interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks, as well as total var.
110
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis market risk regulatory capital the u.s. banking regulators' "market risk rule" covers the calculation of market risk capital. the market risk rule, commonly known as basel 2.5, substantially modified the determination of market risk-weighted assets and implemented a more risk sensitive methodology for the risk inherent in certain trading positions categorized as "covered positions." for the purposes of the market risk rule, all of our client facing trades and associated hedges need to maintain a low risk profile to qualify, and do qualify, as "covered positions." for the three months ended december 31, 2017, we were not subject to the reporting threshold under the market risk rule, as we did not meet the applicability threshold, and as such, our covered trading activities were risk-weighted under u.s. basel iii standardized credit risk rules. while not subject to the determination requirements of market risk-weighted assets, we nevertheless comply with the market risk rule's other requirements. the internal management var measure is calculated based on the same population of trades that is utilized for regulatory var. the following table presents, for information and comparison purposes, the results of our modeled and non-modeled measures for regulatory capital calculations as if we had met the threshold under the market risk rule for both periods presented:
(in millions)                                                        for the three months ended december 31, 2017                                                                      for the three months ended december 31, 2016
market risk category                                                 period end              average             high                 low                    period end        average             high                low interest rate                                                                $2                   $1                   $2                  $1                  $1              $-                  $1                  $-
foreign exchange currency rate                                       -                       -                   -                    -                         -              -                   -                   -
credit spread                                                                 2                    2                    2                   1                   -              -                   -                   -
general var                                                                   3                    2                    3                   1                   1              -                         1             -
specific risk var                                                    -                       -                   -                    -                         -              -                   -                   -
total var                                                                    $3                   $2                   $3                  $1                  $1              $-                  $-                  $-
stressed general var                                                        $11                   $9                  $12                  $7                   3         3                              4        1
stressed specific risk var                                           -                       -                   -                    -                         -              -                   -                   -
total stressed var                                                          $11                   $9                  $12                  $7                  $3              $3                  $4                  $1
market risk regulatory capital                                              $34                                                                                $9
specific risk not modeled add-on                                             10                                                                                 5
de minimis exposure add-on                                           -                                                                                         16
total market risk regulatory capital                                        $44                                                                               $30
market risk-weighted assets (calculated)                                   $555                                                                              $381
market risk-weighted assets (included in regulatory filing) (1)              $-                                                                              $381
(1) for the three months ended december 31, 2017, we did not meet the reporting threshold prescribed by market risk capital guidelines.
stressed var svar is an extension of var, but uses a longer historical look-back horizon that is fixed from january 3, 2005. this is done not only to identify headline risks from more volatile periods, but also to provide a counter-balance to var which may be low during periods of low volatility. the holding period for profit and loss determination is ten days. in addition to risk management purposes, svar is also a component of market risk regulatory capital. we calculate svar daily under its own dynamic window regime. in a dynamic window regime, values of the ten-day, 99% var are calculated over all possible 260-day periods that can be obtained from the complete historical data set. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" above for details of svar metrics, including high, low, average and period end svar for the combined portfolio.
sensitivity analysis sensitivity analysis is the measure of exposure to a single risk factor, such as a one basis point change in rates or credit spread. we conduct and monitor sensitivity on interest rates, basis spreads, foreign exchange exposures, option prices and credit spreads. whereas var is based on previous moves in market risk factors over recent periods, it may not be an accurate predictor of future market moves. sensitivity analysis complements var as it provides an indication of risk relative to each factor irrespective of historical market moves and is an effective tool in evaluating the appropriateness of hedging strategies and concentrations.
111
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis stress testing conducting a stress test of a portfolio consists of running risk models with the inclusion of key variables that simulate various historical or hypothetical scenarios. for historical stress tests, profit and loss results are simulated for selected time periods corresponding to the most volatile underlying returns while hypothetical stress tests aim to consider concentration risk, illiquidity under stressed market conditions and risk arising from our trading activities that may not be fully captured by our other models. hypothetical scenarios also assume that market moves happen simultaneously and no repositioning or hedging activity takes place to mitigate losses as events unfold. we generate stress tests of our trading positions on a daily basis. for example, we currently include a stress test that simulates a "lehman-type" crisis scenario by taking the worst 20-trading day peak to trough moves for the various risk factors that go into var from that period, and assumes they occurred simultaneously.
var model review and validation market risk measurement models used are independently reviewed and subject to ongoing performance analysis by the model owner. the independent review and validation focuses on the model methodology, market data, and performance. independent review of market risk measurement models is the responsibility of citizens' model risk management and validation team. aspects covered include challenging the assumptions used, the quantitative techniques employed and the theoretical justification underpinning them and an assessment of the soundness of the required data over time. where possible, the quantitative impact of the major underlying modeling assumptions will be estimated (e.g., through developing alternative models). results of such reviews are shared with the u.s. banking regulators. the market risk models may be periodically enhanced due to changes in market price levels and price action regime behavior. the market risk management and validation team will conduct internal validation before a new or changed model element is implemented and before a change is made to a market data mapping.
112
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis var backtesting backtesting is one form of validation of the var model and is run daily. the market risk rule requires a comparison of our internal var measure to the actual net trading revenue (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, intra-day trading and net interest income) for each day over the preceding year (the most recent 250 business days). any observed loss in excess of the var number is taken as an exception. the level of exceptions determines the multiplication factor used to derive the var and svar-based capital requirement for regulatory reporting purposes, when applicable. we perform sub-portfolio backtesting as required under the market risk rule, and as approved by our banking regulators, for interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange positions. the following graph shows our daily net trading revenue and total internal, modeled var for the quarters ended december 31, 2017, september 30, 2017, june 30, 2017 and march 31, 2017.
daily var backtesting note: as mentioned in the above "var overview" section, we migrated our secondary loan trading activities from our stand alone model to our enterprise market risk platform in first quarter 2017. the above back-testing graph reflects the impact of said inclusion and daily oscillations of the market making traded loan inventory.
113
citizens financial group, inc.
