item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
our operating results, our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices.
prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng can fluctuate widely. globally, prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng have experienced significant declines from their historic levels during 2013 and 2014, with excess of supply relative to global demand leading to global inventory builds. total average annual prices in 2017 for brent crude oil, wti crude oil, henry hub natural gas and our realized natural gas liquids all decreased by at least 30 percent when compared with 2014 despite having improved by at least 18 percent when compared with 2016. given volatility in commodity price drivers and the business environment, price trends may not continue or reverse themselves.
our revenues, operating results and future rate of growth are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng. the factors influencing these prices are beyond our control. lower crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng prices may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating income, cash flows and liquidity and on the amount of dividends we elect to declare and pay on our common stock. lower prices may also limit the amount of reserves we can produce economically, adversely affecting our reserve replacement ratio and accelerating the reduction in our existing reserve levels as we continue production from upstream fields.
significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng prices could also require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets. in the past three years, we recognized several impairments, which are described in note 8—impairments and the “aplng” section of note 5—investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements. if commodity prices remain low relative to their historic levels, and as we continue to optimize our investments and exercise capital flexibility, it is reasonably likely we will incur future impairments to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method and unproved properties. although it is not reasonably practicable to quantify the impact of any future impairments at this time, our results of operations could be adversely affected as a result.
our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations.
dividends are authorized and determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion and depend upon a number of factors, including:
•   cash available for distribution.

•   our results of operations and anticipated future results of operations.

•   our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital needs of our properties.

•   the level of reserves we establish for future capital expenditures.

•   the level of distributions paid by comparable companies.

•   our operating expenses.

•   other factors our board of directors deems relevant.

we expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders; however, we bear all expenses incurred by our operations, and our funds generated by operations, after deducting these expenses, may not be sufficient to cover desired levels of distributions to our stockholders.
20
additionally, our share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. any downward revision in our distribution or share repurchase program could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
we may need additional capital in the future, and it may not be available on acceptable terms.
we have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy, however we have also relied from time to time on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding. there can be no assurance that additional debt or equity financing will be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. in addition, although we anticipate we will be able to repay our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our stated plans, there can be no assurance we will be able to do so. our ability to obtain additional financing, or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our stated plans, will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, investor sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding debt. if we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations or raise additional capital, our growth could be impeded.
in addition, we are regularly evaluated by the major rating agencies based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry generally. for example, due to the significant decline in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng in 2015, and the expectation that these prices could remain depressed, the major ratings agencies conducted a review of the oil and gas industry and downgraded our debt ratings and those of several companies operating in the industry in 2016. any downgrade in our credit rating, could increase the cost associated with any additional indebtedness we incur.
our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business.
the operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties operating in a variety of industries, including other companies operating in the oil and gas industry. these counterparties may default on their obligations to us as a result of operational failures or a lack of liquidity, or for other reasons, including bankruptcy. market speculation about the credit quality of these counterparties, or their ability to continue performing on their existing obligations, may also exacerbate any operational difficulties or liquidity issues they are experiencing, particularly as it relates to other companies in the oil and gas industry as a result of the volatility in commodity prices. any default by any of our counterparties may result in our inability to perform obligations under agreements we have made with third parties or may otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. in addition, our rights against any of our counterparties as a result of a default may not be adequate to compensate us for the resulting harm caused or may not be enforceable at all in some circumstances.
unless we successfully add to our existing proved reserves, our future crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids production will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to our business.
the rate of production from upstream fields generally declines as reserves are depleted. except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration and development activities, or, through engineering studies, optimize production performance or identify additional or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline materially as we produce crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids. accordingly, to the extent we are unsuccessful in replacing the crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids we produce with good prospects for future production, our business will experience reduced cash flows and results of operations. any cash conservation efforts we may undertake as a result of commodity price declines may further limit our ability to replace depleted reserves.
21
the exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry.
the exploration and production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids is a highly competitive business. we compete with private, public and state-owned companies in all facets of the exploration and production business, including to locate and obtain new sources of supply and to produce oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids in an efficient, cost-effective manner. some of our competitors are larger and have greater resources than we do or may be willing to incur a higher level of risk than we are willing to incur to obtain potential sources of supply. if we are not successful in our competition for new reserves, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
any material change in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids reserves could impair the quantity and value of those reserves.
our proved reserve information included in this annual report has been derived from engineering estimates prepared by our personnel. reserve estimation is a process that involves estimating volumes to be recovered from underground accumulations of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids that cannot be directly measured. as a result, different petroleum engineers, each using industry-accepted geologic and engineering practices and scientific methods, may produce different estimates of reserves and future net cash flows based on the same available data. any significant future price changes could have a material effect on the quantity and present value of our proved reserves. any material changes in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of these items could result in a material negative impact to the volume of reserves reported or could cause us to incur impairment expenses on property associated with the production of those reserves. future reserve revisions could also result from changes in, among other things, governmental regulation. in addition to changes in the quantity and value of our proved reserves, the amount of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids that can be obtained from any proved reserve may ultimately be different from those estimated prior to extraction.
we expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. likewise, future environmental laws and regulations, such as limitations on greenhouse gas emissions, may impact or limit our current business plans and reduce demand for our products.
our businesses are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. these laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to, among other things:
•   the discharge of pollutants into the environment.

•   emissions into the atmosphere, such as nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, mercury and greenhouse gas emissions.

•   carbon taxes.

•   the handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal and cleanup of hazardous materials and hazardous and nonhazardous wastes.

•   the dismantlement, abandonment and restoration of our properties and facilities at the end of their useful lives.

•   exploration and production activities in certain areas, such as offshore environments, arctic fields, oil sands reservoirs and tight oil plays.

we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. to the extent these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods could be materially adversely affected.
although our business operations are designed and operated to accommodate expected climatic conditions, to the extent there are significant changes in the earth’s climate, such as more severe or frequent weather
22
conditions in the markets we serve or the areas where our assets reside, we could incur increased expenses, our operations could be materially impacted, and demand for our products could fall. demand for our products may also be adversely affected by conservation plans and efforts undertaken in response to global climate change, including plans developed in connection with the paris climate conference in december 2015. many governments also provide, or may in the future provide, tax advantages and other subsidies to support the use and development of alternative energy technologies. our operations and the demand for our products could be materially impacted by the development and adoption of these technologies.
domestic and worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows.
actions of the u.s., state, local and foreign governments, through tax and other legislation, executive order and commercial restrictions, including changes resulting from the implementation and interpretation of the tax cuts and jobs act, could reduce our operating profitability both in the united states and abroad. in certain locations, governments have imposed or proposed restrictions on our operations; special taxes or tax assessments; and payment transparency regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive information or might cause us to violate non-disclosure laws of other countries. u.s. federal, state and local legislative and regulatory agencies’ initiatives regarding the hydraulic fracturing process could result in operating restrictions or delays in the completion of our oil and gas wells.
the u.s. government can also prevent or restrict us from doing business in foreign countries. these restrictions and those of foreign governments have in the past limited our ability to operate in, or gain access to, opportunities in various countries. actions by host governments have affected operations significantly in the past, such as the expropriation of our oil assets by the venezuelan government, and may continue to do so in the future. changes in domestic and international regulations may affect our ability to obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for drilling and development of wells in various locations.
local political and economic factors in international markets could have a material adverse effect on us. approximately 58 percent of our hydrocarbon production was derived from production outside the united states in 2017, and 45 percent of our proved reserves, as of december 31, 2017, was located outside the united states. we are subject to risks associated with operations in international markets, including changes in foreign governmental policies relating to crude oil, natural gas, bitumen, natural gas liquids or lng pricing and taxation, other political, economic or diplomatic developments, changing political conditions and international monetary fluctuations. in particular, some countries where we operate lack well-developed legal systems or have not adopted clear legal and regulatory frameworks for oil and gas exploration and production. this lack of legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risks, including increased difficulty in enforcing our agreements in those jurisdictions and increased risks of adverse actions by local government authorities, such as expropriations.
changes in governmental regulations may impose price controls and limitations on production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids.
our operations are subject to extensive governmental regulations. from time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids wells below actual production capacity. because legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, we cannot predict the effect of these requirements.
our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk.
we conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control with our joint venture partners. there is a risk our joint venture participants may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us, or our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations.
23
we may not be able to successfully complete any disposition we elect to pursue.
from time to time, we may seek to divest portions of our business or investments that are not important to our ongoing strategic objectives. any dispositions we undertake may involve numerous risks and uncertainties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. in particular, we may not be able to successfully complete any disposition on a timeline or on terms acceptable to us, if at all, whether due to market conditions, regulatory challenges or other concerns. in addition, the reinvestment of capital from disposition proceeds may not ultimately yield investment returns in line with our internal or external expectations. any dispositions we pursue may also result in disruption to other parts of our business, including through the diversion of resources and management attention from our ongoing business and other strategic matters, or through the disruption of relationships with our employees and key vendors. further, in connection with any disposition, we may enter into transition services agreements or undertake indemnity or other obligations that may result in additional expenses for us.
as part of our disposition strategy, on may 17, 2017, we completed the sale of our 50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy. consideration for the transaction included 208 million cenovus energy common shares. we may not be able to liquidate the shares issued to us by cenovus energy at prices we deem acceptable, or at all.
we do not insure against all potential losses; therefore, we could be harmed by unexpected liabilities and increased costs.
we maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating risks. as such, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover us against potential losses arising from such risks. uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating risks could reduce the funds available to us for capital, exploration and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight.
the scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, crude oil spills, severe weather, geological events, labor disputes, terrorist attacks, sabotage, civil unrest or cyber attacks. our operations may also be adversely affected by unavailability, interruptions or accidents involving services or infrastructure required to develop, produce, process or transport our production, such as contract labor, drilling rigs, pipelines, railcars, tankers, barges or other infrastructure. our operations are subject to the additional hazards of pollution, releases of toxic gas and other environmental hazards and risks. activities in deepwater areas may pose incrementally greater risks because of complex subsurface conditions such as higher reservoir pressures, water depths and metocean conditions. all such hazards could result in loss of human life, significant property and equipment damage, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, substantial losses to us and damage to our reputation. further, our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity.
our technologies, systems and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches. although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation. if our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by having our business systems compromised, our proprietary information altered, lost or stolen, or our business operations disrupted. as cyber attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information systems and related infrastructure security vulnerabilities.
24
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

management’s discussion and analysis is the company’s analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends that may affect future performance. it should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes, and supplemental oil and gas disclosures included elsewhere in this report. it contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. the words “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “expect,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “effort,” “target” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. the company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws. readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company’s disclosures under the heading: “cautionary statement for the purposes of the ‘safe harbor’ provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995,” beginning on page 70.
the terms “earnings” and “loss” as used in management’s discussion and analysis refer to net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips.
business environment and executive overview conocophillips is the world’s largest independent exploration and production (e&p) company, based on proved reserves and production of liquids and natural gas. headquartered in houston, texas, we have operations and activities in 17 countries. our diverse portfolio primarily includes resource-rich north american tight oil and oil sands assets in canada; lower-risk conventional assets in north america, europe, asia and australia; several liquefied natural gas (lng) developments; and an inventory of global conventional and unconventional exploration prospects. at december 31, 2017, we employed approximately 11,400 people worldwide and had total assets of $73 billion. our common stock is listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol “cop.”
overview the global oil market is rebalancing. crude oil prices improved in 2017, particularly during the latter half of the year; however, we believe prices are likely to remain cyclical in the future. in 2016, we updated our value proposition to position the company for long-term success, given our expectations. our value proposition principles, namely to maintain financial strength, grow our distributions and pursue disciplined growth, remain essentially unchanged. however, we took steps to improve our competitiveness and resilience by establishing clear priorities for cash allocation.
in order, the cash allocation priorities are: invest capital at a level that maintains flat production volumes and pays our existing dividend; grow our existing dividend; reduce debt to a level we believe is sufficient to maintain a strong investment grade rating through price cycles; repurchase shares to provide value to our shareholders; and strategically invest capital to grow our cash from operations.
in 2017, we took significant actions that allowed us to make substantial progress on our stated priorities. we believe that our commitment to our value proposition, as evidenced by the results discussed below, position the company for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility.
30
key operating and financial summary significant items during 2017 included the following:
•   achieved full-year production excluding libya of 1,356 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (mboed); underlying production excluding the impact of closed and planned dispositions grew 19 percent on a production per debt-adjusted share basis and 3 percent overall.

•   cash provided by operating activities exceeded capital expenditures by $2.5 billion, and exceeded capital expenditures and dividends by $1.2 billion.

•   paid down $7.6 billion of balance sheet debt, ending the year with debt of $19.7 billion.

•   generated approximately $16 billion from asset dispositions.

•   announced year-end proved reserves of 5.0 billion barrels of oil equivalent (boe).

•   repurchased $3 billion of shares; reduced ending share count by 5 percent year over year.

•   reached settlement on ecuador arbitration for $337 million.

operationally, we continue to focus on safely executing our capital program and remaining attentive to our costs. production excluding libya was 1,356 mboed in 2017 compared with 1,567 mboed in 2016. our underlying production, which excludes the full-year impact of closed and planned dispositions of 191 mboed in 2017 and 434 mboed in 2016 and libya, increased 32 mboed, or 3 percent year over year. underlying production on a per debt-adjusted share basis grew by 19 percent compared to 2016. production per debt-adjusted share is calculated on an underlying production basis using ending period debt divided by ending share price plus ending shares outstanding. we believe production per debt-adjusted share is useful to investors as it provides a consistent view of production on a total equity basis by converting debt to equity and allows for comparisons across peer companies.
we accomplished several strategic milestones in 2017, including progressing our efforts to optimize our portfolio. our asset dispositions are in line with our strategy, announced in november 2016, to focus on low cost-of-supply projects in our portfolio that strategically fit our development plans. we generated approximately $16 billion in total consideration from the disposition of certain noncore assets which were directed to our stated cash priorities and general corporate purposes. for additional information on our dispositions, see note 4—assets held for sale, sold or acquired in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in 2017, we reduced debt by $7.6 billion to $19.7 billion at year-end and repurchased 64 million shares of our common stock totaling $3 billion. consistent with our commitment to grow our distributions, in the first quarter of 2017, we increased our quarterly dividend by 6 percent to $0.265 per share. we are managing our business to optimize and deliver on our value propositions and cash priorities in a demanding business environment.
business environment after elevated levels of volatility in 2016, global market fundamentals trended towards a firmer balance in 2017. crude oil prices improved in 2017 as a result of slower growth in global oil production, strong global oil demand and lower global inventory levels.
the energy industry has periodically experienced this type of extreme volatility due to fluctuating supply-and-demand conditions. commodity prices are the most significant factor impacting our profitability and related reinvestment of operating cash flows into our business. our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the disciplined financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition.
31
priorities the priorities we believe will drive our success through the price cycles include:
•   focus on financial returns. this is a core aspect of our value proposition. our goal is to achieve strong financial returns by controlling our costs, exercising capital discipline and continually optimizing our portfolio.

¡                    control costs and expenses. controlling operating and overhead costs, without compromising safety and environmental stewardship, is a high priority. we monitor these costs using various methodologies that are reported to senior management monthly, on both an absolute-dollar basis and a per-unit basis. managing operating and overhead costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment. the ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. in 2017, including asset disposition impacts, we reduced our production and operating expenses by 9 percent as compared to 2016.

¡                      maintain capital discipline. we participate in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, with varying lead times from when an investment decision is made to the time an asset is operational and generates cash flow. as a result, we must invest significant capital dollars to explore for new oil and gas fields, develop newly discovered fields, maintain existing fields, and construct pipelines and lng facilities. given our view of greater price volatility, we have shifted our capital allocation to focus on shorter cycle time, low cost-of-supply, unconventional programs in our resource base. our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to maintain production and pay the existing dividend. additional allocations of capital toward growth projects will be dependent on satisfaction of other financial priorities. we use a disciplined approach, focused on value maximization and cash flow expansion, to set our capital plans.

in november 2017, we announced a 2018 capital budget of $5.5 billion, including $3.5 billion of sustaining capital and $2 billion in accretive, short-cycle unconventional programs, future major projects and exploration activities.
¡                                                          optimize our portfolio. we continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets which strategically fit our development plans. in 2017, we generated approximately $16 billion in total consideration from dispositions of certain noncore assets in our portfolio, including our 50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets; our interests in the san juan basin; and our interest in the panhandle assets. we will continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they fit our strategic direction and will optimize the portfolio as necessary, directing our capital investments to areas that align with our objectives.

•         maintain financial strength. we believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours. in 2017, using proceeds from asset dispositions and cash flow from operations, we reduced our debt by
$7.6 billion to $19.7 billion at year-end. on a longer-term basis, in november 2017, we announced our plan to reduce debt to $15 billion by year-end 2019, a significant acceleration from the previously stated expectation of $20 billion in the same timeframe. we expect to retire outstanding debt as it matures and exercise flexibility in paying down our other debt instruments.

•   return capital to shareholders. in 2017, we paid dividends on our common stock of $1.3 billion and repurchased $3 billion of our common stock. we believe in delivering value to our shareholders through the price cycles. as a result, we set a priority to increase our dividend rate annually and purchase up to approximately $3 billion of our common stock evenly from 2018 through 2019.

32
on february 1, 2018, we announced that our board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.285 per share, compared with the previous quarterly dividend of $0.265 per share. additionally, we announced the acceleration of our previously stated 2018 share repurchases from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion.

in addition to our previously announced share repurchase program above, we are currently planning to purchase up to an additional $1.5 billion of our common stock through 2020. whether we undertake these additional repurchases is ultimately subject to numerous considerations, including board authorization, market conditions and other factors. see risk factors “our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations.”
•                      maintain a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship. safety and environmental stewardship, including the operating integrity of our assets, remain our highest priorities, and we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. our sustainability efforts in 2017 focused on implementing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative, searchable and responsive to common questions. to demonstrate our commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship, on november 2017, we announced our intention to target a 5 to 15 percent reduction in our greenhouse gas emission intensity by 2030.
we are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety and environment and operational performance.

•   add to our proved reserve base. we primarily add to our proved reserve base in two ways:

¡   successful exploration, exploitation and development of new and existing fields.

¡   application of new technologies and processes to improve recovery from existing fields.

proved reserve estimates require economic production based on historical 12-month, first-of-month, average prices and current costs. therefore, our proved reserves generally increase as prices rise and decrease as prices decline. asset dispositions in 2017 reduced our reported year-end proved reserves, but were partly offset by increased commodity prices. in 2017, our reserve replacement, which included a reduction of 1.9 billion boe from dispositions, was negative 168 percent. our organic reserve replacement, which excludes the impact of sales and purchases, was 200 percent in 2017. in the five years ended december 31, 2017, our reserve replacement was negative 24 percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions and lower prices.
access to additional resources may become increasingly difficult as commodity prices can make projects uneconomic or unattractive. in addition, prohibition of direct investment in some nations, national fiscal terms, political instability, competition from national oil companies, and lack of access to high-potential areas due to environmental or other regulation may negatively impact our ability to increase our reserve base. as such, the timing and level at which we add to our reserve base may, or may not, allow us to replace our production over subsequent years. additionally, as we continue cash conservation efforts, our reserve replacement efforts could be delayed thus limiting our ability to replace depleted reserves.
•                      apply technical capability. we leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. companywide, we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations. such innovations enable us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact.

•                       develop and retain a talented work force. we strive to attract, train, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics. to this end, we offer university internships across multiple disciplines to attract the best talent and, as needed, recruit experienced hires to maintain a broad range of skills and experience. we promote continued learning, development and technical training through structured development programs designed to enhance the technical and functional skills of our employees.

33
other factors affecting profitability other significant factors that can affect our profitability include:
•                      energy commodity prices. our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with industry price levels for crude oil and natural gas. industry price levels are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control, including but not limited to global economic health, supply disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest or military conflicts, actions taken by organization of petroleum exporting countries (opec), environmental laws, tax regulations, governmental policies and weather-related disruptions. the following graph depicts the average benchmark prices for west texas intermediate (wti) crude oil, dated brent crude oil and u.s. henry hub natural gas:

brent crude oil prices averaged $61.39 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 24 percent compared with $49.46 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2016. similarly, wti crude oil prices increased 13 percent from $49.18 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2016 to $55.35 per barrel in the same period of 2017. global oil prices began to improve at the end of 2016 and continued trending upward in response to stronger global demand and slower production growth.
henry hub natural gas prices averaged $2.93 per million british thermal units (mmbtu) in the fourth quarter of 2017, a decrease of 2 percent compared with $2.98 per mmbtu in the fourth quarter of 2016. however, on an annual basis, henry hub natural gas prices improved 26 percent from $2.46 per mmbtu in 2016, to $3.11 per mmbtu in 2017. the price improvement was as a result of growth in domestic demand, increased exports and lower u.s. inventories.
our realized natural gas liquids prices averaged $32.79 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 50 percent compared with $21.82 per barrel in the same quarter of 2016.
improving global crude oil prices resulted in the western canada select benchmark price experiencing a 33 percent increase, from $29.36 per barrel in 2016 to $38.92 per barrel in 2017. the wcs benchmark price improvement, coupled with changes in costs per barrel resulting from the disposition of our interest in the fccl partnership, caused our realized bitumen price to increase relative to 2016. our realized bitumen price was $22.66 per barrel in 2017, an increase of 48 percent compared with $15.27 per barrel in the same period of 2016.
34
our worldwide annual average realized price was $46.10 per barrel of oil equivalent (boe) in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 40 percent compared with $32.93 per boe in the fourth quarter of 2016. similarly, our worldwide annual average realized price was $39.19 per boe in 2017, an increase of 38 percent compared with $28.35 per boe in 2016, reflecting higher average realized prices across all commodities.
north america’s energy landscape has been transformed from resource scarcity to an abundance of supply. in recent years, the use of hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling in tight oil formations has led to increased industry actual and forecasted crude oil and natural gas production in the united states. although providing significant short- and long-term growth opportunities for our company, the increased abundance of crude oil and natural gas due to development of tight oil plays could also have adverse financial implications to us, including: an extended period of low commodity prices; production curtailments; delay of plans to develop areas such as unconventional fields or alaska north slope natural gas fields; and underutilization of lng regasification facilities. should one or more of these events occur, our revenues would be reduced and additional asset impairments might be possible.
•                         impairments. as mentioned earlier, we participate in a capital-intensive industry. at times, our properties, plants and equipment and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time, our reserve estimates are revised downward, or a decision to dispose of an asset leads to a write-down to its fair value. we may also invest large amounts of money in exploration which, if exploratory drilling proves unsuccessful, could lead to a material impairment of leasehold values. in 2017, we recorded before-tax impairments of $6,601 million for proved properties and $136 million for unproved properties. as we optimize our assets in the future, it is reasonably possible we may incur future losses upon sale or impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, and unproved properties. for additional information on our impairments in 2017, 2016 and 2015, see note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

•   effective tax rate. our operations are located in countries with different tax rates and fiscal structures. accordingly, even in a stable commodity price and fiscal/regulatory environment, our overall effective tax rate can vary significantly between periods based on the “mix” of before-tax earnings within our global operations. recent changes in the u.s. corporate income tax law, further discussed below, additionally impacted our effective tax rate in 2017.

•                         fiscal and regulatory environment. our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including the united states. civil unrest or strained relationships with governments may impact our operations or investments. these changing environments have generally negatively impacted our results of operations, and further changes to government fiscal take could have a negative impact on future operations. our assets in venezuela were expropriated in 2007. our production operations in libya and related oil exports were suspended or significantly curtailed from july 2013 to october 2016 due to the closure of the es sider crude oil export terminal, and they were also suspended in 2011 during libya’s period of civil unrest. in 2016, the united kingdom government enacted tax legislation which reduced our u.k. corporate tax rate by 10 percent.

on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (“tax legislation”) was enacted, significantly revising the u.s. corporate income tax law by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a one-time deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign earnings. we recognized a provisional, noncash tax benefit of $852 million, which is included as a component of our 2017 income tax expense, primarily related to the revaluation of deferred taxes at the lower 21 percent federal statutory rate. we did not incur nor expect to incur a tax cost related to the one-time repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings. while we anticipate the tax legislation will provide a positive impact
35
to our u.s. operations in the future primarily because of the reduced u.s. federal statutory rate, we do not expect to realize cash tax benefits from the tax legislation until we move into a u.s. tax paying position. the ultimate impact of the tax legislation may differ from our current expectations, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made or additional regulatory or accounting guidance that may be issued with respect to the tax legislation. for additional information, see note 18—income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity.
outlook full-year 2018 production is expected to be 1,195 to 1,235 mboed. this results in approximately 5 percent growth compared with full-year 2017 underlying production, which excludes the impact of closed and planned dispositions of 191 mboed. first-quarter 2018 production is expected to be 1,180 to 1,220 mboed. production guidance for 2018 excludes libya.
operating segments we manage our operations through six operating segments, which are primarily defined by geographic region: alaska, lower 48, canada, europe and north africa, asia pacific and middle east, and other international.
corporate and other represents costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, corporate overhead, certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues received.
our key performance indicators, shown in the statistical tables provided at the beginning of the operating segment sections that follow, reflect results from our operations, including commodity prices and production.
36
results of operations consolidated results a summary of the company’s net loss attributable to conocophillips by business segment follows:
millions of dollars years ended december 31                   2017                             2016                 2015
alaska                                              $1,466                  319                    4
lower 48                                            (2,371   )           (2,257   )           (1,932   )
canada                                               2,564                 (935   )           (1,044   )
europe and north africa                                553                  394                  409
asia pacific and middle east                        (1,098   )              209                 (463   )
other international                                    167                  (16   )             (593   )
corporate and other                                 (2,136   )           (1,329   )             (809   )
net loss attributable to conocophillips              $(855   )           (3,615   )           (4,428   )
2017 vs. 2016
loss attributable to conocophillips decreased $2,760 million in 2017. the decrease was mainly due to:
•   higher commodity prices.

•   lower depreciation, depletion and amortization (dd&amp;a) expense, mainly due to lower unit-of-production rates from reserve revisions and disposition impacts.

•   higher gains on dispositions, primarily due to a $1.6 billion after-tax gain in 2017 on the sale of certain canadian assets.

•   recognition of deferred tax benefits totaling $996 million, primarily related to the disposition of certain canadian assets.

•   recognition of deferred tax benefits totaling $852 million related to the tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017.

•   improved equity earnings, mainly due to higher realized prices, lower dd&amp;a from asset disposition impacts, and the absence of a 2016 deferred tax charge of $174 million resulting from the change of the tax functional currency for aplng to the u.s. dollar. these increases were partly offset by lower volumes from the disposition of our interest in the fccl partnership.

•   lower exploration expenses mainly due to reduced leasehold impairment expense, dry hole costs and other exploration expenses.

•   a $337 million award from an arbitration settlement with the republic of ecuador.

•   lower production and operating expenses, primarily due to asset disposition impacts.

•   lower net interest expense, primarily due to impacts from the fair market value method of apportioning interest expense in the united states and reduced debt.

the reduction in loss was partly offset by:
•   higher proved property and equity investment impairments, including a combined $2.5 billion after-tax impairment related to the sale of our interests in the san juan basin and the ongoing marketing of the barnett, as well as a $2.4 billion before- and after-tax impairment of our equity investment in aplng.

•   lower volumes primarily due to asset dispositions in our lower 48, asia pacific and middle east, and canada segments, as well as normal field decline.

•   a $238 million after-tax charge associated with our early retirements of debt in 2017.

37
2016 vs. 2015
loss attributable to conocophillips decreased $813 million in 2016. the decrease was mainly due to:
•   lower exploration expenses. exploration expenses decreased mainly due to reduced leasehold impairment expense and dry hole costs.

•   lower proved property and equity investment impairments, including the absence of a $1.5 billion before- and after-tax impairment of our equity investment in aplng in 2015.

•   lower production and operating expenses.

•   a $161 million net deferred tax benefit resulting from a reduction in the u.k. tax rate, which was enacted in september 2016 and effective january 1, 2016.

•   the absence of a $129 million deferred tax charge from increased corporate tax rates in canada in 2015.

the decrease in loss was partly offset by:
•   lower commodity prices.

•   the absence of a $555 million net deferred tax benefit resulting from a change in the u.k. tax rate in 2015.

•   lower crude oil, natural gas liquids, and gas sales volumes.

•   lower equity earnings, primarily driven by increased dd&amp;a expense, as well as a 2016 deferred tax charge of $174 million resulting from the change of the tax functional currency for aplng to u.s. dollar.

•   higher interest and debt expense.

•   lower gain on dispositions, mainly due to the absence of a $368 million after-tax gain on the disposition of certain properties in our lower 48 segment.

income statement analysis
2017 vs. 2016
sales and other operating revenues increased 23 percent in 2017, mainly due to higher realized prices across all commodities, partly offset by lower sales volumes, primarily in our lower 48, asia pacific and middle east, and canada segments as a result of dispositions.
equity in earnings of affiliates increased $720 million in 2017. the increase in equity earnings was primarily due to higher realized commodity prices at qg3, aplng and fccl; the absence of a 2016 deferred tax charge of $174 million resulting from a tax functional currency change; and reduced costs mainly from the disposition of our interest in the fccl partnership. the increase in earnings was partly offset by lower volumes as a result of our fccl disposition.
gain on dispositions increased 505 percent in 2017. the increase was primarily due to a before-tax gain of $2.1 billion on the sale of our 50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets. for additional information on gains on dispositions, see note 4—assets held for sale, sold or acquired, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income increased 107 percent in 2017, mainly due to a $337 million before- and after-tax international centre for settlement of investment disputes (icsid) arbitration award from the republic of ecuador. the increase was partly offset by the absence of a gain of $88 million from our receipt of mineral properties and active leases from the greater northern iron ore properties trust and a $76 million before-tax damage claim settlement, both in our lower 48 segment in 2016.
purchased commodities increased 25 percent in 2017, mainly due to higher commodity prices and increased activity.
38
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses decreased 22 percent in 2017, primarily due to reduced restructuring expenses, lower headcount and reduced activity.
exploration expenses decreased 51 percent in 2017, primarily as a result of lower leasehold impairment expense, dry hole costs and other exploration expenses.
leasehold impairment expense was reduced mainly due to the absence of 2016 before-tax charges of $203 million for our gibson and tiber leaseholds. the expense was further reduced by the absence of before-tax charges of $95 million for our melmar leasehold and $79 million for various gulf of mexico leases after completion of marketing efforts. the reduction was partly offset by a before-tax charge of $51 million for shenandoah in deepwater gulf of mexico and a before-tax charge of $38 million for certain mineral assets in our lower 48 segment, both in 2017.
dry hole costs were reduced primarily due to the absence of 2016 before-tax charges in deepwater gulf of mexico of $249 million for our gibson and tiber wells, and $128 million for our melmar well. the absence of a $256 million before-tax charge in 2016 for two dry holes in nova scotia further reduced costs. the reduction in dry hole costs was partly offset by 2017 before-tax charges of $288 million for multiple wells in shenandoah, including wells previously suspended, and $63 million for several wells in the powder river basin.
other exploration expenses were reduced mainly due to the absence of a $146 million before-tax expense in 2016 related to the cancellation of our final gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract, as well as lower rig stacking costs in angola. the decrease in expense was partly offset by a $43 million net before-tax charge in 2017 for the settlement of our drilling rig contract in angola.
for additional information on leasehold impairments and other exploration expenses, see note 7—suspended wells and other exploration expenses, and note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
dd&a decreased 24 percent in 2017, mainly due to lower unit-of-production rates from reserve revisions and disposition impacts in our canada and lower 48 segments.
impairments increased $6,462 million in 2017. for additional information, see note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
interest and debt expense decreased 12 percent in 2017, primarily due to impacts from the fair market value method of apportioning interest expense in the united states and lower interest on debt.
other expense included before-tax charges of $302 million in 2017 for premiums on early debt retirements.
see note 18—income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information regarding our income tax benefit and effective tax rate.
2016 vs. 2015
sales and other operating revenues decreased 20 percent in 2016, mainly as a result of lower prices across all commodities. additionally, sales and other operating revenues decreased due to lower natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids sales volumes, mainly from dispositions and field decline, partly offset by increased bitumen sales volumes.
equity in earnings of affiliates decreased 92 percent in 2016. the decrease was primarily due to lower commodity prices, increased dd&a mainly from trains 1 and 2 being placed in service at aplng, and a 2016 deferred tax charge of $174 million resulting from a tax functional currency change. the decrease in earnings was partly offset by higher sales volumes at aplng and fccl partnership, as well as lower production taxes at qg3.
39
gain on dispositions decreased 39 percent in 2016. the decrease resulted from the absence of a $583 million before-tax gain in 2015 from the sales of producing properties in east texas and north louisiana, south texas, and a certain pipeline and gathering assets in south texas, as well as a $26 million before-tax loss on the sale of our interest in the block b psc in indonesia in 2016. the decrease was partly offset by the absence of a $149 million before-tax loss on the disposition of noncore assets in western canada in the fourth quarter of 2015; and gains on the 2016 dispositions of conocophillips senegal b.v., the entity that held our interests in three exploration blocks offshore senegal, the alaska beluga river unit natural gas field, and noncore assets in the lower 48. for additional information on gains on dispositions, see note 4—assets held for sale, sold or acquired, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income increased 104 percent in 2016, mainly due to a gain of $88 million from our receipt of mineral properties and active leases from the greater northern iron ore properties trust in the fourth quarter of 2016. other income was further increased $76 million before-tax for a damage claim settlement in our lower 48 segment.
purchased commodities decreased 20 percent in 2016, mainly due to lower natural gas prices.
production and operating expenses decreased 19 percent in 2016, mainly due to lower operating expense activity, reduced headcount and dispositions of noncore assets, as well as favorable foreign currency impacts.
sg&a expenses decreased 24 percent in 2016, primarily due to reduced restructuring expenses, lower headcount and reduced activity. the decrease was partly offset by increases from market impacts on certain compensation programs.
exploration expenses decreased 54 percent in 2016, primarily as a result of lower leasehold impairment expense, dry hole costs, and other exploration expenses.
leasehold impairment expense was reduced, mainly due to the absence of 2015 before-tax charges of $575 million for our chukchi sea leasehold and capitalized interest; $493 million for angola blocks 36 and 37; and $447 million for certain gulf of mexico leases, partly offset by 2016 impairments of our melmar, gibson, tiber and other gulf of mexico leaseholds.
dry hole costs were reduced due to the absence of before-tax charges of $1,141 million in 2015, mainly from wells in deepwater gulf of mexico, horn river and northwest territories in canada, angola blocks 36 and 37, and malaysia. the reduction in costs was partly offset by before-tax charges in 2016, including $434 million from several wells in deepwater gulf of mexico and $256 million for two wells in nova scotia.
other exploration expenses were reduced mainly due to the absence of a $335 million before-tax charge in 2015 related to the termination of our ensco gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract, partly offset by before-tax rig cancellation charges and third-party costs of $146 million for our final gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract in 2016.
for additional information on leasehold impairments and other exploration expenses, see note 7—suspended wells and other exploration expenses, and note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairments decreased 94 percent in 2016. for additional information, see note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
taxes other than income taxes decreased 18 percent in 2016, primarily as a result of lower production taxes, mainly in our alaska and lower 48 segments, given reduced commodity prices and the absence of the impact of a transportation cost ruling by the federal energy regulatory commission in the fourth quarter of 2015 in alaska. taxes other than income taxes were additionally decreased due to lower property taxes in 2016 in our alaska and lower 48 segments.
40
interest and debt expense increased 35 percent in 2016, primarily due to lower capitalized interest on projects and increased debt.
see note 18—income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information regarding our income tax benefit and effective tax rate.
summary operating statistics
2017                              2016                   2015
average net production crude oil (mbd)*                                                                              599                    598                    605
natural gas liquids (mbd)                                                                     111                    145                    156
bitumen (mbd)                                                                                 122                    183                    151
natural gas (mmcfd)**                                                                       3,270                  3,857                  4,060
total production (mboed)***                                                                 1,377                  1,569                  1,589
dollars per unit average sales prices crude oil (per barrel)                                                                     $51.96                  40.86                  48.26
natural gas liquids (per barrel)                                                            25.22                  16.68                  17.79
bitumen (per barrel)                                                                        22.66                  15.27                  18.72
natural gas (per thousand cubic feet)                                                        4.07                   3.00                   3.96
millions of dollars worldwide exploration expenses general and administrative; geological and geophysical, lease rental, and other              $372                    731                  1,127
leasehold impairment                                                                          136                    466                  1,924
dry holes                                                                                     430                    718                  1,141
$938                  1,915                  4,192
*thousands of barrels per day.
**millions of cubic feet per day. represents quantities available for sale and excludes gas equivalent of natural gas liquids included above.
***thousands of barrels of oil equivalent per day.
we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids on a worldwide basis. at december 31, 2017, our operations were producing in the united states, norway, the united kingdom, canada, australia, timor-leste, indonesia, china, malaysia, qatar and libya.
total production, including libya, of 1,377 mboed decreased 12 percent in 2017 compared with 2016. the decrease in total average production primarily resulted from noncore asset dispositions, including our canada and san juan transactions in 2017 and the sale of our interest in the block b production sharing contract (psc) in indonesia in 2016, and normal field decline. the decrease in production was partly offset by production from major developments, including tight oil plays in the lower 48; malikai and the kebabangan gas field in malaysia; surmont in canada; and aplng in australia. improved drilling and well performance in alaska, norway and china also partly offset the decrease in production. excluding libya, our 2017 production was 1,356 mboed. adjusted for the impact of closed and planned dispositions of 191 mboed in 2017 and 434 mboed in 2016 and libya, our underlying production increased 32 mboed, or 3 percent, compared with 2016.
in 2016, total production, including libya, of 1,569 mboed decreased 1 percent compared with 2015. the decrease in total average production primarily resulted from normal field decline and the loss of 72 mboed
41
mainly attributable to the 2015 dispositions of several noncore assets in the lower 48, western canada and the sale of our interest in the polar lights company in russia. the decrease in production was partly offset by additional production from major developments, including tight oil plays in the lower 48; aplng in australia; the western north slope in alaska; the kebabangan gas field in malaysia; and the greater ekofisk area in norway. improved drilling and well performance in canada, norway, the lower 48, and china, as well as lower unplanned downtime in the lower 48 also partly offset the decrease in production. assets sold in 2016 produced 27 mboed and 36 mboed in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
alaska
2017                   2016          2015
net income attributable to conocophillips (millions of dollars)          $1,466           319             4
average net production crude oil (mbd)                                                             167           163           158
natural gas liquids (mbd)                                                    14            12            13
natural gas (mmcfd)                                                           7            25            42
total production (mboed)                                                    182           179           178
average sales prices crude oil (per barrel)                                                   $53.33         41.93         51.61
natural gas (per thousand cubic feet)                                      2.72          5.22          4.33
the alaska segment primarily explores for, produces, transports and markets crude oil, natural gas liquids, natural gas and lng. in 2017, alaska contributed 22 percent of our worldwide liquids production and less than 1 percent of our natural gas production.
2017 vs. 2016
alaska reported earnings of $1,466 million in 2017, compared with earnings of $319 million in 2016. the increase in earnings was mainly due to an $892 million tax benefit from the revaluation of allocated u.s. deferred taxes at a lower federal statutory rate, in accordance with the newly enacted tax legislation. earnings were additionally improved due to higher crude oil prices in 2017. the earnings increase was partly offset by a $110 million after-tax impairment charge for the associated properties, plants and equipment of our small interest in the point thomson unit.
average production increased 2 percent in 2017 compared with 2016, as the impact of normal field decline was more than offset by well performance in the western north slope, greater prudhoe and greater kuparuk areas and lower unplanned downtime.
2016 vs. 2015
alaska reported earnings of $319 million in 2016, compared with earnings of $4 million in 2015. the increase in earnings was mainly due to:
•   lower exploration expenses, primarily due to the absence of the 2015 impairment charge for our chukchi sea leasehold and capitalized interest. for additional information on our impairments, see note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

•   reduced production and operating expense, mainly from lower maintenance costs and general and administrative expenses.

•   enhanced oil recovery tax credits.

42
•   higher crude oil sales volumes, partly offset by the absence of lng sales volumes.

•   a $57 million after-tax impact for the recognition of state deferred tax assets.

•   a $36 million after-tax gain on the sale of our interest in the alaska beluga river unit natural gas field.

the increase in earnings was partly offset by lower crude oil prices and higher dd&a expense, mainly due to capital additions.
average production increased 1 percent in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to new production from the alpine cd5 drill site and strong well performance in the greater prudhoe area. the production increase was partly offset by normal field decline.
acquisition in january 2018, we entered into an agreement to acquire certain oil and gas assets in alaska for $400 million, subject to customary adjustments. the acquisition is subject to regulatory approval. we will have a 100 percent interest in approximately 1.2 million acres of exploration and development lands, including the willow discovery.
lower 48
2017                           2016                  2015
net loss attributable to conocophillips (millions of dollars)         $(2,371   )            (2,257   )            (1,932   )
average net production crude oil (mbd)                                                           180                   195                   206
natural gas liquids (mbd)                                                  69                    88                    94
natural gas (mmcfd)                                                       898                 1,219                 1,472
total production (mboed)                                                  399                   486                   545
average sales prices crude oil (per barrel)                                                 $47.36                 37.49                 42.62
natural gas liquids (per barrel)                                        22.20                 14.34                 14.01
natural gas (per thousand cubic feet)                                    2.73                  2.20                  2.43
the lower 48 segment consists of operations located in the u.s. lower 48 states and exploration activities in the gulf of mexico. during 2017, the lower 48 contributed 30 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 27 percent of our natural gas production.
2017 vs. 2016
lower 48 reported a loss of $2,371 million after-tax in 2017, compared with a loss of $2,257 million after-tax in 2016. the increase in loss was primarily due to proved property impairments in 2017, totaling $2.5 billion after-tax, for our interests in the san juan basin and the barnett which were written down to fair value less costs to sell. lower natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids sales volumes from asset dispositions and normal field decline further increased losses during the year.
43
the increase in losses was partly offset by:
•   lower dd&amp;a expense, mainly resulting from a lower unit-of-production rate from reserve revisions, disposition impacts and lower volumes.

•   a $689 million tax benefit, primarily related to the revaluation of allocated u.s. deferred taxes at a lower federal statutory rate, in accordance with the newly enacted tax legislation.

•   higher realized crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas prices.

•   lower exploration expenses mainly due to:

¡                   lower leasehold impairment expense, primarily the absence of 2016 after-tax charges of $132 million for our gibson and tiber leaseholds; $62 million for our melmar leasehold and $52 million for various gulf of mexico leases after completion of marketing efforts. the reduction was partly offset by an after-tax charge of $33 million for shenandoah in deepwater gulf of mexico and an after-tax charge of $24 million for certain mineral assets, both in 2017.

¡   lower other exploration expenses, mainly due to the absence of a $95 million after-tax expense in 2016 related to the cancellation of our final gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract.

¡    lower dry hole costs primarily due to the absence of 2016 after-tax charges in deepwater gulf of mexico of $162 million for our gibson and tiber wells, and $83 million for our melmar well, partly offset by 2017 after-tax charges of $187 million for multiple wells in shenandoah and $41 million for several wells in the powder river basin.

in 2017, our average realized crude oil price of $47.36 per barrel was 7 percent less than wti of $50.90 per barrel. the differential is driven primarily by local market dynamics in the gulf coast and bakken.
total average production decreased 18 percent in 2017 compared with 2016. the decrease was mainly attributable to normal field decline and the disposition of our interests in the san juan basin, partly offset by new production, primarily from eagle ford and bakken.
asset disposition on july 31, 2017, we completed the sale of our interests in the san juan basin for total proceeds comprised of $2.5 billion in cash after customary adjustments and a contingent payment of up to $300 million. the six-year contingent payment, effective beginning january 1, 2018, is due annually for the periods in which the monthly u.s. henry hub price is at or above $3.20 per million british thermal units.
on september 29, 2017, we completed the sale of our interest in the panhandle assets for $178 million in cash after customary adjustments.
for additional information on our asset sales in the lower 48, see note 4—assets held for sale, sold or acquired, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
2016 vs. 2015
lower 48 reported a loss of $2,257 million after-tax in 2016, compared with a loss of $1,932 million after-tax in 2015. the increase in losses was primarily due to:
•   the absence of a $368 million after-tax gain on the disposition of certain properties in south texas, east texas and north louisiana.

•   lower crude oil and natural gas prices.

•   lower sales volumes across all commodities due to dispositions and field decline.

•   higher proved property impairments, including a $49 million after-tax impairment associated with changes to development plans for eagle ford infrastructure.

44
the increase in losses was partly offset by:
•   lower production and operating expenses, mainly due to reduced activity and cost efficiencies.

•   lower exploration expenses, mainly due to:

¡   reduced other exploration costs, mainly due to the absence of a $216 million after-tax charge related to the termination of our gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract with ensco in 2015, partly offset by 2016 rig cancellation and related third party costs of $95 million after-tax for our final gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract.

¡   lower general and administrative, and geological and geophysical expenses.

¡              lower leasehold impairment expense, including the absence of 2015 after-tax charges of $154 million for certain leases in the gulf of mexico and $100 million for various blocks in the gila prospect. the decrease in leasehold impairment was partly offset by 2016 after-tax charges of $132 million for our gibson and tiber leaseholds and $62 million for the melmar prospect, all in the gulf of mexico.

¡                lower exploration expenses were partly offset by slightly increased dry hole costs in 2016, including after-tax charges in deepwater gulf of mexico of $162 million for our gibson and tiber wells and $83 million associated with our melmar well. dry hole costs in 2016 were partly offset by the absence of a $111 million after-tax charge in 2015 associated with two wells in the gila prospect in the deepwater gulf of mexico.

•   an $88 million gain associated with our receipt of greater northern iron ore properties trust assets in the fourth quarter of 2016.

•   a $48 million after-tax benefit from a damage claim settlement.

•   a $38 million after-tax gain from the disposition of noncore assets and lease exchanges.

•   lower dd&amp;a, mainly due to 2016 reserve additions and reduced volumes, partly offset by price-related reserve revisions.

total average production decreased 11 percent in 2016 compared with 2015. the decrease was mainly attributable to normal field decline and the 2015 disposition of noncore properties in east texas and north louisiana, as well as south texas. the reduction was partly offset by new production and well performance, primarily from eagle ford, bakken and the permian basin, as well as lower unplanned downtime.
45
canada
2017                      2016               2015
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips (millions of dollars)          $2,564            (935)            (1,044)
average net production crude oil (mbd)                                                                      3                7                 12
natural gas liquids (mbd)                                                            9               23                 26
bitumen (mbd)
consolidated operations                                                             59               35                 13
equity affiliates                                                                   63              148                138
total bitumen                                                                      122              183                151
natural gas (mmcfd)                                                                187              524                715
total production (mboed)                                                           165              300                308
average sales prices crude oil (per barrel)                                                          $43.69            35.25              39.52
natural gas liquids (per barrel)                                                 21.51            14.82              17.02
bitumen (dollars per barrel)
consolidated operations                                                          21.43            12.91              20.13
equity affiliates                                                                23.83            15.80              18.58
total bitumen                                                                    22.66            15.27              18.72
natural gas (per thousand cubic feet)                                             1.93             1.49               1.91
our canadian operations mainly consist of an oil sands development in the athabasca region of northeastern alberta and a liquids-rich unconventional play in western canada. in 2017, canada contributed 16 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 6 percent of our worldwide natural gas production.
2017 vs. 2016
canada operations reported earnings of $2,564 million in 2017, an increase of $3,499 million compared with 2016. the earnings increase was mainly due to an after-tax gain of $1.6 billion on the sale of certain canadian assets, further discussed below, as well as the recognition of $996 million in deferred tax benefits related to the capital gains component of our disposition and the recognition of previously unrealizable canadian tax basis.
in addition to the items discussed above, earnings were further increased due to:
•   lower dd&amp;a, mainly from disposition impacts.

•   lower dry hole costs, mainly due to the absence of 2016 combined after-tax charges in offshore nova scotia of $187 million for our cheshire and monterey jack wells.

•   higher realized prices across all commodities.

•   a $114 million tax benefit related to our prior decision to exit nova scotia deepwater exploration.

•   lower production and operating expenses.

•   improved equity earnings, as improved prices and reduced dd&amp;a more than offset the volume loss from our canada disposition.

46
the earnings increase was partly offset by additional volume reductions from the disposition of our western canada gas assets.
total average production decreased 45 percent in 2017 compared with 2016. the production decrease was primarily due to the canada disposition, partly offset by production ramp-up at surmont.
asset disposition on may 17, 2017, we completed the sale of our 50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy. consideration for the transaction was $11.0 billion in cash after customary adjustments, 208 million cenovus energy common shares and a five-year uncapped contingent payment. the contingent payment, calculated and paid on a quarterly basis, is $6 million canadian dollars (cad) for every $1 cad by which the western canada select (wcs) quarterly average crude price exceeds $52 cad per barrel. see note 4—assets held for sale, sold or acquired and note 6—investment in cenovus energy, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information regarding our canada disposition.
2016 vs. 2015
canada operations reported a loss of $935 million in 2016, a decrease in loss of $109 million compared with 2015. the decrease in loss was primarily due to:
•   the absence of a $136 million impact of a 2 percent increase in alberta corporate tax rates on deferred taxes in 2015.

•   lower production and operating expenses, mainly due to reduced headcount and the disposition of noncore assets in western canada.

•   lower exploration expenses, mainly due to:

¡   reduced leasehold impairment expense, including the absence of an impairment charge for undeveloped leasehold in the duvernay, thornbury, saleski and crow lake areas. the reduction in leasehold impairment expense was partly offset by a $23 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter of 2016 primarily due to decisions to discontinue further testing on undeveloped leaseholds.

¡   lower general and administrative, and geological and geophysical expenses.

¡   lower dry hole costs, mainly due to the absence of 2015 charges associated with our horn river, northwest territories, thornbury and saleski properties, partly offset by dry hole costs in 2016, including total after-tax charges in offshore nova scotia of $187 million for our cheshire and monterey jack wells.

•   higher gains on dispositions, including the absence of a $103 million net after-tax loss on the disposition of noncore assets in western canada in 2015.

the decrease in loss was partly offset by lower commodity prices; higher dd&a expense, mainly from price-related reserve revisions; and a $42 million after-tax impairment charge related to certain developed properties in central alberta, which were classified as held for sale, being written down to fair value less costs to sell.
total average production decreased 3 percent in 2016 compared with 2015, while bitumen production increased 21 percent over the same periods. the decrease in total production was mainly attributable to the disposition of noncore assets in western canada and normal field decline. the production decrease was partly offset by strong well performance in western canada, surmont and fccl.
47
europe and north africa
2017            2016          2015
net income attributable to conocophillips (millions            $553           394           409
of dollars)
average net production crude oil (mbd)                                                 142           122           120
natural gas liquids (mbd)                                         8             7             7
natural gas (mmcfd)                                             484           460           476
total production (mboed)                                        230           205           207
average sales prices crude oil (dollars per barrel)                               $54.21         43.66         52.75
natural gas liquids (per barrel)                              34.07         22.62         27.56
natural gas (per thousand cubic feet)                          5.70          4.71          7.14
the europe and north africa segment consists of operations principally located in the norwegian and u.k. sectors of the north sea, the norwegian sea and libya. in 2017, our europe and north africa operations contributed 18 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 15 percent of our natural gas production.
2017 vs. 2016
earnings for europe and north africa operations of $553 million increased 40 percent in 2017. the increase in earnings was primarily due to higher realized crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. earnings were additionally improved by lower dd&a, mainly due to reserve revisions; a $60 million tax benefit from the revaluation of allocated u.s. deferred taxes at a lower u.s. federal statutory rate, in accordance with the newly enacted tax legislation; and a $41 million tax benefit in norway.
the increase in earnings was partly offset by the absence of a 2016 net deferred tax benefit of $161 million resulting from a change in the u.k. tax rate and a lower credit to impairment in 2017, compared to 2016, reflecting the annual updates to asset retirement obligations (aro) on fields at or nearing the end of life which were impaired in prior years. the earnings improvement was further reduced by a net deferred tax charge of $65 million in the u.k. resulting from updated assumptions regarding applicable tax rates.
average production increased 12 percent in 2017, compared with 2016. the increase was mainly due to the resumption and ramp-up of production in libya; improved drilling and well performance in norway; new production from the greater britannia area and norway; and higher norway gas offtake, partly offset by normal field decline.
2016 vs. 2015
earnings for europe and north africa operations of $394 million decreased 4 percent in 2016. the decrease in earnings was primarily due to the absence of a $555 million net deferred tax benefit as a result of a change in the u.k. tax rate, effective at the beginning of 2015; lower crude oil and natural gas prices; lower sales volumes; and the absence of a 2015 after-tax gain of $49 million on the sale of our 1.9 percent interest in norwegian continental shelf gas transportation (gassled).
48
the decrease in earnings was partly offset by:
•                      lower property impairments, including the absence of 2015 after-tax charges of $317 million in the u.k. due to lower crude oil and natural gas prices, and a $180 million credit to impairment in 2016 due to decreased aro estimates on fields at or nearing the end of life which were impaired in prior years. the reduction in property impairments was partly offset by a $59 million after-tax charge associated with our calder field and rivers terminal in the u.k. for additional information on our impairments, see note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

•   lower dd&amp;a expense in the u.k. driven by reduced rate, as a result of completed depreciation on the brodgar h3 tie-back well in 2015, and lower volumes.

•   a $161 million net deferred tax benefit resulting from a reduction in the u.k. tax rate, which was enacted in september 2016 and effective january 1, 2016.

•   reduced operating expenses across the segment.

average production decreased 1 percent in 2016, compared with 2015. the decrease in production was mainly due to normal field decline, partly offset by improved drilling and well performance in norway and new production from the greater ekofisk and greater britannia areas. libya production remained largely shut in, as the es sider crude oil export terminal closure continued throughout the third quarter of 2016. production resumed in libya in october 2016.
49
asia pacific and middle east
2017                         2016             2015
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips           $(1,098)              209            (463)
(millions of dollars)
average net production crude oil (mbd)
consolidated operations                                          93               97               91
equity affiliates                                                14               14               14
total crude oil                                                 107              111              105
natural gas liquids (mbd)
consolidated operations                                           4                7                9
equity affiliates                                                 7                8                7
total natural gas liquids                                        11               15               16
natural gas (mmcfd)
consolidated operations                                         687              730              717
equity affiliates                                             1,007              899              638
total natural gas                                             1,694            1,629            1,355
total production (mboed)                                        401              399              347
average sales prices crude oil (dollars per barrel)
consolidated operations                                      $54.38            42.23            49.70
equity affiliates                                             54.76            44.11            53.12
total crude oil                                               54.43            42.47            50.16
natural gas liquids (dollars per barrel)
consolidated operations                                       41.37            29.00            37.78
equity affiliates                                             38.74            31.13            35.79
total natural gas liquids                                     39.75            30.11            36.88
natural gas (dollars per thousand cubic feet)
consolidated operations                                        4.98             4.31             6.23
equity affiliates                                              4.27             2.97             4.83
total natural gas                                              4.55             3.57             5.58
the asia pacific and middle east segment has operations in china, indonesia, malaysia, australia, timor-leste and qatar, as well as exploration activities in brunei. during 2017, asia pacific and middle east contributed 14 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 52 percent of our natural gas production.
2017 vs. 2016
asia pacific and middle east reported a loss of $1,098 million in 2017, compared with earnings of $209 million in 2016. the increase in loss was mainly due to a $2,384 million before- and after-tax charge for the impairment of our aplng investment in 2017. for additional information on our aplng impairment, see the “aplng” section of note 5—investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements. additionally, lower sales volumes in indonesia, australia and china further increased losses.
50
the increase in losses was partly offset by higher equity earnings, mainly as a result of higher commodity prices, increased sales volumes at aplng and the absence of a 2016 deferred tax charge of $174 million resulting from the change of our aplng tax functional currency. higher realized crude oil and natural gas prices on non-equity volumes further reduced the loss.
average production was essentially flat in 2017.
2016 vs. 2015
asia pacific and middle east reported earnings of $209 million in 2016, compared with a loss of $463 million in 2015. the earnings increase was mainly due to:
•   the absence of a $1,502 million before- and after-tax charge for the impairment of our aplng investment in 2015. for additional information on our aplng impairment, see the
“aplng” section of note 5—investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

•   higher lng sales volumes.

•   lower production taxes.

•   reduced feedstock costs at darwin lng.

•   lower operating expenses, mainly due to lower general and administrative spend, maintenance costs and transportation expenses across the segment.

•   lower exploration expenses, mainly due to lower dry hole costs, as well as the absence of a $41 million after-tax charge in 2015 for the impairment of our relinquished palangkaraya psc, and reduced exploration general and administrative expense.

the earnings increase was partly offset by lower prices across all commodities; lower equity earnings from aplng, mainly as a result of higher dd&a expense from aplng trains 1 and 2 coming online; and a third-quarter 2016 deferred tax charge of $174 million resulting from aplng’s tax functional currency change.
average production increased 15 percent in 2016, compared with 2015. the production increase in 2016 was mainly attributable to new production from the ramp-up of aplng in australia and the kebabangan gas field in malaysia, improved drilling and well performance in china and malaysia, and increased recoveries from production sharing contracts in indonesia. the production increase was partially offset by normal field decline across the segment.
other international
2017        2016         2015
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips (millions of dollars)      $167        (16)        (593)
average net production crude oil (mbd)
equity affiliates                                                              -           -            4
total production (mboed)                                                       -           -            4
average sales prices crude oil (dollars per barrel)
equity affiliates                                                              -           -        37.21
the other international segment includes exploration activities in colombia and chile.
51
2017 vs. 2016
other international operations reported earnings of $167 million in 2017, compared with a loss of $16 million in 2016. the increase in earnings was primarily due to a $320 million before- and after-tax icsid award from an arbitration with the republic of ecuador. earnings were additionally increased due to lower rig stacking costs in angola. the increase in earnings was partly offset by the absence of a $138 million gain in 2016 on the disposition of conocophillips senegal b.v., the entity that held our interest in three exploration blocks offshore senegal, and a $45 million tax charge from the revaluation of allocated u.s. deferred taxes at a lower u.s. federal statutory rate, in accordance with the newly enacted tax legislation.
2016 vs. 2015
other international operations reported a loss of $16 million in 2016, compared with a loss of $593 million in 2015. the decrease in losses was primarily due to the absence of after-tax charges in 2015 of $235 million, $75 million and $32 million net for property impairments on our angola block 36, angola block 37 and poland leasehold, respectively. additionally, losses decreased due to the absence of the 2015 after-tax dry hole expenses offshore angola of $81 million for the omosi-1 well and $59 million for the vali-1 well, combined with a $138 million gain on the 2016 disposition of conocophillips senegal b.v., the entity that held our interest in three exploration blocks offshore senegal.
corporate and other millions of dollars
2017                            2016                  2015
net loss attributable to conocophillips net interest                                    $(739           )               (980    )             (518   )
corporate general and administrative expenses           (284    )               (289    )             (246   )
technology                                      20                                50                   122
other                                                 (1,133    )               (110    )             (167   )
$(2,136         )             (1,329    )             (809   )
2017 vs. 2016
net interest consists of interest and financing expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest. net interest decreased 25 percent in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to impacts from the fair market value method of apportioning interest expense in the united states and lower interest as a result of reduced debt. higher interest income further drove the decrease in net interest, which was partly offset by lower capitalized interest on projects.
corporate general and administrative expenses which include pension settlement expenses and compensation program costs was essentially flat in 2017.
technology includes our investment in new technologies or businesses, as well as licensing revenues received. activities are focused on tight oil reservoirs, lng, oil sands and other production operations. earnings from technology were $20 million in 2017, compared with $50 million in 2016. the decrease in earnings primarily resulted from lower licensing revenues, partly offset by reduced technology program spend.
the category “other” includes certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, other costs not directly associated with an operating segment and premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt. “other” expenses increased $1,023 million in 2017, mainly due to an $813 million tax charge from the revaluation of deferred taxes at a lower federal statutory rate, in accordance with the newly enacted tax legislation and premiums on our early retirement of debt.
52
2016 vs. 2015
net interest increased 89 percent in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily as a result of the absence of the 2015 impacts from the fair market value of apportioning interest expense in the united states, lower capitalized interest on projects, and increased debt.
corporate general and administrative expenses increased 17 percent in 2016, mainly due to increases from market impacts on certain compensation programs, partly offset by lower staff expenses.
earnings from technology were $50 million in 2016, compared with $122 million in 2015. the decrease in earnings primarily resulted from lower licensing revenues, partly offset by reduced technology program spend.
“other” expenses decreased 34 percent in 2016, mainly due to lower restructuring costs and favorable foreign currency impacts, partly offset by the absence of a 2015 tax benefit.
53
capital resources and liquidity financial indicators millions of dollars except as indicated
2017                   2016                 2015
net cash provided by operating activities               $7,077                4,403                7,572
cash and cash equivalents                                6,325                3,610                2,368
short-term debt                                          2,575                1,089                1,427
total debt                                              19,703               27,275               24,880
total equity                                            30,801               35,226               40,082
percent of total debt to capital*                           39   %               44                   38
percent of floating-rate debt to total debt                  5   %                9                    7
*capital includes total debt and total equity.
to meet our short- and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources, including cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from asset sales, our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our shelf registration statement. in 2017, the primary uses of our available cash were $7,876 million to reduce debt; $4,591 million to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program; $1,305 million to pay dividends on our common stock; $1,790 million net purchases of short-term investments; $3,000 million to repurchase our common stock; and a $600 million contribution to our domestic qualified pension plan. during 2017, cash and cash equivalents increased by $2,715 million to $6,325 million.
we believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the “significant sources of capital” section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near and long term, including our capital spending program, share repurchases, dividend payments and required debt payments.
significant sources of capital operating activities during 2017, cash provided by operating activities was $7,077 million, a 61 percent increase from 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher prices across all commodities.
while the stability of our cash flows from operating activities benefits from geographic diversity, our short- and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids. prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control. absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
the level of absolute production volumes, as well as product and location mix, impacts our cash flows. our 2017 production averaged 1,377 mboed. full-year 2018 production is expected to be 1,195 to 1,235 mboed. this results in approximately 5 percent growth compared with full-year 2017 underlying production, which excludes the impact of closed and planned dispositions of 191 mboed. production guidance for 2018 excludes libya. future production is subject to numerous uncertainties, including, among others, the volatile crude oil and natural gas price environment, which may impact investment decisions; the effects of price changes on production sharing and variable-royalty contracts; acquisition and disposition of fields; field production decline rates; new technologies; operating efficiencies; timing of startups and major turnarounds; political instability; weather-related disruptions; and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost-effective development. while we actively manage these factors, production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices.
54
to maintain or grow our production volumes on an ongoing basis, we must continue to add to our proved reserve base. our total reserve replacement in 2017 was negative 168 percent. our organic reserve replacement, which excludes the impact of sales and purchases, was 200 percent in 2017. over the five-year period ended december 31, 2017, our reserve replacement was a negative 24 percent (including 3 percent from consolidated operations) reflecting the impact of asset dispositions and lower prices. the total reserve replacement amount above is based on the sum of our net additions (revisions, improved recovery, purchases, extensions and discoveries, and sales) divided by our production, as shown in our reserve table disclosures. for additional information about our 2018 capital budget, see the “2018 capital budget” section within “capital resources and liquidity” and for additional information on proved reserves, including both developed and undeveloped reserves, see the “oil and gas operations” section of this report.
as discussed in the “critical accounting estimates” section, engineering estimates of proved reserves are imprecise; therefore, each year reserves may be revised upward or downward due to the impact of changes in commodity prices or as more technical data becomes available on reservoirs. in 2017, revisions increased reserves, while in 2016 and 2015, revisions decreased reserves. it is not possible to reliably predict how revisions will impact reserve quantities in the future.
investing activities proceeds from asset sales in 2017 were $13.9 billion. we completed the sale of our 50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy. consideration for the transaction included $11.0 billion in cash after customary adjustments and 208 million cenovus energy common shares. we completed the sale of our interests in the san juan basin to an affiliate of hilcorp energy company. total proceeds for the sale was $2.5 billion in cash after customary adjustments. we also completed the sale of our interest in the panhandle assets for $178 million in cash after customary adjustments.
proceeds from asset dispositions in 2016 were $1.3 billion, primarily from the sales of conocophillips senegal b.v., the entity that held our 35 percent interest in three exploration blocks offshore senegal; our 40 percent interest in south natuna sea block b in indonesia; our interest in the alaska beluga river unit natural gas field in the cook inlet; and certain mineral and non-mineral fee lands in northeastern minnesota.
for additional information on our dispositions and investment in cenovus common shares, see note 4—assets held for sale, sold or acquired and note 6—investment in cenovus energy, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, and the results of operations section within management’s discussion and analysis.
commercial paper and credit facilities we have a revolving credit facility totaling $6.75 billion, expiring in june 2019. our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $500 million, or as support for our commercial paper programs. the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings. the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $200 million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the united states. the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts. the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
we have two commercial paper programs. the conocophillips $6.25 billion commercial paper program is available to fund short-term working capital needs. we also have the conocophillips qatar funding ltd. $500 million commercial paper program, which is used to fund commitments relating to qg3. commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days. we had no commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2017 or 2016, under either the conocophillips or the conocophillips qatar funding ltd. commercial paper
55
program. we had no direct borrowings or letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. since we had no commercial paper outstanding and had issued no letters of credit, we had access to $6.75 billion in borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2017.
in the first quarter of 2017, fitch and standard & poor’s reflected an improvement in their outlook for our debt from “negative” to “stable” and affirmed our long-term debt rating at “a-.” in january 2018, fitch further improved their outlook for our debt from “stable” to “positive.” after improving their outlook for our debt from “negative” to “positive” in the first quarter of 2017, moody’s investor services upgraded our long-term debt rating from “baa2” to “baa1” with a stable outlook in the third quarter of 2017 in response to our debt reduction. we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, in the event of a downgrade of our credit rating. if our credit rating were downgraded, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets. if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
certain of our project-related contracts, commercial contracts and derivative instruments contain provisions requiring us to post collateral. many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters of credit as collateral. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had direct bank letters of credit of $338 million and $304 million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business. in the event of credit ratings downgrades, we may be required to post additional letters of credit.
shelf registration we have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) under which we, as a well-known seasoned issuer, have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
off-balance sheet arrangements as part of our normal ongoing business operations and consistent with normal industry practice, we enter into numerous agreements with other parties to pursue business opportunities, which share costs and apportion risks among the parties as governed by the agreements.
for information about guarantees, see note 11—guarantees, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
56
capital requirements for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the “capital expenditures” section.
our debt balance at december 31, 2017, was $19.7 billion, a decrease of $7.6 billion from the balance at december 31, 2016.
in 2017, two notes totaling $1,001 million were paid at maturity, including the $1.0 billion 1.05% notes due 2017. also in 2017, we prepaid the $1,450 million term loan facility due in 2019. we also redeemed a total $5.0 billion of debt, described below, incurring $301 million in premiums above book value, which are reported in the “other expense” line on our consolidated income statement.
•   6.65% debentures due 2018 with principal of $297 million.

•   5.20% notes due 2018 with principal of $500 million.

•   1.5% notes due 2018 with principal of $750 million.

•   5.75% notes due 2019 with principal of $2.25 billion.

•   6.00% notes due 2020 with principal of $1.0 billion.

•   4.20% notes due 2021 with principal of $1.25 billion (partial redemption of $250 million).

in the fourth quarter of 2017, we gave notice to redeem the following debt instruments totaling $2.25 billion.
•   2.2% notes due 2020 with principal of $500 million.

•   4.20% notes due 2021 with remaining principal of $1.0 billion.

•   2.875% notes due 2021 with principal of $750 million.

the prepayments occurred on january 22, 2018, and we incurred premiums above book value of $75 million.
on a longer-term basis our debt target is $15 billion by year-end 2019. in the future, we may redeem other debt instruments or purchase debt instruments in the open market or otherwise, as we seek to achieve this target. any such redemptions or purchases would be subject to market conditions and other factors, and may be conducted or discontinued at any time without prior notice. for more information on debt, see note 10—debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
on january 31, 2017, we announced a 6 percent increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.265 per share. the dividend was paid on march 1, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on february 14, 2017. on may 5, 2017, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.265 per share. the dividend was paid on june 1, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on may 15, 2017. on july 12, 2017, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.265 per share. the dividend was paid on september 1, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on july 24, 2017.
on october 6, 2017, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.265 per share which was paid on december 1, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on october 16, 2017. additionally, on february 1, 2018, we announced an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.285 per share, compared with the previous quarterly dividend of $0.265 per share. the dividend is payable on march 1, 2018, to stockholders of record at the close of business on february 12, 2018.
on november 10, 2016, we announced plans to purchase up to $3 billion of our common stock through 2019. on march 29, 2017, we announced plans to double our share repurchase program to $6 billion of common stock through 2019, with $3 billion allocated and purchased in 2017, and the remainder allocated evenly to 2018 and 2019. on february 1, 2018, we announced the acceleration of our previously stated 2018 share repurchases from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion, with the remaining balance to be repurchased in 2019. since our share repurchase program began in november 2016, we have repurchased 66 million shares at a cost of $3.1 billion through december 31, 2017.
in addition to our previously announced share repurchase program above, we are currently planning to purchase up to an additional $1.5 billion of our common stock through 2020. whether we undertake these additional repurchases is ultimately subject to numerous considerations, including board authorization, market conditions and other factors. see risk factors “our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations.”
during the third quarter of 2017, we made a $600 million contribution to our domestic qualified pension plan, which is included in the “other” line in the “cash flows from operating activities” section of our
57
consolidated statement of cash flows. this additional contribution significantly lowers our domestic pension deficit which will reduce future premiums charged by the pension benefit guaranty corporation. it also mitigates the need for contributions in future quarters.
contractual obligations the table below summarizes our aggregate contractual fixed and variable obligations as of december 31, 2017:
millions of dollars payments due by period total               up to 1               years               years                 after year                 2–3                 4–5               5 years debt obligations (a)                                        $18,929                 2,508                  63               1,706                14,652
capital lease obligations (b)                                   774                    67                 147                 132                   428
total debt                                                   19,703                 2,575                 210               1,838                15,080
interest on debt and other obligations                       13,884                   955               1,881               1,834                 9,214
operating lease obligations (c)                               1,548                   278                 628                 433                   209
purchase obligations (d)                                     10,102                 4,210               1,833                 945                 3,114
other long-term liabilities pension and postretirement benefit contributions (e)          1,312                   210                 491                 611                     –
asset retirement obligations (f)                              7,798                   251                 687                 575                 6,285
accrued environmental costs (g)                                 180                    25                  36                  29                    90
unrecognized tax benefits (h)                                    51                    51                 (h)                 (h)                   (h)
total                                                       $54,578                 8,555               5,766               6,265                33,992
(a)   includes $252 million of net unamortized premiums, discounts and debt issuance costs. see note 10—debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.

(b)   capital lease obligations are presented on a discounted basis.

(c)   operating lease obligations are presented on an undiscounted basis.

(d)   represents any agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding and that specifies all significant terms, presented on an undiscounted basis. does not include purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator.

the majority of the purchase obligations are market-based contracts related to our commodity business. product purchase commitments with third parties totaled $3,487 million.
purchase obligations of $5,443 million are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third-party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and lng and product terminals, to transport, process, treat and store commodities. the remainder is primarily our net share of purchase commitments for materials and services for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are the operator.
(e)   represents contributions to qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans for the years 2018 through 2022. for additional information related to expected benefit payments subsequent to 2022, see note 17—employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

58
(f)   represents estimated discounted costs to retire and remove long-lived assets at the end of their operations.

(g)   represents estimated costs for accrued environmental expenditures presented on a discounted basis for costs acquired in various business combinations and an undiscounted basis for all other accrued environmental costs.

(h)   excludes unrecognized tax benefits of $831 million because the ultimate disposition and timing of any payments to be made with regard to such amounts are not reasonably estimable. although unrecognized tax benefits are not a contractual obligation, they are presented in this table because they represent potential demands on our liquidity.

capital expenditures millions of dollars
2017                   2016                    2015
alaska                                $815                    883                   1,352
lower 48                             2,136                  1,262                   3,765
canada                                 202                    698                   1,255
europe and north africa                872                  1,020                   1,573
asia pacific and middle east           482                    838                   1,812
other international                     21                    104                     173
corporate and other                     63                     64                     120
capital program                     $4,591                  4,869                  10,050
our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended december 31, 2017, totaled $19.5 billion. the 2017 expenditures supported key exploration and developments, primarily:
•   oil and natural gas development and exploration and appraisal activities in the lower 48, including eagle ford, bakken, the permian basin, the niobrara in the denver-julesburg basin and several emerging plays.

•   alaska activities related to development in the western north slope, greater kuparuk area, and the greater prudhoe area.

•   development activities in europe, including the greater ekofisk area, clair ridge, aasta hansteen, and heidrun.

•   continued oil sands development and appraisal activities in liquids-rich plays in canada.

•   continued development in malaysia, indonesia, china, and australia; appraisal activity in australia and exploration activity in malaysia.

2018 capital budget in november 2017, we announced a 2018 capital budget of $5.5 billion, including $3.5 billion of sustaining capital and $2 billion in accretive, short-cycle unconventional programs, future major projects and exploration activities.
we are planning to allocate approximately:
•   51 percent of our 2018 capital expenditures budget to development drilling programs. these funds will focus predominantly on the lower 48 unconventionals including the eagle ford, bakken and permian, as well as development drilling in australia/timor-leste, norway and alaska.

59
•   18 percent of our 2018 capital expenditures budget to maintain base production and corporate expenditures.

•   17 percent of our 2018 capital expenditures budget to major projects. these funds will focus on major projects in china, alaska, europe and malaysia.

•   8 percent of our 2018 capital expenditures budget to new exploration activity, primarily in alaska and the lower 48.

•   6 percent of our 2018 capital expenditures budget to development appraisal, including the lower 48, canada and alaska.

for information on proved undeveloped reserves and the associated costs to develop these reserves, see the “oil and gas operations” section.
contingencies a number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed against conocophillips. we also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active and inactive sites. we regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies. in the case of all known contingencies (other than those related to income taxes), we accrue a liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. if a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued. we do not reduce these liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries. if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries. with respect to income tax related contingencies, we use a cumulative probability-weighted loss accrual in cases where sustaining a tax position is less than certain.
based on currently available information, we believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. for information on other contingencies, see “critical accounting estimates” and note 12—contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
legal and tax matters we are subject to various lawsuits and claims including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, personal injury, and property damage. our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties and claims of alleged environmental contamination from historic operations. we will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us. our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases. this process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation. based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required. see note 18—income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information about income tax-related contingencies.
60
environmental we are subject to the same numerous international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations as other companies in our industry. the most significant of these environmental laws and regulations include, among others, the:
•   u.s. federal clean air act, which governs air emissions.

•   u.s. federal clean water act, which governs discharges to water bodies.

•   european union regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals (reach).

•   u.s. federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla or superfund), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.

•   u.s. federal resource conservation and recovery act (rcra), which governs the treatment, storage and disposal of solid waste.

•   u.s. federal oil pollution act of 1990 (opa90), under which owners and operators of onshore facilities and pipelines, lessees or permittees of an area in which an offshore facility is located, and owners and operators of vessels are liable for removal costs and damages that result from a discharge of oil into navigable waters of the united states.

•   u.s. federal emergency planning and community right-to-know act (epcra), which requires facilities to report toxic chemical inventories with local emergency planning committees and response departments.

•   u.s. federal safe drinking water act, which governs the disposal of wastewater in underground injection wells.

•   u.s. department of the interior regulations, which relate to offshore oil and gas operations in u.s. waters and impose liability for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, as well as potential liability for pollution damages.

•   european union trading directive resulting in european emissions trading scheme.

these laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and, in the case of discharges to water, establish water quality limits. they also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations. these permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the application process, which can be expensive and time consuming. in addition, there can be delays associated with notice and comment periods and the agency’s processing of the application. many of the delays associated with the permitting process are beyond the control of the applicant.
many states and foreign countries where we operate also have, or are developing, similar environmental laws and regulations governing these same types of activities. while similar, in some cases these regulations may impose additional, or more stringent, requirements that can add to the cost and difficulty of marketing or transporting products across state and international borders.
the ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards, water quality standards and stricter fuel regulations, continue to evolve. however, environmental laws and regulations, including those that may arise to address concerns about global climate change, are expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations in the united states and in other countries in which we operate. notable areas of potential impacts include air emission compliance and remediation obligations in the united states and canada.
an example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations. a range of local, state, federal or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions. although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa), the u.s. department of the interior, and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas
61
resources. governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments. we have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change.
we also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations. such laws and regulations include cercla and rcra and their state equivalents. longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
we occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the epa and state environmental agencies alleging we are a potentially responsible party under cercla or an equivalent state statute. on occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties. these requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain wastes attributable to our past operations. as of december 31, 2017, there were 14 sites around the united states in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under cercla and comparable state laws.
for most superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible parties, is relatively low. although liability of those potentially responsible is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for state sites, other potentially responsible parties at sites where we are a party typically have had the financial strength to meet their obligations, and where they have not, or where potentially responsible parties could not be located, our share of liability has not increased materially. many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the state agencies concerned. prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation. in some instances, we may have no liability or attain a settlement of liability. actual cleanup costs generally occur after the parties obtain epa or equivalent state agency approval. there are relatively few sites where we are a major participant, and given the timing and amounts of anticipated expenditures, neither the cost of remediation at those sites nor such costs at all cercla sites, in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive or financial condition.
expensed environmental costs were $398 million in 2017 and are expected to be about $451 million per year in 2018 and 2019. capitalized environmental costs were $170 million in 2017 and are expected to be about $223 million per year in 2018 and 2019.
accrued liabilities for remediation activities are not reduced for potential recoveries from insurers or other third parties and are not discounted (except those assumed in a purchase business combination, which we do record on a discounted basis).
many of these liabilities result from cercla, rcra and similar state or international laws that require us to undertake certain investigative and remedial activities at sites where we conduct, or once conducted, operations or at sites where conocophillips-generated waste was disposed. the accrual also includes a number of sites we identified that may require environmental remediation, but which are not currently the subject of cercla, rcra or other agency enforcement activities. if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries. in the future, we may incur significant costs under both cercla and rcra.
remediation activities vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site, depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, evolving remediation technologies, diverse regulatory agencies and enforcement policies, and the presence or absence of potentially liable third parties. therefore, it is difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs.
62
at december 31, 2017, our balance sheet included total accrued environmental costs of $180 million, compared with $247 million at december 31, 2016, for remediation activities in the u.s. and canada. we expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred. however, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
climate change there has been a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on greenhouse gas (ghg) reduction. these proposed or promulgated laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. laws in this field continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. examples of legislation or precursors for possible regulation that do or could affect our operations include:
•   european emissions trading scheme (ets), the program through which many of the european union (eu) member states are implementing the kyoto protocol. our cost of compliance with the eu ets in 2017 was approximately
$1.5 million (net share before-tax).

•   the alberta specified gas emitter regulations require any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide or equivalent per year to reduce its net emissions intensity from its baseline. the reduction requirement increased from 15 percent in 2016 to 20 percent in 2017. the total cost of compliance with these regulations in 2017 was approximately $3 million.

•   the u.s. supreme court decision in massachusetts v. epa, 549 u.s. 497, 127 s.ct. 1438 (2007), confirming that the epa has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide as an “air pollutant” under the federal clean air act.

•                       the u.s. epa’s announcement on march 29, 2010 (published as “interpretation of regulations that determine pollutants covered by clean air act permitting programs,” 75 fed. reg. 17004 (april 2,
2010)), and the epa’s and u.s. department of transportation’s joint promulgation of a final rule on april 1, 2010, that triggers regulation of ghgs under the clean air act, may trigger more climate-based claims for damages, and may result in longer agency review time for development projects.

•   the u.s. epa’s announcement on january 14, 2015, outlining a series of steps it plans to take to address methane and smog-forming volatile organic compound emissions from the oil and gas industry. the former u.s. administration established a goal of reducing the 2012 levels in methane emissions from the oil and gas industry by 40 to 45 percent by 2025.

•   carbon taxes in certain jurisdictions. our cost of compliance with norwegian carbon tax legislation in 2017 was approximately $29 million (net share before-tax). we also incur a carbon tax for emissions from fossil fuel combustion in our british columbia and alberta operations totaling just over $1 million (net share before-tax).

•   the agreement reached in paris in december 2015 at the 21st conference of the parties to the united nations framework on climate change, setting out a new process for achieving global emission reductions.

in the united states, some additional form of regulation may be forthcoming in the future at the federal and state levels with respect to ghg emissions. such regulation could take any of several forms that may result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances. we are working to continuously improve operational and energy efficiency through resource and energy conservation throughout our operations.
63
compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create a ghg tax, emission trading scheme or ghg reduction policies could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation. such laws and regulations could also increase demand for less carbon intensive energy sources, including natural gas. the ultimate impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to:
•   whether and to what extent legislation or regulation is enacted.

•   the timing of the introduction of such legislation or regulation.

•   the nature of the legislation (such as a cap and trade system or a tax on emissions) or regulation.

•   the price placed on ghg emissions (either by the market or through a tax).

•   the ghg reductions required.

•   the price and availability of offsets.

•   the amount and allocation of allowances.

•   technological and scientific developments leading to new products or services.

•   any potential significant physical effects of climate change (such as increased severe weather events, changes in sea levels and changes in temperature).

•   whether, and the extent to which, increased compliance costs are ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services.

the company has responded by putting in place a corporate climate change action plan, together with individual business unit climate change management plans in order to undertake actions in four major areas:
•   equipping the company for a low emission world, for example by integrating ghg forecasting and reporting into company procedures; utilizing ghg pricing in planning economics; and developing systems to handle ghg market transactions.

•           reducing ghg emissions—in 2016, the company reduced or avoided ghg emissions by approximately 114,000 metric tonnes by carrying out a range of programs across our business units. in 2017, we set a long-term target to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions intensity between 5 percent and 15 percent by 2030 from a 2017 baseline. setting such a target demonstrates our continuing systematic approach to managing climate-related risks throughout the business.

•   evaluating business opportunities such as the creation of offsets and allowances, the use of low carbon energy and the development of low carbon technologies.

•   engaging externally—the company is a sponsor of mit’s joint program on the science and policy of global change; constructively engages in the development of climate change legislation and regulation; and discloses our progress and performance through the carbon disclosure project and the dow jones sustainability index.

the company uses an estimated market cost of ghg emissions of $40 per metric tonne to evaluate future projects and opportunities.
in 2017 and early 2018, cities and/or counties in california and new york have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts. conocophillips will be vigorously defending against these lawsuits.
other we have deferred tax assets related to certain accrued liabilities, loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards. valuation allowances have been established to reduce these deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized. based on our historical taxable income, our expectations for the future, and available tax-planning strategies, management expects the net deferred tax assets will be realized as offsets to reversing deferred tax liabilities.
64
new accounting standards in february 2016, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2016-02, “leases” (asu no. 2016-02), which establishes comprehensive accounting and financial reporting requirements for leasing arrangements. this asu supersedes the existing requirements in fasb accounting standards codification (asc) topic 840, “leases,” and requires lessees to recognize substantially all lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. the provisions of asu no. 2016-02 also modify the definition of a lease and outline requirements for recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of leasing arrangements by both lessees and lessors. the asu is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2018, and early adoption of the standard is permitted. entities are required to adopt the asu using a modified retrospective approach, subject to certain optional practical expedients, and apply the provisions of asu no. 2016-02 to leasing arrangements existing at or entered into after the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. in january 2018, asu no. 2016-02 was amended by the provisions of asu no. 2018-01, “land easement practical expedient for transition to topic 842.” we plan to adopt asu no. 2016-02, as amended, effective january 1, 2019, and continue to evaluate the asu to determine the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures, accounting policies and systems, business processes, and internal controls. we also continue to monitor proposals issued by the fasb to clarify the asu and certain industry implementation issues. while our evaluation of asu no. 2016-02 and related implementation activities are ongoing, we expect the adoption of the asu to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. for additional information, see note 24—new accounting standards, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. see note 1—accounting policies, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for descriptions of our major accounting policies. certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used. these critical accounting estimates are discussed with the audit and finance committee of the board of directors at least annually. we believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates, along with the discussions of contingencies and of deferred tax asset valuation allowances in this report, address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
oil and gas accounting accounting for oil and gas exploratory activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry. the acquisition of geological and geophysical seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs. however, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil and gas reserves have been discovered on the prospect.
property acquisition costs for individually significant leaseholds, management periodically assesses for impairment based on exploration and drilling efforts to date. for relatively small individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves and pools that leasehold information with others in the geographic area. for prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high. this judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in exploration expense.
65
this judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively. at year-end 2017, the book value of the pools of property acquisition costs, that individually are relatively small and thus subject to the above-described periodic leasehold impairment calculation, was $503 million and the accumulated impairment reserve was $130 million. the weighted-average judgmental percentage probability of ultimate failure was approximately 57 percent, and the weighted-average amortization period was approximately three years. if that judgmental percentage were to be raised by 5 percent across all calculations, before-tax leasehold impairment expense in 2018 would increase by approximately $6 million. at year-end 2017, the remaining $3,249 million of net capitalized unproved property costs consisted primarily of individually significant leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, suspended exploratory wells, and capitalized interest. of this amount, approximately $2.4 billion is concentrated in nine major development areas, the majority of which are not expected to move to proved properties in 2018. management periodically assesses individually significant leaseholds for impairment based on the results of exploration and drilling efforts and the outlook for commercialization.
exploratory costs for exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or “suspended,” on the balance sheet, pending a determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by the drilling effort to justify development.
if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made. the accounting notion of “sufficient progress” is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable. often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or co-venturer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control. exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits, and believe they will be obtained. once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves. for complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or co-venturer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting. once a determination is made the well did not encounter potentially economic oil and gas quantities, the well costs are expensed as a dry hole and reported in exploration expense.
management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as a dry hole when it determines the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term. criteria utilized in making this determination include evaluation of the reservoir characteristics and hydrocarbon properties, expected development costs, ability to apply existing technology to produce the reserves, fiscal terms, regulations or contract negotiations, and our expected return on investment.
at year-end 2017, total suspended well costs were $853 million, compared with $1,063 million at year-end 2016. for additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis, see note 7—suspended wells and other exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
proved reserves engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information. reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits. the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
66
despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of “proved” reserve estimates due to the importance of these estimates to better understand the perceived value and future cash flows of a company’s operations. there are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as “proved.” our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines. we have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates.
proved reserve estimates are adjusted annually in the fourth quarter and during the year if significant changes occur, and take into account recent production and subsurface information about each field. also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will be permanently shut down for economic reasons is based on 12-month average prices and current costs. this estimated date when production will end affects the amount of estimated reserves. therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes. generally, our proved reserves decrease as prices decline and increase as prices rise.
our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to production sharing contracts, reported under the “economic interest” method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices; recoverable operating expenses; and capital costs. if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices. we would expect reserves from these contracts to decrease when product prices rise and increase when prices decline.
the estimation of proved developed reserves also is important to the income statement because the proved developed reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the dd&a of the capitalized costs for that asset. at year-end 2017, the net book value of productive properties, plants and equipment (pp&e) subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $41 billion and the dd&a recorded on these assets in 2017 was approximately $6.4 billion. the estimated proved developed reserves for our consolidated operations were 3.7 billion boe at the end of 2016 and 3.0 billion boe at the end of 2017. if the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, before-tax dd&a in 2017 would have increased by an estimated $726 million.
impairments long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group and annually in the fourth quarter following updates to corporate planning assumptions. if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, the asset is monitored by management through an established process where changes to significant assumptions such as prices, volumes and future development plans are reviewed. if, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted before-tax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value. individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes based on a judgmental assessment of the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets—generally on a field-by-field basis for exploration and production assets. because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible. the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on judgmental assessments of future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available information at the date of review. differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment in any period. see note 8—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
67
investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are reviewed for impairment when there is evidence of a loss in value and annually following updates to corporate planning assumptions. such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment’s carrying amount. when it is determined such a loss in value is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment’s carrying value and its estimated fair value. when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee’s financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment. since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate. differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment of an investment in any period. see the “aplng” section of note 5—investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
asset retirement obligations and environmental costs under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites. our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska. the fair values of obligations for dismantling and removing these facilities are recorded as a liability and an increase to pp&e at the time of installation of the asset based on estimated discounted costs. estimating future asset removal costs is difficult. most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs. asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, are also subject to change.
normally, changes in asset removal obligations are reflected in the income statement as increases or decreases to dd&a over the remaining life of the assets. however, for assets at or nearing the end of their operations, as well as previously sold assets for which we retained the asset removal obligation, an increase in the asset removal obligation can result in an immediate charge to earnings, because any increase in pp&e due to the increased obligation would immediately be subject to impairment, due to the low fair value of these properties.
in addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects. these are primarily related to remediation activities required by canada and various states within the united states at exploration and production sites. future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties. see note 9—asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
projected benefit obligations determination of the projected benefit obligations for our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are important to the recorded amounts for such obligations on the balance sheet and to the amount of benefit expense in the income statement. the actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates, and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees. due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected
68
benefit obligations and company contribution requirements. for employee retirement income security act-governed pension plans, the actuary exercises fiduciary care on behalf of plan participants in the determination of the judgmental assumptions used in determining required company contributions into the plans. due to differing objectives and requirements between financial accounting rules and the pension plan funding regulations promulgated by governmental agencies, the actuarial methods and assumptions for the two purposes differ in certain important respects. ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic financial statements and funding patterns over time. projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption. a 1 percent decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by $1,200 million. benefit expense is particularly sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions. a 1 percent decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $110 million, while a 1 percent decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $60 million. in determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans. we are also exposed to the possibility that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains. these benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict. in the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or elimination for a significant number of employees the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss. see note 17—employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
contingencies a number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business. management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages, and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts, and other legal disputes. as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure. however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration, or other third-party decisions; settlement discussions; evaluation of scope of damages; interpretation of regulatory or contractual terms; expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties. estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes. for additional information on contingent liabilities, see the “contingencies” section within “capital resources and liquidity.”
69
cautionary statement for the purposes of the “safe harbor” provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. all statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning future dividends. you can often identify our forward-looking statements by the words “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “expect,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “effort,” “target” and similar expressions.
we based the forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and projections about ourselves and the industries in which we operate in general. we caution you these statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve assumptions that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect, and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. any differences could result from a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following:
•   fluctuations in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels.

•   the impact of significant declines in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids, which may result in recognition of impairment costs on our long-lived assets, leaseholds and nonconsolidated equity investments.

•   potential failures or delays in achieving expected reserve or production levels from existing and future oil and gas developments, including due to operating hazards, drilling risks and the inherent uncertainties in predicting reserves and reservoir performance.

•   reductions in reserves replacement rates, whether as a result of the significant declines in commodity prices or otherwise.

•   unsuccessful exploratory drilling activities or the inability to obtain access to exploratory acreage.

•   unexpected changes in costs or technical requirements for constructing, modifying or operating exploration and production facilities.

•   legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing environmental concerns, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water disposal.

•   lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids.

•   inability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for construction, drilling and/or development; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; or inability to make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with any necessary permits or applicable laws or regulations.

•   failure to complete definitive agreements and feasibility studies for, and to complete construction of, announced and future exploration and production and lng development in a timely manner (if at all) or on budget.

•   potential disruption or interruption of our operations due to accidents, extraordinary weather events, civil unrest, political events, war, terrorism, cyber attacks, and information technology failures, constraints or disruptions.

•   changes in international monetary conditions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

70
•   reduced demand for our products or the use of competing energy products, including alternative energy sources.

•   substantial investment in and development of alternative energy sources, including as a result of existing or future environmental rules and regulations.

•   liability for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations, under environmental regulations.

•   liability resulting from litigation.

•   general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities; expropriation of assets; changes in governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids pricing, regulation or taxation; and other political, economic or diplomatic developments.

•   volatility in the commodity futures markets.

•   changes in tax and other laws, regulations (including alternative energy mandates), or royalty rules applicable to our business, including changes resulting from the implementation and interpretation of the tax cuts and jobs act.

•   competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry.

•   any limitations on our access to capital or increase in our cost of capital related to illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international financial markets.

•   our inability to execute, or delays in the completion, of any asset dispositions we elect to pursue.

•   potential failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, any necessary regulatory approvals for asset dispositions or that such approvals may require modification to the terms of the transactions or the operation of our remaining business.

•   potential disruption of our operations as a result of asset dispositions, including the diversion of management time and attention.

•   our inability to deploy the net proceeds from any asset dispositions we undertake in the manner and timeframe we currently anticipate, if at all.

•   our inability to liquidate the common stock issued to us by cenovus energy as part of our sale of certain assets in western canada at prices we deem acceptable, or at all.

•   our inability to obtain economical financing for development, construction or modification of facilities and general corporate purposes.

•   the operation and financing of our joint ventures.

•   the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us.

•   our inability to realize anticipated cost savings and expenditure reductions.

•   the factors generally described in item 1a—risk factors in our 2017 annual report on form 10-k and any additional risks described in our other filings with the sec.

71
