item 1a.   risk factors cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements we have made forward-looking statements in this report and make forward-looking statements in our press releases and conference calls that are subject to risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements include information that is not purely historic fact and include, without limitation, statements concerning our financial outlook for 2018 and beyond, our possible or assumed future results of operations generally, and other statements and information regarding assumptions about our revenues, , revenue growth rates, gross margin percentage, net income, net income per share, fully diluted net income per share, ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") net income, non-gaap net income per share, weighted-average outstanding shares, taxable income (loss), cash flow from operating activities, available cash, operating costs, amortization expense, intangible asset recovery, capital and other expenditures, legal proceedings and claims, legal costs, effective tax rate, equity compensation charges, future taxable income, pending acquisitions, the anticipated benefits of completed or proposed acquisitions, the anticipated timing of acquisition closings, the anticipated benefits of cross-selling efforts, product development and release, planned product enhancements, sales and marketing campaigns, product integrations, elimination and de-emphasizing of services, contract renewal rate, the timing of future payments of principal under our $750 million credit facility available to us under the amended and restated credit agreement dated october 19, 2017 (the "2017 credit agreement"), expectations regarding our compliance with financial and restrictive covenants in the 2017 credit agreement, financing plans, geographic expansion, capital structure, contractual obligations, our database, database growth, services and facilities, employee relations, future economic performance, our ability to liquidate or realize our long-term investments, management's plans, goals and objectives for future operations, and growth and markets for our stock. sections of this report which contain forward-looking statements include "business," "risk factors," "properties," "legal proceedings," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," "controls and procedures" and the financial statements and related notes.
our forward-looking statements are also identified by words such as "hope," "anticipate," "may," "believe," "expect," "intend," "will," "should," "plan," "estimate," "predict," "continue" and "potential" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. you should understand that these forward-looking statements are estimates reflecting our judgment, beliefs and expectations, not guarantees of future performance. they are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. the following important factors, in addition to those discussed or referred to under the heading "risk factors," and other unforeseen events or circumstances, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: commercial real estate market conditions; general economic conditions, both domestic and international; our ability to identify, acquire and integrate acquisition candidates; our ability to realize the expected benefits, cost savings or other synergies from acquisitions, including forrent, on a timely basis or at all; our ability to combine acquired businesses successfully or in a timely and cost-efficient manner; business disruption relating to integration of acquired businesses or other business initiatives; the businesses of costar, apartments.com and forrent may not be combined successfully or in a timely and cost-efficient manner; business disruption relating to the forrent acquisition may be greater than expected; our ability to transition acquired service platforms to our model in a timely manner or at all; changes and developments in business plans; theft of any personally identifiable information we maintain or process; any actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy or data protection laws, regulations or standards; the amount of investment for sales and marketing and our ability to realize a return on investments in sales and marketing; our ability to effectively and strategically combine, eliminate or de-emphasize service offerings; reductions in revenues as a result of service changes; the time and resources required to develop upgraded or new services and to expand service offerings; changes or consolidations within the commercial real estate industry; customer retention; our ability to attract new clients; our ability to sell additional services to existing clients; our ability to integrate our north america and international product offerings; our ability to successfully transition loopnet to a pure marketing site, where all listings are paid and searches are free, in a timely manner and minimize the impact of that transition on revenue; our ability to successfully introduce and cross-sell new products or upgraded services in u.s. and foreign markets; our ability to attract consumers to our online marketplaces; our ability to increase traffic on our network of sites; the success of our marketing campaigns in generating brand awareness and site traffic; competition; foreign currency fluctuations; global credit market conditions affecting investments; our ability to continue to expand successfully, timely and in a cost-efficient manner, including internationally; our ability to effectively penetrate and gain acceptance in new sectors and geographies; our ability to control costs; our ability to establish our research operations headquarters in richmond, virginia as a technology innovation hub; litigation litigation or government investigations in which we become involved; changes in accounting policies or practices; release of new and upgraded services or entry into new markets by us or our competitors; data quality; expansion, growth, development or reorganization of our sales force; employee retention; technical problems with our services; managerial execution; changes in relationships with real estate brokers, property managers and other strategic partners; legal and regulatory issues; and successful adoption of and training on our services.
21
accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of, and are based on information available to us on, the date of this report. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. we do not undertake any obligation to update any such statements or release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect new information or events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
risk factors our revenues and financial position will be adversely affected if we are not able to attract and retain clients. our success and revenues depend on attracting and retaining subscribers to our information, analytics and online marketplaces. our subscription-based information, analytics and online marketplaces generate the largest portion of our revenues. however, we may be unable to attract new clients, and our existing clients may decide not to add, not to renew or to cancel subscription services. in addition, in order to increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new customers, continue to keep our cancellation rate low and continue to sell new services to our existing customers. we may not be able to continue to grow our customer base, keep the cancellation rate for customers and services low or sell new services to existing customers as a result of several factors, including without limitation: economic pressures; the business failure of a current client or clients; a decision that customers have no need for our services; a decision to use alternative services; customers' and potential customers' pricing and budgetary constraints; consolidation in the real estate and/or financial services industries; data quality; technical problems; or competitive pressures. we compete against many other commercial real estate information, analytics, and marketing service providers for business, including competitors that offer their services through rapidly changing methods of delivering real estate information. if clients cancel services or decide not to renew their subscription agreements, and we do not sell new services to our existing clients or attract new clients, then our renewal rate and revenues may decline.
we may not be able to successfully introduce new or upgraded information, analytics and online marketplace services or combine or shift focus from services with less demand, which could decrease our revenues and our profitability. our future business and financial success will depend on our ability to continue to anticipate the needs of customers and potential customers, and to introduce new and upgraded services into the marketplace. to be successful, we must adapt to changes in the industry, as well as rapid technological changes by continually enhancing our information, analytics and online marketplace services. developing new services and upgrades to services, as well as integrating and coordinating current services, imposes heavy burdens on our systems department, management and researchers. the processes are costly, and our efforts to develop, integrate and enhance our services may not be successful. as we continue to combine our operations with those that we have acquired, we must continue to assess the purposes for which various services may be used alone or together, and how we can best address those uses through stand-alone services or combinations of coordinating applications thereof. in addition, successfully launching and selling a new or upgraded service puts pressure on our sales and marketing resources. in 2015, we launched the current apartments.com and the apartmentfinder.com websites, both after completing extensive product development. to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com, we utilize a multi-channel marketing campaign. the launch of the sites and/or the marketing campaign may not continue to increase brand awareness, site traffic and/or revenues. if we are unsuccessful in obtaining greater market share, we may not be able to offset the expenses associated with the launch and marketing campaign, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
if we are unable to develop new or upgraded services or decide to combine, shift focus from, or phase out a service that overlaps or is redundant with other services we offer, then our customers may choose a competitive service over ours and our revenues may decline and our profitability may be reduced. for example, we continue to assess the impact of transitioning the loopnet marketplace to a pure marketing site for commercial real estate where all listings are paid and users can search the site for free. we expect to see a short-term reduction in revenues and earnings, as well as reduced search engine optimization. we are working to convert customers to higher value, more profitable annual subscription information services, which should increase revenues and earnings over time, however we cannot predict with certainty whether we will be successful in shifting customers to higher value, more profitable subscriptions and, consequently, in offsetting any reduction in revenues and earnings. therefore, our revenues and earnings may ultimately decline as a result of the loopnet conversion to a pure marketing site. in addition, if we incur significant costs in developing new or upgraded services or combining and coordinating existing services, if we are not successful in marketing and selling these new services or upgrades, or if our customers fail to accept these new or combined and coordinating services, then there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations due to a decrease of our revenues and a reduction of our profitability.
22
a downturn or consolidation in the commercial real estate industry may decrease customer demand for our services. the commercial real estate market may be adversely impacted by many different factors, including lower than expected job growth or job losses resulting in reduced real estate demand; rising interest rates and slowing transaction volumes that negatively impact investment returns; excessive speculative new construction in localized markets resulting in increased vacancy rates and diminished rent growth; and unanticipated disasters and other adverse events such as slowing of the growth in the working age population resulting in reduced demand for all types of real estate. a reversal of improvements in the commercial real estate industry's leasing activity and absorption rates or a renewed downturn in the commercial real estate market may affect our ability to generate revenues and may lead to more cancellations by our current or future customers, either of which could cause our revenues or our revenue growth rate to decline and reduce our profitability. a depressed commercial real estate market has a negative impact on our core customer base, which could decrease demand for our information, analytics and online marketplaces. also, companies in this industry may consolidate, often in order to reduce expenses. consolidation, or other cost-cutting measures by our customers, may lead to cancellations of our information, analytics and online marketplace services by our customers, reduce the number of our existing clients, reduce the size of our target market or increase our clients' bargaining power, all of which could cause our revenues to decline and reduce our profitability. if cancellations, reductions of services, and failures to pay increase, and we are unable to offset the resulting decrease in revenues by increasing sales to new or existing customers, our revenues may decline or grow at lower rates.
negative general economic conditions could increase our expenses and reduce our revenues. our business and the commercial real estate industry are particularly affected by negative trends in the general economy. the success of our business depends on a number of factors relating to general global, national, regional and local economic conditions, including perceived and actual economic conditions, recessions, inflation, deflation, exchange rates, interest rates, taxation policies, availability of credit, employment levels, and wage and salary levels. negative general economic conditions could adversely affect our business by reducing our revenues and profitability. if we experience greater cancellations or reductions of services and failures to timely pay, and we do not acquire new clients or sell new services to our existing clients, our revenues may decline and our financial position would be adversely affected.  adverse national and global economic events, as well as any significant terrorist attack, are likely to have a dampening effect on the economy in general, which could negatively affect our financial performance and our stock price. further actions or inactions of the u.s. or other major national governments may also impact economic conditions, which could result in financial market disruptions or an economic downtown. market disruptions may also contribute to extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock market that may affect our stock price for reasons unrelated to our operating performance. in addition, a significant increase in inflation could increase our expenses more rapidly than expected, the effect of which may not be offset by corresponding increases in revenue. conversely, deflation resulting in a decline of prices could reduce our revenues. in the current economic environment, it is difficult to predict whether we will experience significant inflation or deflation in the near future. a significant increase in either could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
if we are unable to hire qualified persons for, or retain and continue to develop, our sales force, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenues could be adversely affected. in order to support revenues and future revenue growth, we need to continue to develop, train and retain our sales force. our ability to build and develop a strong sales force may be affected by a number of factors, including: our ability to attract, integrate and motivate sales personnel; our ability to effectively train our sales force; the ability of our sales force to sell an increased number and different types of services; our ability to manage effectively an outbound telesales group; the length of time it takes new sales personnel to become productive; the competition we face from other companies in hiring and retaining sales personnel; our ability to effectively structure our sales force; and our ability to effectively manage a multi-location sales organization, including field sales personnel. if we are unable to hire qualified sales personnel and develop and retain the members of our sales force, including sales force management, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenues or growth rate could decline and our expenses could increase.
we may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors in attracting advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. we compete to attract advertisers. our competition for advertisers may have significant brand recognition as well as greater numbers of direct sales personnel than we have and may generate more web traffic than we do, which may provide a competitive advantage. to compete successfully for advertisers against future and existing competitors, we must continue to invest resources in developing our advertising platform and proving the effectiveness and relevance of our advertising services. pressure from competitors seeking to acquire a greater share of our advertisers' overall marketing budget could adversely affect our pricing and margins, lower our revenue, and increase our research and development and marketing expenses. if we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or future competitors, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
23
we may be unable to increase awareness of our brands, including costar, loopnet, apartments.com, bizbuysell and landsofamerica, which could adversely affect our business. we rely heavily on our brands, which we believe are key assets of our company. awareness and differentiation of our brands are important for attracting and expanding the number of users of, and subscribers to, our online marketplaces, such as loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, costar showcase, and the land.com network of rural lands for sale. we expect to continue to invest in sales and marketing, including sales and marketing for our other brands as we seek to grow the numbers of subscribers to, and advertisers on, our marketplaces. our methods of advertising may not be successful in increasing brand awareness or, ultimately, be cost-effective. if we are unable to maintain or enhance user and advertiser awareness of our brands, or if we are unable to recover our marketing and advertising costs through increased usage of our services and increased advertising on the apartments.com network of rental websites, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we rely on internet search engines to drive traffic to our websites. if search results do not feature our websites prominently, traffic to our websites would decrease and our business could be adversely affected. google, bing, yahoo! and other internet search websites drive traffic to our websites, including costar.com, the apartments.com network of rental websites, loopnet.com, bizbuysell.com and landsofamerica.com. for example, when a user types an apartment building address into an internet search engine, organic search ranking of our apartments.com webpages will determine how prominently such webpages are displayed in the search results. however, our ability to maintain high organic search result rankings is not entirely within our control. our competitors' search engine optimization, or seo, efforts may result in their websites receiving a higher search result page ranking than the rankings our websites receive, or internet search engines could revise their methodologies in a way that would adversely affect our search result rankings, each of which could slow the growth of our user base. further, search engine providers could align with our competitors, which could adversely affect traffic to our websites. our websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations in the future. if we experience a material reduction in the number of users directed to our websites through internet search engines, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. our ability to generate revenues from our marketplace businesses depends, in part, on our ability to attract users to our websites. if we fail to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our ability to acquire additional subscribers or advertisers and deliver leads to existing subscribers and advertisers could be adversely affected. our marketing expenses may increase in connection with our efforts to maintain or increase traffic to our websites. our efforts to maintain or generate additional traffic to our marketplaces may not be successful. even if we are able to attract additional users, increases in our operating expenses could negatively impact our operating results if we are unable to generate more revenues through increased sales of subscriptions to our marketplace products. we face competition to attract users to our marketplace websites. our existing and potential competitors include companies that could devote greater technical and other resources than we have available to provide services that users might view as superior to our offerings. any of our future or existing competitors may introduce different solutions that attract users away from our services or provide solutions similar to our own that have the advantage of better branding or marketing resources. if we are unable to increase traffic to our marketplaces, or if we are unable to generate enough additional revenues to offset increases in expenses related to increasing traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
if real estate professionals or other advertisers reduce or cancel their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our operating results would be harmed. our marketplace businesses, including loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, costar showcase, and the land.com network of rural lands for sale, depend on advertising revenues generated primarily through sales to persons in the real estate industry, including property managers and owners, and other advertisers. our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately to generate advertising revenue, depends on a number of factors, including:
•   increasing the number of unique visitors to, and users of, our websites and mobile applications;
•   the quantity and quality of the leads that we provide to our advertisers;
•   the success of any marketing and product development efforts directed at attracting additional users and advertisers to our marketplaces;
•   keeping pace with changes in technology and with our competitors; and
•   offering an attractive return on investment to our advertisers for their advertising dollars spent with us.
further, with respect to the apartments.com network of rental websites, our ability to attract and retain advertisers also depends on the current apartment rental market and apartment vacancy rates. if vacancy rates are too high or too low, advertisers may not need to utilize our marketplace services.
24
many of the advertisers who advertise on our marketplaces do not have long-term contracts. these advertisers could choose to modify or discontinue their relationships with us with little or no advance notice. in addition, as existing subscriptions for advertising expire, we may not be successful in renewing these subscriptions or securing new subscriptions. we may not succeed in retaining existing advertisers' spending or capturing a greater share of such spending if we are unable to convince advertisers of the effectiveness of our services as compared to alternatives. in addition, future changes to our pricing methodology for advertising services may cause advertisers to reduce or discontinue their advertising with us. if current advertisers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our advertising revenues and business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we do not invest in product development and provide services that are attractive to our users and to our advertisers, our business could be adversely affected.  our success depends on our continued improvements to provide services that make our marketplaces useful for users, and attractive to our advertisers. as a result, we must continually invest resources in research and development to improve the appeal and comprehensiveness of our services and effectively incorporate new technologies. if we are unable to provide services that users want to use, then users may become dissatisfied and use competitors' websites. if we are unable to continue offering innovative services, we may be unable to attract additional users and advertisers or retain our current users and advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are not able to successfully identify, finance and/or integrate acquisitions, our business operations and financial position could be adversely affected. we have expanded our markets and services in part through acquisitions of complementary businesses, services, databases and technologies, and expect to continue to do so in the future. our strategy to acquire complementary companies or assets depends on our ability to identify, and the availability of, suitable acquisition candidates. we may incur costs in the preliminary stages of an acquisition, but may ultimately be unable or unwilling to consummate the proposed transaction for various reasons. in addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the ability to realize or capitalize on synergies created through combinations; managing the integration of personnel and products or services; managing the integration of acquired infrastructure and controls; potential increases in operating costs; managing geographically remote operations; the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and potential disruptions in ongoing operations during integration; the inherent risks in entering markets and sectors in which we have either limited or no direct experience; and the potential loss of key employees, clients or vendors and other business partners of the acquired companies. we may not successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets and may not achieve anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including expected synergies. external factors, such as compliance with laws and regulations, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful integration of an acquired business. an acquired business could strain our system of internal controls and diminish its effectiveness. acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, one-time write-offs of goodwill and substantial amortization expenses of other intangible assets. we may be unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, if necessary to finance future acquisitions making it impossible or more costly to acquire complementary businesses. if we are able to obtain financing, the terms may be onerous and restrict our operations. further, certain acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approval, which can be time consuming and costly to obtain or may be denied, and if obtained, the terms of such regulatory approvals may impose limitations on our ongoing operations or require us to divest assets or lines of business.
market volatility may have an adverse effect on our stock price. the trading price of our common stock has fluctuated widely in the past, and we expect that it will continue to fluctuate in the future. the price could fluctuate widely based on numerous factors, including: economic factors or conditions; quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results; changes in analysts' estimates of our earnings; announcements by us or our competitors of technological innovations, new services, or other significant or strategic information; general conditions in the commercial real estate industry; general conditions of local, national or global economies; developments or disputes concerning copyrights or proprietary rights or other legal proceedings; and regulatory developments. in addition, the stock market in general, and the shares of internet-related and other technology companies in particular, have historically experienced extreme price fluctuations. this volatility has had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies and may have the same effect on the market price of our common stock.
if we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive or reliable data, we could experience reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services. our success depends on our clients' confidence in the comprehensiveness, accuracy and reliability of the data and analysis we provide. the task of establishing and maintaining accurate and reliable data and analysis is challenging. if our data, including the data we obtain from third parties or directly from brokers through the listing manager feature on costar, or analysis is not current, accurate, comprehensive or reliable, we could experience reduced demand for our services or legal claims by our customers, which could result in lower revenues and higher expenses.
25
competition could render our services uncompetitive. the markets for information systems and services and for online marketplaces in general is highly competitive and rapidly changing. competition in these markets may increase further if economic conditions or other circumstances cause customer bases and customer spending to decrease and service providers to compete for fewer customer resources. our existing competitors, or future competitors, may have greater name recognition, larger customer bases, better technology or data, lower prices, easier access to data, greater user traffic or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we have. our competitors may be able to undertake more effective marketing campaigns, obtain more data, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, make more attractive offers to potential employees, subscribers, advertisers, distribution partners and content providers or may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in user requirements. if we are unable to retain customers or obtain new customers, our revenues could decline. increased competition could result in lower revenues and higher expenses, which would reduce our profitability.
our focus on internal and external investments may place downward pressure on our operating margins. over the past few years, we have increased the rate of investments in our business, including internal investments in product development to expand the breadth and depth of services we provide to our customers and investments in sales and marketing to generate brand awareness. our investment strategy is intended to increase our revenue growth in the future. our operating margins may experience downward pressure in the short term as a result of investments. furthermore, our investments may not have their intended effect. in addition, our external investments may lose value and we may incur impairment charges with respect to such investments. such impairment charges may negatively impact our profitability. if we are unable to successfully execute our investment strategy or if we fail to adequately anticipate and address potential problems, we may experience decreases in our revenues and operating margins.
if we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of intellectual property, our business, brands, competitive position and operating results could be harmed. the success of our business depends in large part on our intellectual property, including intellectual property involved in our methodologies, database, services and software. we rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, patent, copyright and other laws, nondisclosure and noncompetition provisions, license agreements and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. however, current law may not provide for adequate protection of our databases and the actual data. in addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of proprietary rights in internet-related businesses are uncertain and evolving, and changes in these standards may adversely impact the viability or value of our proprietary rights. if we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property, including our content, our brands and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. the same would be true if a court found that our services infringe other persons' intellectual property rights. any intellectual property lawsuits or threatened lawsuits in which we are involved, either as a plaintiff or as a defendant, could cost us a significant amount of time and money and distract management's attention from operating our business. in addition, if we do not prevail on an intellectual property claim, this could result in a change to our methodology or information, analytics and online marketplace services and could reduce our profitability.
effective trademark, trade secret, patent, and copyright protection may not be available in every country in which our services may be provided. the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states and, therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could harm our competitive position.
we seek to enforce our rights against people and entities that infringe our intellectual property, including through legal action. taking such action may be costly, and we cannot ensure that such actions will be successful. any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive for us to do business and harm our results of operations or financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully halt the operation of websites that aggregate our data, as well as data from other companies, such as copycat websites that may misappropriate our data. third parties may misappropriate our data through website scraping, robots or other means and aggregate this data on their websites with data from other companies. in addition, "copycat" websites may misappropriate data on our website and attempt to imitate our brands or the functionality of our website. we may not be able to detect all such websites in a timely manner and, even if we could, technological and legal measures may be insufficient to stop their operations. in some cases, particularly in the case of websites operating outside of the u.s., our available remedies may not be adequate to protect us against the misappropriation of our data. regardless of whether we can successfully enforce our rights against the operators of these websites, any measures that we may take could require us to expend significant financial or other resources.
26
third party claims, litigation or government investigations to which we are subject or in which we become involved may significantly increase our expenses and adversely affect our stock price. currently and from time to time, we are a party to various third party claims, lawsuits, or government investigations. any lawsuits, threatened lawsuits or government investigations in which we are involved, whether as plaintiff or defendant, could cost us a significant amount of time and money, could distract management's attention away from operating our business, could result in negative publicity and could adversely affect our stock price. in addition, if any claims are determined against us or if a settlement requires us to pay a large monetary amount or take other action that materially restricts or impedes our operations, our profitability could be significantly reduced and our financial position could be adversely affected. our insurance may not be sufficient to cover any losses we incur in connection with litigation claims.
we may be subject to legal liability for collecting, displaying or distributing information. because the content in our database is collected from various sources and distributed to others, we may be subject to claims for breach of contract, defamation, negligence, unfair competition or copyright or trademark infringement or claims based on other theories. we could also be subject to claims based upon the content that is accessible from our website through links to other websites or information on our website supplied by third parties. we could also be subject to claims that the collection or provision of certain information breached laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection. even if these claims do not result in liability to us, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending against any claims and we could be subject to public notice requirements that may affect our reputation in the marketplace. our potential liability for information distributed by us to others could require us to implement measures to reduce our exposure to such liability, which may require us to expend substantial resources and limit the attractiveness of our information, analytics and online marketplaces to users.
our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy laws and standards could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are dependent on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate between our locations around the world and with our clients. we collect, use and disclose personally identifiable information, including among other things names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses. we collect, store and use biometric data, sensitive or confidential transaction information and, in certain circumstances, credit card information. in addition, we collect personal information from tenants and landlords, including social security numbers, dates of birth, financial information, tax returns, employment information, background checks and credit scores, which is used in the apartment rental application process and for the verification of landlords. as a result, we are subject to a variety of state, national, and international laws and regulations that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data, including the fair credit reporting act. laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection are evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations. for example, in 2016, the eu formally adopted the general data protection regulation, or gdpr, which will apply in all eu member states effective may 25, 2018 and will replace the current eu data protection directive effective on that date. the gdpr introduces new data protection requirements in the eu and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules. the gdpr will increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the new eu data protection rules. any failure to comply with the rules arising from the eu data protection directive, the gdpr, and related national laws of eu member states, could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. compliance with any of the foregoing laws and regulations can be costly and can delay or impede the development of new products. a violation of any laws or regulations relating to the collection or use of personal information could result in the imposition of fines against us.
we have undertaken efforts to conform transfers of personal data from the eea based on current regulatory obligations, the guidance of data protection authorities and evolving best practices. we continue to review our business practices and the evolving regulations and may find it necessary or desirable to make further changes to our personal data handling or engage in additional efforts to cause our transfer and receipt of eea residents' personal data to be legitimized under applicable law. as a result of the adoption of gdpr, we may find it necessary to establish systems to maintain eu-origin data in the european economic area, or eea, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business. despite our efforts, we may be unsuccessful in establishing legitimate means of transferring certain data from the eea, which may vary the current data protection landscape.
our actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable privacy or data security laws, regulations and policies, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, which could result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, subject us to claims or other remedies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
because the interpretation and application of many privacy and data protection laws are uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features
27
of our products. if so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims and penalties, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products, which could harm our business.
28
we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the united states and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. our policies concerning the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information are described on our websites. while we believe that our policies are appropriate and that we are in compliance with our policies, we could be subject to legal claims, government action, harm to our reputation or experience significant remediation costs if we experience a security breach or our practices fail, or are seen as failing, to comply with our policies or with applicable laws concerning personally identifiable information.
concern of prospective customers regarding our use of the personal information collected on our websites or collected when performing our services could keep prospective customers from subscribing to our services. industry-wide incidents or incidents with respect to our websites, including misappropriation of third-party information, security breaches or changes in industry standards, regulations or laws, could deter people from using the internet or our websites to conduct transactions that involve the transmission of confidential information, which could harm our business.
we are subject to a number of risks related to acceptance of credit cards and debit cards for customer payments. we accept payments for our services through credit and debit card transactions. for credit and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. an increase in those fees may require us to increase the prices we charge and would increase our cost of revenues, either of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we depend on processing vendors to complete credit and debit card transactions. if we or our processing vendors fail to maintain adequate systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions, it could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. we could lose customers if we are not able to continue to use payment products of the major credit card companies. in addition, if the systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions fail to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our customers' credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, revenue, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.
we are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted in ways that make it more difficult for us to comply. we are required to comply with payment card industry security standards. failing to comply with those standards may violate payment card association operating rules, federal and state laws and regulations, and the terms of our contracts with payment processors. any failure to comply also may subject us to fines, penalties, damages and civil liability, and may result in the loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments. further, there is no guarantee that such compliance will prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems or the theft, loss, or misuse of data pertaining to credit and debit cards, cardholders and transactions. if we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures and significantly higher credit card-related costs, each of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate or refund rates at acceptable levels, our processing vendors may increase our transaction fees or terminate their relationships with us. any increases in our credit and debit card fees could harm our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our rates for our services to offset the increase. the termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
our business depends on retaining and attracting highly capable management and operating personnel. our success depends in large part on our ability to retain and attract management and operating personnel, including our president and chief executive officer, andrew florance, and our other officers and key employees. our business requires highly skilled technical, sales, management, web product and development, marketing and research personnel, who are in high demand and are often subject to competing offers. to retain and attract key personnel, we use various measures, including employment agreements, awards under a stock incentive plan and incentive bonuses for key employees. these measures may not be enough to retain and attract the personnel we need or to offset the impact on our business of the loss of the services of mr. florance or other key officers or employees.
29
an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth. goodwill and identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested annually by each reporting unit on october 1 of each year for impairment and are tested for impairment more frequently based upon the existence of one or more indicators. we assess the impairment of long-lived assets, identifiable intangibles and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. judgments made by management relate to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows of the carrying amounts of such assets. the accuracy of these judgments may be adversely affected by several factors, including the factors listed below:
•   significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
•   significant changes in the manner of our use of acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;
•   significant negative industry or economic trends; or
•   significant decline in our market capitalization relative to net book value for a sustained period.
these types of events or indicators and the resulting impairment analysis could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future, which would reduce our profitability. impairment charges could negatively affect our financial results in the periods of such charges, which may reduce our profitability. as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $1.3 billion of goodwill, including $1 billion in our north america operating segment and $30 million in our international operating segment.
if we are unable to obtain or retain listings from commercial real estate brokers, agents, property owners and apartment property managers, our commercial real estate ("cre") marketplace services, including but not limited to loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, costar showcase, landandfarm.com and landsofamerica.com, could be less attractive to current or potential customers, which could reduce our revenues. the value of our cre marketplace services to our customers depends on our ability to increase the number of property listings provided and searches conducted. the success of our cre marketplace services depends substantially on the number of property listings submitted by brokers, agents, property owners and, in the case of apartment rentals, property managers. this is because an increase in the number of listings increases the utility of the online service and of its associated search, listing and marketing services. if agents marketing large numbers of property listings, such as large brokers in key real estate markets, choose not to continue their listings with us, or choose to list them with a competitor, our cre marketplace services could be less attractive to other real estate industry transaction participants, resulting in reduced revenue. similarly, the value and utility of our other marketplaces, including bizbuysell and bizquest, are also dependent on attracting and retaining listings.
if we are unable to convince commercial real estate professionals that our cre marketplace services are superior to traditional methods of listing, searching and marketing commercial real estate, they could choose not to use those services, which could reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. the primary source of new customers for our cre marketplace services is participants in the commercial real estate community. many commercial real estate professionals are used to listing, searching and marketing real estate in traditional and off-line ways, such as by distributing print brochures, sharing written lists, placing signs on properties, word-of-mouth and newspaper advertisements. commercial real estate and investment professionals may prefer to continue to use traditional methods or may be slow to adopt and accept our online products and services. if we are not able to persuade commercial real estate participants of the efficacy of our online products and services, they may choose not to use our cre marketplace services, which could negatively impact our business. similarly, if we are unable to convince the business and investment community to utilize our online business for sale marketplaces rather than traditional methods of listing and marketing businesses for sale, our revenues could be negatively affected.
30
if we are unable to increase our revenues or our operating costs are higher than expected, our profitability may decline and our operating results may fluctuate significantly. we may not be able to accurately forecast our revenues or future revenue growth rate. many of our expenses, particularly personnel costs and occupancy costs, are relatively fixed. as a result, we may not be able to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected increase in expenses or revenue shortfall. we may experience higher than expected operating costs, including increased personnel costs, occupancy costs, selling and marketing costs, investments in geographic expansion, acquisition costs, communications costs, travel costs, software development costs, professional fees and other costs. if operating costs exceed our expectations and cannot be adjusted accordingly, our profitability may be reduced and our results of operations and financial position will be adversely affected. additionally, we may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rates, and our percentage revenue growth rates may decline. our ability to increase our revenues and operating profit will depend on increased demand for our services. our sales are affected by, among other things, general economic and commercial real estate conditions. reduced demand, whether due to changes in customer preference, a weakening of the u.s. or global economy, competition or other reasons, may result in decreased revenues and growth, adversely affecting our operating results.
our current or future geographic expansion plans may not result in increased revenues, which may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial position. expanding into new markets and investing resources towards increasing the depth of our coverage within existing markets imposes additional burdens on our research, systems development, sales, marketing and general managerial resources. if we are unable to manage our expansion efforts effectively, if our expansion efforts take longer than planned or if our costs for these efforts exceed our expectations, our financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if we incur significant costs to improve data quality within existing markets, or are not successful in marketing and selling our services in these markets or in new markets, our expansion may have a material adverse effect on our financial position by increasing our expenses without increasing our revenues, adversely affecting our profitability.
international operations expose us to additional business risks, which may reduce our profitability. our international operations and expansion subject us to additional business risks, including: currency exchange rate fluctuations; adapting to the differing business practices and laws in foreign countries; including differing laws regarding privacy and data protection; difficulties in managing foreign operations; limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; costs of enforcing contractual obligations; impact of recessions in economies outside the u.s.; and potentially adverse tax consequences. in addition, international expansion imposes additional burdens on our executive and administrative personnel, systems development, research and sales departments, and general managerial resources. if we are not able to manage our international operations successfully, we may incur higher expenses and our profitability may be reduced. finally, the investment required for additional international expansion could exceed the profit generated from such expansion, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
fluctuating foreign currencies may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial position. due to our acquisitions of costar u.k. limited (formerly focus information limited), property and portfolio research ltd., grecam s.a.s., the assets of belbex corporate, s.l., thomas daily, as well as our expansion into canada, a portion of our business is denominated in the british pound, euro and canadian dollar. as a result, fluctuations in foreign currencies may have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our international revenue, which in turn affects our consolidated revenue. currencies may be affected by internal factors, general economic conditions and external developments in other countries, all of which can have an adverse impact on a country's currency. currently, we are not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. we may seek to enter into hedging transactions in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all. we cannot predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. further, significant foreign exchange fluctuations resulting in a decline in the respective local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenues and earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
the economic effects of "brexit" may affect relationships with existing and future customers and could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results. on june 23, 2016, the u.k held a referendum in which british citizens approved an exit from the european union ("e.u."), commonly referred to as "brexit." on march 29, 2017, the united kingdom provided its official notice to the european council that it intends to leave the european union, commencing a period of up to two years for the u.k. and the other e.u. member states to negotiate the terms of the withdrawal. uncertainty over the terms of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the e.u. could cause political and economic uncertainty in the u.k. and the rest of europe, which could harm our business and financial results. in particular, brexit could result in significant volatility in global equity markets, currency exchange rates and other asset prices, including those related to real property. the impact to us from brexit will depend, in part, on the outcome of tariff, trade, regulatory and other negotiations. this impact may affect not only our u.k. operations but operations in other parts of the e.u. any transitional or permanent agreements resulting from such negotiations could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and the tax jurisdictions in which we operate.
31
a potential devaluation of the local currencies of our international customers relative to the u.s. dollar may impair the purchasing power of our international customers and could cause international customers to decrease or cancel orders, or terminate or fail to renew subscriptions for our services.
32
we translate sales and other results denominated in foreign currency into u.s. dollars for our financial statements. during periods of a strengthening u.s. dollar, our reported international sales and earnings could be reduced because foreign currencies may translate into fewer u.s. dollars. resulting asset price volatility that could follow the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. may create global economic uncertainty, which may cause our customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budgets on our products and services. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k determines which e.u. laws to replace or replicate, and those laws and regulations may be cumbersome, difficult or costly in terms of compliance. further, brexit may lead other e.u. member countries to consider referendums regarding their e.u. membership. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
changes in laws, regulations or fiscal and tax policies or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our financial performance. new laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business. in particular, there may be significant changes in u.s. laws and regulations by the current u.s. presidential administration that could affect a wide variety of industries and businesses, including our business. the current u.s. presidential administration has called for substantial change to fiscal and tax policies, and recently adopted tax reform legislation. refer to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this form 10-k for additional discussion of the impact of tax reform on the business. we cannot predict the impact, if any of potential future additional changes to our business. if the current u.s. presidential administration materially modifies u.s. laws and regulations or fiscal and other tax policies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in december 2017, the united states enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), and various provisions of the new law may adversely affect us. certain aspects of tax reform are unclear and may not be clarified for some time. as required by securities and exchange commission staff accounting bulletin 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act, we have provided a provisional estimate on the effect of the tax act in our consolidated financial statements. however, we may be required to change our provisional estimates as a result of new accounting guidance, regulatory guidance, judicial interpretations or our continued analysis of the application of the law, which could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. in addition, if federal, state or foreign tax authorities change applicable tax laws or issue new guidance, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
our indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our costs. on october 19, 2017, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the ''2017 credit agreement''), which amended and restated in its entirety the existing credit agreement dated april 1, 2014 (the "2014 credit agreement"), by and among costar, as borrower, costar realty information, inc., as co-borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent. the 2017 credit agreement provides for a $750 million revolving credit facility with a term of five years from a syndicate of financial institutions as lenders and issuing banks. the 2017 credit agreement contains customary restrictive covenants imposing operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that we believe may be in our long-term best interests. these covenants restrict our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) create, incur, assume or permit to exist any liens, (iii) enter into mergers, consolidations or similar transactions, (iv) make investments and acquisitions, (v) make certain dispositions of assets, (vi) make dividends, distributions and prepayments of certain indebtedness, and (vii) enter into certain transactions with affiliates.
the operating restrictions and financial covenants in the 2017 credit agreement and any future financing agreements may limit our ability to finance future operations or capital needs, to engage in other business activities or to respond to changes in market conditions. our ability to comply with any financial covenants could be affected materially by events beyond our control, and we may be unable to satisfy any such requirements. if we fail to comply with these covenants, we may need to seek waivers or amendments of such covenants, seek alternative or additional sources of financing or reduce our expenditures. we may be unable to obtain such waivers, amendments or alternative or additional financing on a timely basis or at all, or on favorable terms.
we are required to make periodic principal and interest payments pursuant to the terms of the 2017 credit agreement. if an event of default occurs, the interest rate on overdue amounts will increase and the lenders under the 2017 credit agreement may declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable and may exercise remedies in respect of the collateral. we may not be able to repay all amounts due under the 2017 credit agreement in the event these amounts are declared due upon an event of default.
negative conditions in the global credit markets may affect the liquidity of a portion of our long-term investments.  currently, our long-term investments include mostly aaa-rated auction rate securities ("ars"), which are primarily student loan securities supported by guarantees from the federal family education loan program ("ffelp") of the u.s. department of education. continuing negative conditions in the global credit markets have prevented some investors from liquidating their holdings of
33
auction rate securities because the amount of securities submitted for sale has exceeded the amount of purchase orders for such securities. as of december 31, 2017, we held $11 million par value of ars, all of which failed to settle at auctions. when an auction fails for ars in which we have invested, we may be unable to liquidate some or all of these securities at par. in the event we need or desire to immediately access these funds, we will not be able to do so until a future auction on these investments is successful, a buyer is found outside the auction process or an alternative action is determined. if a buyer is found but is unwilling to purchase the investments at par, we may incur a loss, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
34
our ars investments are not currently actively trading and therefore do not currently have a readily determinable market value. the estimated fair value of the ars no longer approximates par value. we have used a discounted cash flow model to determine the estimated fair value of our investment in ars as of december 31, 2017. the assumptions used in preparing the discounted cash flow model include estimates for interest rates, credit spreads, timing and amount of cash flows, liquidity risk premiums, expected holding periods and default risk of the ars. we update the discounted cash flow model on a quarterly basis to reflect any changes in the assumptions used in the model and settlements of ars investments that occurred during the period. based on this assessment of fair value, as of december 31, 2017, we determined there was a decline in the fair value of our ars investments of approximately $730,000. the decline was deemed to be a temporary impairment and was recorded as an unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. if the issuers of these ars are unable to successfully close future auctions and/or their credit ratings deteriorate, we may be required to record additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to determine the fair value of the ars. we do not expect any material changes in the near term to the underlying assumptions used to determine the unobservable inputs used to calculate the fair value of the ars as of december 31, 2017. however, if changes in these assumptions occur, and, should those changes be significant, we may be required to record additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments.
technical problems or disruptions that affect either our customers' ability to access our services, or the software, internal applications, database and network systems underlying our services, could damage our reputation and brands and lead to reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services, lower revenues and increased costs. our business, brands and reputation depend upon the satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our websites, the internet and our service providers. interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, software errors, physical or electronic break-ins, or malicious hacks or attacks on our systems (such as denial of service attacks), could affect the security and availability of our services on our mobile applications and our websites and prevent or inhibit the ability of users to access our services. our operations also depend on our ability to protect our databases, computers and software, telecommunications equipment and facilities against damage from potential dangers such as fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes and similar events. our users rely on our services when conducting their own businesses. disruptions in, or reductions in ability to access, our services for whatever reason could damage our users' businesses, harm our reputation, result in additional costs or result in reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services, any of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, the software, internal applications and systems underlying our services are complex and may not be error-free. our careful development and testing may not be sufficient to ensure that we will not encounter technical problems when we attempt to enhance our software, internal applications and systems. any inefficiencies, errors or technical problems with our software, internal applications and systems could reduce the quality of our services or interfere with our customers' access to our information, analytics and online marketplaces, which could reduce the demand for our services, lower our revenues and increase our costs.
the majority of the communications, network and computer hardware used to operate our mobile applications and websites are located at facilities in virginia and california. we do not own or control the operation of certain of these facilities. our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, earthquakes and similar events. these risks may be increased with respect to operations housed at facilities we do not own or control. the occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in damage to our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail completely, and our insurance may not cover such events or may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur.
a failure of our systems at any site could result in reduced functionality for our users, and a total failure of our systems could cause our mobile applications or websites to be inaccessible. problems faced or caused by our information technology service providers, including content distribution service providers, private network providers, internet providers and third-party web-hosting providers, or with the systems by which they allocate capacity among their customers (as applicable), could adversely affect the experience of our users. any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy reorganization, faced by these third-party service providers or any of the service providers with whom they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. if our third-party service providers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, our business could be harmed. in addition, if distribution channels for our mobile applications experience disruptions, such disruptions could adversely affect the ability of users and potential users to access or update our mobile applications, which could harm our business.
35
our business interruption insurance may not cover certain events or may be insufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business, which may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures or malicious attacks. any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our services could harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operating results and revenues are subject to fluctuations and our quarterly financial results may be subject to seasonality and market cyclicality, each of which could cause our stock price to be negatively affected. the commercial real estate market may be influenced by general economic conditions, economic cycles, annual seasonality factors and many other factors, which in turn may impact our financial results. the market is large and fragmented. the different sectors of the industry, such as office, industrial, retail, multifamily, and others, are influenced differently by different factors, and have historically moved through economic cycles with different timing. as such, it is difficult to estimate the potential impact of economic cycles and conditions or seasonality from year-to-year on our overall operating results. in addition, our results may be impacted by seasonality. the timing of widely observed holidays and vacation periods, particularly slowdowns during the end-of-year holiday period, and availability of real estate agents and related service providers during these periods, could significantly affect our quarterly operating results during that period. if we are unable to adequately respond to economic, seasonal or cyclical conditions, our revenues, expenses and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. our operating results, revenues and expenses may fluctuate for many reasons, including those described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k:
•   rates of subscriber adoption and retention;
•   timing of our sales conference or significant marketing events;
•   a slow-down during the end-of-year holiday period;
•   changes in our pricing strategy and timing of changes;
•   the timing and success of new service introductions and enhancements;
•   the shift of focus from, or phase out of services that overlap or are redundant with other services we offer;
•   the amount and timing of our operating expenses and capital expenditures;
•   our ability to control expenses;
•   the amount and timing of non-cash stock-based charges;
•   costs related to acquisitions of businesses or technologies or impairment charges associated with such investments and acquisitions;
•   competition;
•   changes or consolidation in the real estate industry;
•   our investments in geographic expansion and to increase coverage in existing markets;
•   interest rate fluctuations;
•   successful execution of our expansion and integration plans;
•   the development of our sales force;
•   foreign currency and exchange rate fluctuations;
•   inflation; and
•   changes in client budgets.
these fluctuations or seasonality effects could negatively affect our results of operations during the period in question and/or future periods or cause our stock price to decline. in addition, changes in accounting policies or practices may affect our level of net income. fluctuations in our financial results, revenues and expenses may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
the consent order approved by the federal trade commission in connection with the loopnet merger imposes conditions that could have an adverse effect on us and our business, and failure to comply with the terms of the consent order may result in adverse consequences for the combined company. on april 26, 2012, the ftc accepted the consent order in connection with the loopnet merger that was previously agreed to among the ftc staff, costar, and loopnet on april 17, 2012. the consent order was subject to a 30-day public comment period, and on august 29, 2012, the ftc issued its final acceptance of the consent order.
36
the consent order, which is publicly available on the ftc's website at http://www.ftc.gov/, requires costar to maintain certain business practices that the ftc believes are pro-competitive.  for example, the consent order requires costar to license its products to customers who have bought its competitors' products on a non-discriminatory basis. in addition, costar is required to provide the ftc with advance written notification of certain acquisitions for which notification would not otherwise be required under the hart-scott-rodino premerger notification act. this provision of the consent order requiring costar to provide the ftc with advance written notification of certain acquisitions could prevent us from closing certain acquisitions or add significant time and cost to these potential acquisitions, ultimately making an acquisition prohibitive or preventing costar from realizing anticipated benefits of an acquisition. in the event that costar fails or is unable to comply with the terms of the consent order, costar could be subject to an enforcement proceeding that could result in substantial fines and/or injunctive relief.
we have incurred and will continue to incur acquisition-related costs. we have incurred severance costs and expect to incur additional costs to integrate prior acquisitions, such as it integration expenses and costs related to the renegotiation of redundant vendor agreements. costs in connection with acquisitions and integrations may be higher than expected, and we may also incur unanticipated acquisition-related costs. these costs could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation or prospects of the combined business.
changes in accounting and reporting policies or practices may affect our financial results or presentation of results, which may affect our stock price. changes in accounting and reporting policies or practices could reduce our net income, which reductions may be independent of changes in our operations. these reductions in reported net income could cause our stock price to decline.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains "forward-looking statements," including statements about our beliefs and expectations. there are many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. potential factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those stated above in item 1a. under the headings "risk factors - cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" and " risk factors," as well as those described from time to time in our filings with the securities and exchange commission.
all forward-looking statements are based on information available to us on the date of this filing and we assume no obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our quarterly reports on form 10-q, current reports on form 8-k and other filings with the securities and exchange commission and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview costar group, inc. (the "company" or "costar") is the number one provider of information, analytics and online marketplaces to the commercial real estate industry in the united states ("u.s.") and the united kingdom ("u.k.") based on the fact that we offer the most comprehensive commercial real estate database available; have the largest research department in the industry; own and operate leading online marketplaces for commercial real estate and apartment listings in the u.s. based on the numbers of unique visitors and site visits per month; provide more information, analytics and marketing services than any of our competitors and believe that we generate more revenues than any of our commercial real estate information and online marketplace competitors. we created and compiled our standardized platform of information, analytics and online marketplace services where industry professionals and consumers of commercial real estate, including apartments, and the related business communities, can continuously interact and facilitate transactions by efficiently accessing and exchanging accurate and standardized real estate-related information.
we have five flagship brands - costar®, loopnet®, apartments.comtm, bizbuysell® and landsofamericatm. our subscription-based services consist primarily of information, analytics and online marketplace services offered over the internet to commercial real estate industry and related professionals. our subscription-based information services consist primarily of costar suite® services. costar suite is sold as a platform of service offerings consisting of costar property professional®, costar comps professional® and costar tenant® and through our mobile application, costar go®. our integrated suite of online service offerings includes information about space available for lease, comparable sales information, information about properties for sale, tenant information, internet marketing services, analytical capabilities, information for clients' websites, information about industry professionals and their business relationships, data integration and industry news. we provide market research, consulting and analysis for commercial real estate investors and lenders via our costar portfolio strategy and costar suite service offerings; portfolio and debt analysis, management and reporting capabilities through our costar investment analysis and costar risk analytics service offerings; and, real estate and lease management solutions, including lease administration and abstraction services, through our costar real estate manager service offerings.
our loopnet subscription-based online marketplace services enable commercial property owners, landlords and real estate agents working on their behalf to list properties for sale or for lease and to submit detailed information about property listings. commercial real estate agents, buyers and tenants also use loopnet's online marketplace services to search for available property listings that meet their criteria.
apartments.com is part of our network of apartment marketing sites, which also includes apartmentfinder.comtm, forrent.com®, apartmenthomeliving.comtm, westsiderentals.com®, after55.com®, corporatehousing.comtm, forrentuniversity.com® and apartamentos.comtm, our apartment-listing site offered exclusively in spanish. our apartment marketing network of subscription-based services offers renters a searchable database of over one million listings and provides professional property management companies and landlords with an advertising destination. our apartment marketing network draws on and leverages costar's multifamily database, which contains detailed information on apartment properties. we designed the apartments.com, apartmentfinder.com and apartamentos.com websites to meet renter preferences and demands, creating qualified renter prospects for our advertisers. we acquired the forrent.com, after55.com, corporatehousing.com and forrentuniversity.com sites when we completed the acquisition of forrent, a division of dominion enterprises, on february 21, 2018. our network of apartment marketing sites provide a comprehensive selection of rentals, information on actual availabilities and rents, and in-depth data on neighborhoods, including restaurants, nightlife, history, schools and other facts important to renters. to help renters find the information that meets their needs, the sites also offer innovative search tools such as the polygontm search tool, which allows renters to specifically define the area in which they want to find an apartment. the screening prostm is an
41
online apartment leasing platform that includes tenant screening services, rental applications and payments processing and lease renewals. on february 21 2018, we completed the acquisition of forrent, a division of dominion enterprises, for a purchase price of approximately $385 million, payable approximately $350 million in cash and approximately $35 million in shares of costar group common stock, subject to a customary working capital adjustment and other post-closing adjustments. approximately $11 million of the cash consideration was placed in escrow to be used for potential employee stay bonuses.
42
similar to our other past acquisitions, we have been, and plan to continue, integrating, further developing and cross-selling the services offered by apartments.com, apartmentfinder.com and westside rentals and the other services we offer, including but not limited to costar suite. now that we have completed the forrent acquisition, we plan to develop and cross-sell the services offered by forrent. we have incurred and plan to continue to incur product development costs to improve the online apartments.com and apartmentfinder.com platforms and apartamentos.com. we have incurred and plan to continue to incur sales and marketing expenses in order to support the apartments.com network and to increase brand awareness. to generate brand awareness and site traffic for the apartments.com network, we utilize a multi-channel marketing campaign featuring television and radio advertising, online/digital advertising, social media and out-of-home ads and reinforced that advertising with search engine marketing. we plan to continue to utilize these marketing methods and will continue to work to determine the optimal level of marketing investment for our services for future periods.
our bizbuysell services, which include bizquest®, provide an online marketplace for businesses for sale. our land.com network of sites, which provide online marketplaces for rural lands for sale, includes landsofamerica, landandfarm and landwatch®.
our service offerings span all commercial property types, including office, retail, industrial, multifamily, commercial land, mixed-use and hospitality.
subscription-based services our subscription-based services consist primarily of information, analytics and online marketplace services offered over the internet to commercial real estate industry and related professionals. our services are typically distributed to our clients under subscription-based license agreements that renew automatically, a majority of which have a term of one year. upon renewal, many of the subscription contract rates may change in accordance with contract provisions or as a result of contract renegotiations. to encourage clients to use our services regularly, we generally charge a fixed monthly amount for our subscription-based services rather than charging fees based on actual system usage or number of paid clicks. depending on the type of service, contract rates are generally based on the number of sites, number of users, organization size, the client's business focus, geography, the number and types of services to which a client subscribes, the number of properties a client advertises and the prominence and placement of a client's advertised properties in the search results. our subscription clients generally pay contract fees in advance on a monthly basis, but in some cases may pay us in advance on a quarterly or annual basis.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, our annualized net bookings of subscription-based services on all contracts were approximately $43 million and $29 million, respectively, calculated based on the annualized amount of change in our sales resulting from all new subscription-based contracts or upsales on all existing subscription-based contracts, less write downs and cancellations, for the period reported. our net bookings is a quantitative measurement that is typically closely correlated with our subscription revenue results. net bookings is considered a key indicator of future subscription revenue growth and is also used as a metric of salesforce productivity by management and investors. we recognize subscription revenues on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract.
43
for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, our contract renewal rate for existing costar subscription-based services on annual contracts was approximately 91% and 90%, respectively, and therefore our cancellation rate for those services was approximately 9% and 10%, respectively, for the same time periods. our contract renewal rate is a quantitative measurement that is typically closely correlated with our revenue results. as a result, management also believes that the rate may be a reliable indicator of short-term and long-term performance. our trailing twelve-month contract renewal rate may decline if, among other reasons, negative economic conditions lead to greater business failures and/or consolidations among our clients, reductions in customer spending, or decreases in our customer base.
development, investments and expansion we are committed to supporting and improving our information, news, analytic and online marketplace solutions. we expect to continue our software development efforts to improve existing services, introduce new services, integrate and cross-sell services, and expand and develop supporting technologies for our research, sales and marketing organizations. to generate brand awareness and site traffic for our listing sites, we utilize a variety of marketing campaigns, including television and radio advertising, online/digital advertising, social media and out-of-home ads, and search engine marketing. we expect to continue to invest in sales and marketing in 2018. as we continue to assess the success and effectiveness of our marketing campaign, we will continue to work to determine the optimal level of marketing investment for our services for future periods.
our key priorities for 2018 and recent developments include:
•we are migrating all of our commercial real estate information capabilities to our flagship costar suite product and winding down the legacy loopnet information products.  this process began in the fall of 2017 with the integration of the costar and loopnet databases.  in addition, we are transitioning the loopnet marketplace to a pure pay-to-list marketing site for commercial real estate. we completed integrating the backend systems of the loopnet and costar databases during the second half of 2017; the two services now share a unified database of information, creating operating efficiencies and improving the data available to our customers. we also introduced new enhancements on the costar homepage, including a listing manager feature that we believe will increase the quantity and quality of the listing information available by enabling brokers and other industry participants to load information directly into the integrated system.  this in turn is expected to reduce the time and costs associated with researching and maintaining our comprehensive database of commercial real estate information.
•on february 21, 2018, we completed the acquisition of forrent, a division of dominion enterprises, forrent's primary service is digital advertising through a network of four multifamily websites - which includes forrent.com, after55.com, corporatehousing.com and forrentuniversity.com. we plan to integrate, develop and cross-sell the services offered by forrent. forrent.com is expected to remain a distinct, complementary brand to apartments.com, giving property managers and owners more exposure for their listings.
•we plan to continue developing new, and improve existing, product and service offerings to the apartments industry. in particular, we expect to implement the ability for renters to apply for leases online, for landlords to run tenant credit and background checks and, eventually, for landlords and tenants to generate leases and process payments online.
•we continue to invest in our research operations to support continued growth of our information and analytics offerings. we established our research operations headquarters in richmond, virginia, in december 2016, which is developing into a technology innovation hub, powering the software development necessary to support the content within our information, analytics and marketing services. in connection with the opening of the richmond research headquarters, we have expanded our research team to continue to meet the growing content needs of our clients. in addition, we expect to continue to invest in our international research operations in madrid, spain and the u.k.
in support of our continued expansion and development, in october 2017, we completed a public equity offering of 3,317,308 shares of common stock for $260.00 per share. net proceeds from the public equity offering were approximately $834 million, after deducting approximately $29 million of underwriting discounts and fees. we expect to use the net proceeds from the public equity offering to fund all or a portion of the costs of any strategic acquisitions we determine to pursue in the future, to finance the growth of our business and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. general corporate purposes may include additions to working capital, capital expenditures, repayment of debt, investments in the company's subsidiaries, possible acquisitions and the repurchase, redemption or retirement of securities, including the company's common stock.
on october 19, 2017, the company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the ''2017 credit agreement''), which amended and restated in its entirety the existing 2014 credit agreement. the 2017 credit agreement provides for a $750
44
million revolving credit facility with a term of five years from a syndicate of financial institutions as lenders and issuing banks. the company also paid off the remaining balance of $310 million and interest on its existing $400 million term loan under the 2014 credit agreement on october 19, 2017 from existing cash balances. the 2017 revolving credit facility may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the company and its subsidiaries. the company had no outstanding long-term debt at december 31, 2017 as it had not drawn any amounts under its 2017 credit agreement. the restructured credit facility, along with the proceeds from the october equity offering and cash generated by the company's business are expected to support the company's continued growth and give the company flexibility to act on strategic acquisition opportunities that may arise.
we intend to continue to assess the need for additional investments in our business, in addition to the investments discussed above, in order to develop and distribute new services within our current platform or expand the reach of our current service offerings. any future product development or expansion of services, combination and coordination of services or elimination of services or corporate expansion, development or restructuring efforts could reduce our profitability and increase our capital expenditures. any new investments, changes to our service offerings or other unforeseen events could cause us to experience reduced revenues or generate losses and negative cash flow from operations in the future. any development efforts must comply with our credit facility, which contains restrictive covenants that restrict our operations and use of our cash flow and may prevent us from taking certain actions that we believe could increase our profitability or otherwise enhance our business.
45
property developments as we have done in the past, we expect to continue to identify new facilities and consolidate existing facilities to better accommodate the changing demands of our business operations and employees. as a result, we may incur additional lease restructuring charges for the abandonment of certain lease space and the impairment of leasehold improvements.
non-gaap financial measures we prepare and publicly release quarterly unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). we also disclose and discuss certain non-gaap financial measures in our public releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. the non-gaap financial measures that we may disclose include net income before interest and other income (expense), income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share (also referred to as "non-gaap eps"). ebitda is our net income before interest, loss on debt extinguishment, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. we typically disclose ebitda on a consolidated and an operating segment basis in our earnings releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. adjusted ebitda is different from ebitda because we further adjust ebitda for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and integration related costs, restructuring costs and settlements and impairments incurred outside our ordinary course of business. non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are similarly adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and integration related costs, restructuring costs, settlement and impairment costs and loss on debt extinguishment incurred outside our ordinary course of business as well as amortization of acquired intangible assets and other related costs. we may disclose adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share on a consolidated basis in our earnings releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. the non-gaap financial measures that we use may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. also, in the future, we may disclose different non-gaap financial measures in order to help our investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our results of operations to our previously reported results of operations or to those of other companies in our industry.
we view ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share as operating performance measures and as such we believe that the most directly comparable gaap financial measure is net income. in calculating ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share, we exclude from net income (loss) the financial items that we believe should be separately identified to provide additional analysis of the financial components of the day-to-day operation of our business. we have outlined below the type and scope of these exclusions and the material limitations on the use of these non-gaap financial measures as a result of these exclusions. ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are not measurements of financial performance under gaap and should not be considered as a measure of liquidity, as an alternative to net income (loss) or as an indicator of any other measure of performance derived in accordance with gaap. investors and potential investors in our securities should not rely on ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share as a substitute for any gaap financial measure, including net income. in addition, we urge investors and potential investors in our securities to carefully review the gaap financial information included as part of our annual reports on form 10-k and quarterly reports on form 10-q that are filed with the securities and exchange commission, as well as our quarterly earnings releases, and compare the gaap financial information with our ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share.
46
ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share may be used by management to internally measure our operating and management performance and may be used by investors as supplemental financial measures to evaluate the performance of our business. we believe that these non-gaap measures, when viewed with our gaap results and the accompanying reconciliation, provide additional information that is useful to understand the factors and trends affecting our business. we have spent more than 30 years building our database of commercial real estate information and expanding our markets and services partially through acquisitions of complementary businesses. due to the expansion of our information, analytics and online marketplace services, which has included acquisitions, our net income has included significant charges for amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation and other amortization, acquisition and integration related costs, restructuring costs, and loss on debt extinguishment. adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share exclude these charges and provide meaningful information about the operating performance of our business, apart from charges for amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation and other amortization, acquisition and integration related costs, restructuring costs; settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business. we believe the disclosure of non-gaap measures can help investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our performance from quarter to quarter and from year to year. we also believe the non-gaap measures we disclose are measures of our ongoing operating performance because the isolation of non-cash charges, such as amortization and depreciation, and other items, such as interest, income taxes, stock-based compensation expenses, acquisition and integration related costs, restructuring costs; loss on debt extinguishment and settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business, provides additional information about our cost structure, and, over time, helps track our operating progress. in addition, investors, securities analysts and others have regularly relied on ebitda and may rely on adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income or non-gaap net income per diluted share to provide a financial measure by which to compare our operating performance against that of other companies in our industry.
set forth below are descriptions of financial items that have been excluded from net income to calculate ebitda and the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income :
•   amortization of acquired intangible assets in cost of revenues may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the diminishing value of any acquired trade names and other intangible assets and the use of our acquired database technology, which is one of the sources of information for our database of commercial real estate information. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   amortization of acquired intangible assets in operating expenses may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the estimated attrition of our acquired customer base. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   depreciation and other amortization may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent the wear and tear on our property and equipment used in our operations. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   the amount of interest and other income we generate may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash inflows. however, we do not consider the amount of interest and other income to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of interest and other expense we incur may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash outflows. however, we do not consider the amount of interest and other expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of loss on our debt extinguishment may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash outflows. however, we do not consider the amount of the loss on debt extinguishment to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   income tax expense may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred income taxes during the period and may reduce the amount of funds otherwise available for use in our business. however, we do not consider the amount of income tax expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
set forth below are descriptions of additional financial items that have been excluded from ebitda to calculate adjusted ebitda and the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income:
•   stock-based compensation expense may be useful for investors to consider because it represents a portion of the compensation of our employees and executives. determining the fair value of the stock-based instruments involves a
47
high degree of judgment and estimation and the expenses recorded may bear little resemblance to the actual value realized upon the future exercise or termination of the related stock-based awards. therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation in order to better understand the long-term performance of our core business.
48
•   the amount of acquisition and integration related costs incurred may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent professional service fees and direct expenses related to acquisitions. because we do not acquire businesses on a predictable cycle we do not consider the amount of acquisition and integration related costs to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of restructuring costs incurred may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent costs incurred in connection with a change in a contract or a change in the makeup of our properties or personnel. we do not consider the amount of restructuring related costs to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of settlement and impairment costs incurred outside of our ordinary course of business may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent gains or losses from the settlement of litigation matters or impairments on acquired intangible assets. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   the amount of loss on our debt extinguishment may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent gains or losses from the early extinguishment of debt. however, we do not consider the amount of the loss on debt extinguishment to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
the financial items that have been excluded from our net income to calculate non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are amortization of acquired intangible assets and other related costs, stock-based compensation, acquisition and integration related costs, restructuring and related costs, settlement and impairment costs, and loss on debt extinguishment incurred outside our ordinary course of business. these items are discussed above with respect to the calculation of adjusted ebitda together with the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income (loss). we subtract an assumed provision for income taxes to calculate non-gaap net income. in 2017, 2016, and 2015, we assumed a 38% tax rate, which approximates our historical long-term statutory corporate tax rate, excluding the impact of discrete items.
non-gaap net income per diluted share is a non-gaap financial measure that represents non-gaap net income divided by the number of diluted shares outstanding for the period used in the calculation of gaap net income per diluted share.
management compensates for the above-described limitations of using non-gaap measures by using a non-gaap measure only to supplement our gaap results and to provide additional information that is useful to understand the factors and trends affecting our business.
the following table shows our net income reconciled to our ebitda and our net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the indicated periods (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                  2016                    2015
net income (loss)                                                     $122,695                 $85,071                 $(3,465    )
amortization of acquired intangible assets in cost of revenues          19,707                  22,819                  30,077
amortization of acquired intangible assets in operating expenses        17,684                  22,731                  27,931
depreciation and other amortization                                     26,252                  24,615                  20,524
interest and other income                                               (4,044    )             (1,773    )               (537    )
interest and other expense                                               9,014                  10,016                   9,411
loss on debt extinguishment                                              3,788                       -                       -
income tax expense                                                      42,363                  51,591                   6,046
ebitda                                                                $237,459                $215,070                 $89,987
net cash flows provided by (used in)
operating activities                                                  $234,703                $200,642                $139,773
investing activities                                                  $(72,267    )           $(23,259    )          $(215,502    )
financing activities                                                  $480,430                $(30,563    )           $(29,032    )
49
consolidated results of operations the following table provides our selected consolidated results of operations for the indicated periods (in thousands of dollars and as a percentage of total revenue):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                          2016                                                            2015
revenues                                                          $965,230          100   %          $837,630          100   %          $711,764          100   %
cost of revenues                                                   220,403           23               173,814           21               188,885           27
gross profit                                                       744,827           77               663,816           79               522,879           73
operating expenses:
selling and marketing (excluding customer base amortization)       318,362           33               296,483           35               302,226           42
software development                                                88,850            9                76,400            9                65,760            9
general and administrative                                         146,128           15               123,297           15               115,507           16
customer base amortization                                          17,671            2                22,731            3                27,931            4
total operating expenses                                           571,011           59               518,911           62               511,424           72
income from operations                                             173,816           18               144,905           17                11,455            1
interest and other income                                            4,044            -                 1,773            -                   537            -
interest and other expense                                          (9,014   )       (1   )           (10,016   )       (1   )            (9,411   )       (1   )
loss on debt extinguishment                                         (3,788   )       (2   )                 -            -                     -            -
income before income taxes                                         165,058           16               136,662           16                 2,581            -
income tax expense                                                  42,363            4                51,591            6                 6,046            1
net income (loss)                                                 $122,695           12   %           $85,071           10   %           $(3,465   )       (1   )%
the following table provides our revenues by type of service (in thousands of dollars and as a percentage of total revenue):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                            2016                              2015
information and analytics costar suite(1)                      $463,185          48   %          $408,456          49   %          $360,440          50   %
information services(2)                72,618           8                77,178           9                75,790          11
online marketplaces multifamily(3)                        279,855          29               224,835          27               160,630          23
commercial property and land(4)       149,572          15               127,161          15               114,904          16
total revenues                       $965,230         100   %          $837,630         100   %          $711,764         100   %
(1) costar suite is comprised of costar property professional, costar comps professional, costar tenant; and costar portfolio strategy.
(2) information services is comprised of loopnet premium searcher; costar real estate manager; costar risk analytics compass; costar investment analysis portfolio maximizer; costar investment analysis request; costar brokerage applications; propex; grecam; belbex and thomas daily.
(3) multifamily is comprised of apartments.com, apartmentfinder.com, apartmenthomeliving.com, westsiderentals.com; apartamentos.com; and the screening pros.
(4) commercial property and land is comprised of loopnet premium lister; looplink; costar advertising; bizbuysell and bizquest; landsofamerica, landandfarm and landwatch; and costar private sale network.
50
comparison of year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2016
the following table provides a comparison of our selected consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands of dollars):
2017                                                                                            2016       increase (decrease) ($)         increase (decrease) (%)
revenues costar suite                                                      $463,185              $408,456                 $54,729                          13             %
information services                                                72,618                77,178                  (4,560         )                (6             )
multifamily                                                        279,855               224,835                  55,020                          24
commercial property and land                                       149,572               127,161                  22,411                          18
total revenues                                                     965,230               837,630                 127,600                          15
cost of revenues                                                   220,403               173,814                  46,589                          27
gross profit                                                       744,827               663,816                  81,011                          12
operating expenses:
selling and marketing (excluding customer base amortization)       318,362               296,483                  21,879                           7
software development                                                88,850                76,400                  12,450                          16
general and administrative                                         146,128               123,297                  22,831                          19
customer base amortization                                          17,671                22,731                  (5,060         )               (22             )
total operating expenses                                           571,011               518,911                  52,100                          10
income from operations                                             173,816               144,905                  28,911                          20
interest and other income                                            4,044                 1,773                   2,271                         128
interest and other expense                                          (9,014   )           (10,016   )              (1,002         )               (10             )
loss on extinguishment                                              (3,788   )                 -                   3,788                          nm income before income taxes                                         165,058               136,662                  28,396                          21
income tax expense                                                  42,363                51,591                  (9,228         )               (18             )
net income                                                        $122,695               $85,071                 $37,624                          44             %
__________________________
nm - not meaningful revenues. revenues increased to $965 million in 2017, from $838 million in 2016. the $127 million increase was primarily attributable to increased revenues of approximately $55 million or 13% from continued organic growth in costar suite as well as a movement of our loopnet customers onto our costar platform as a result of the loopnet integration. information services decreased $5m or 6% primarily due to continued wind down of loopnet information products including premium searcher partially offset by increases in our real estate manager offering. multifamily year over year increases of $55 million or 24% was primarily attributable to organic growth as well as some smaller increases for several acquisitions. commercial property and land revenue increased $22 million or 18% over 2016 primarily due to organic growth as well as an increase due to the landwatch acquisition. overall, revenue growth rates are expected to be in line or slightly higher than 2017.
gross profit. gross profit increased to $745 million in 2017, from $664 million in 2016. the gross margin percentage decreased to 77% in 2017, from 79% in 2016. revenue growth led to an increase in costs of revenues of $38 million for additional research personnel costs, $5 million in occupancy related costs from our new research office in richmond offset by a decrease in the amortization of intangible assets of$4 million. gross margins are impacted by the amortization of certain intangible assets acquired through acquisitions.
selling and marketing expenses. selling and marketing expenses increased to $318 million in 2017, from $296 million in 2016, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 33% from 35%. the increase in the amount of selling and marketing expenses was primarily due to a $25 million increase in sales personnel costs related to increased commission expense from higher sales in 2017 partially offset by a $2 million decrease in digital marketing costs.
51
software development expenses. software development expenses increased to $89 million in 2017, from $76 million in 2016, and remained relatively consistent as a percentage of revenues at 9% for both 2017 and 2016. the increase in the amount of software development expense was primarily due to a $14 million increase in personnel costs to support enhancements and upgrades to our services and integration of the backend systems of the loopnet and costar databases.
general and administrative expenses. general and administrative expenses increased 19% to $146 million in 2017, from $123 million in 2016, and remained relatively consistent as a percentage of revenues at 15% in 2017 and 2016. the increase in the amount of general and administrative expenses was primarily due to legal costs related to litigation of approximately $13 million, an increase in administrative personnel costs of $5 million to support the ongoing growth of the business, and a $3 million increase in charitable donations.
customer base amortization expense. customer base amortization expense decreased to approximately $18 million in 2017, from $23 million in 2016, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 2% in 2017, compared to 3% in 2016. the decrease in the amount and percentage of customer base amortization expense was primarily due to the accelerated amortization of acquired customer bases in 2016 as compared to 2017.
interest and other income. interest and other income increased to approximately $4 million in 2017 compared to approximately $2 million in 2016. the increase was primarily due to increased short term investments on a larger cash balance in 2017 than in 2016 mainly due to net proceeds of $834 million from the equity offering in october 2017.
interest and other expense. interest and other expense remained relatively consistent at $9 million in 2017 compared to $10 million in 2016. the decrease was primarily due to the repayment of outstanding debt in october 2017 in conjunction with the 2017 credit agreement offset by higher interest rates on outstanding debt in 2017 compared to 2016.
loss on extinguishment. the loss on extinguishment was due to the restatement and amendment of the 2014 credit agreement as the 2017 credit agreement, which resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately $4 million.
income tax expense. income tax expense decreased to $42 million in 2017 compared to $52 million in 2016. without the effect of discrete items, income tax expense would have increased by approximately $12 million. discrete items resulted in a reduction in tax expense of approximately $22 million including the revaluation of the deferred tax liability at the lower federal statutory tax rate resulting in a $7 million benefit. we also recognized approximately $8 million benefit in net research and development tax benefits related to the periods 2013-2017. finally, we recognized $7 million benefit from the impact of the accounting rule change in asu 2016-09 that provided for recognizing excess tax benefits in income tax expense as compared to additional paid in capital, which was the treatment prior to 2017.
comparison of business segment results for year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2016
we manage our business geographically in two operating segments, with our primary areas of measurement and decision-making being north america, which includes the u.s. and canada, and international, which includes the u.k., spain, germany and france. management relies on an internal management reporting process that provides revenues and operating segment ebitda, which is our net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. management believes that operating segment ebitda is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operational performance of our operating segments. ebitda is used by management to internally measure our operating and management performance and to evaluate the performance of our business. however, this measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, income from operations or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
segment revenues. north america revenues increased to $934 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $809 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase in north america revenues was primarily due to increased revenues of approximately $55 million from our multifamily products, and an increase of $55 million in costar suite from the continued growth of our subscription-based services due to successful cross-selling of our services to our customers in existing markets, combined with continued high renewal rates. international revenues increased to $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $28 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase was primarily due to continued growth of our subscription-based information services resulting from sales of costar suite.
segment ebitda. north america ebitda increased to $237 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $211 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in north america ebitda was due primarily to an increase in revenues of $125 million primarily offset by increased personnel costs from additional investments in our research operations and the opening of our richmond research headquarters as well as increased legal costs. international ebitda decreased to $1 million
52
for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. this decrease in international ebitda was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs from the relocation of our european research headquarters from glasgow, scotland to london, england and as a result of increased headcount from investments in our international research operations in madrid, spain and the u.k.
53
comparison of year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2015
the following table provides a comparison of our selected consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands of dollars):
2016                                                                                            2015           increase (decrease) ($)         increase (decrease) (%)
revenues costar suite                                                      $408,456              $360,440                     $48,016                          13   %
information services                                                77,178                75,790                       1,388                           2
multifamily                                                        224,835               160,630                      64,205                          40
commercial property and land                                       127,161               114,904                      12,257                          11
total revenues                                                     837,630               711,764                     125,866                          18
cost of revenues                                                   173,814               188,885                     (15,071         )                (8   )
gross profit                                                       663,816               522,879                     140,937                          27
operating expenses:
selling and marketing (excluding customer base amortization)       296,483               302,226                      (5,743         )                (2   )
software development                                                76,400                65,760                      10,640                          16
general and administrative                                         123,297               115,507                       7,790                           7
customer base amortization                                          22,731                27,931                      (5,200         )               (19   )
total operating expenses                                           518,911               511,424                       7,487                           1
income from operations                                             144,905                11,455                     133,450                          nm interest and other income                                            1,773                   537                       1,236                          nm interest and other expense                                         (10,016   )            (9,411   )   605                                             6
income before income taxes                                         136,662                 2,581                     134,081                          nm income tax expense                                                  51,591                 6,046                      45,545                          nm net income (loss)                                                  $85,071               $(3,465   )                 $88,536                          nm revenues. revenues increased to $838 million in 2016, from $712 million in 2015. the $126 million increase was primarily attributable to increased revenues of approximately $64 million from our apartments network primarily related to the acquisition of apartment finder on june 1, 2015 as well as continued organic growth in costar suite and multifamily revenues.
gross profit. gross profit increased to $664 million in 2016, from $523 million in 2015. the gross margin percentage increased to 79% in 2016, from 73% in 2015. the increase in the gross profit amount and percentage was principally due to an increase in revenues as well as a decrease in cost of revenues of $15 million. the decrease in costs of revenues is primarily due to a $7 million decrease in the amortization of intangible assets and a $6 million decrease in research personnel costs.
selling and marketing expenses. selling and marketing expenses decreased to $296 million in 2016, from $302 million in 2015, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 35% in 2016, from 42% in 2015. the decrease in the amount and percentage of selling and marketing expenses was primarily due to a $19 million decrease in marketing expense for the wide-scale marketing campaign to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com, partially offset by a $14 million increase in sales personnel costs.
54
software development expenses. software development expenses increased to $76 million in 2016, from $66 million in 2015, and remained relatively consistent as a percentage of revenues at 9% in 2016 and 2015. the increase in the amount of software development expense was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs to support enhancements and upgrades to our services and continued work to integrate the backend systems of the loopnet and costar databases.
general and administrative expenses. general and administrative expenses increased to $123 million in 2016, from $116 million in 2015, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 15% in 2016 from 16% in 2015. the increase in the amount of general and administrative expenses was primarily due to legal costs related to litigation of approximately $6 million incurred during 2016 that did not occur during 2015, as well as an increase in lease restructuring charges of $2 million for the abandonment of certain lease space and the impairment of leasehold improvements in 2016 compared to 2015.
customer base amortization expense. customer base amortization expense decreased to approximately $23 million in 2016, from $28 million in 2015, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 3% in 2016, compared to 4% in 2015. the decrease in the amount and percentage of customer base amortization expense was primarily due to the accelerated amortization of acquired customer bases in 2015 as compared to 2016.
interest and other income. interest and other income increased to approximately $2 million in 2016 compared to approximately $537,000 in 2015. the increase was primarily due to a realized gain of approximately $808,000 on investments in auction rate securities ("ars") in 2016 that did not occur in 2015.
interest and other expense. interest and other expense remained relatively consistent at $10 million in 2016 compared to $9 million in 2015.
income tax expense. income tax expense increased to $52 million in 2016 compared to $6 million in 2015. this increase was primarily due to higher income before income taxes in 2016 as compared to 2015 as a result of our increased revenues.
comparison of business segment results for year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2015
we manage our business geographically in two operating segments, with our primary areas of measurement and decision-making being north america, which includes the u.s. and canada, and international, which includes the u.k., spain, germany and france. management relies on an internal management reporting process that provides revenues and operating segment ebitda, which is our net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. management believes that operating segment ebitda is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operational performance of our operating segments. ebitda is used by management to internally measure our operating and management performance and to evaluate the performance of our business. however, this measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, income from operations or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
segment revenues. north america revenues increased to $809 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $687 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase in north america revenues was primarily due to increased revenues of approximately $64 million from our apartments network, as well as the further penetration of our subscription-based services and successful cross-selling of our services to our customers in existing markets, combined with continued high renewal rates. international revenues increased to $28 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $25 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase was primarily due to further penetration of our subscription-based information services resulting from sales of costar suite.
segment ebitda. north america ebitda increased to $211 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $87 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in north america ebitda was due primarily to an increase in revenues. international ebitda increased to $4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase in international ebitda was primarily due to an increase in revenues.
55
consolidated quarterly results of operations the following tables present our unaudited consolidated results of operations on a quarterly basis for the indicated periods (in thousands, except per share amounts, and as a percentage of total revenues). these tables should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k. the quarterly results of historical periods are not necessarily indicative of quarterly results for any future period.
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                          2016
mar. 31                jun. 30                sep. 30               dec. 31               mar. 31                jun. 30                sep. 30               dec. 31
revenues                               $226,553               $237,153               $247,533              $253,991              $199,739               $206,869               $212,711              $218,311
cost of revenues                         51,346                 55,273                 55,483                58,301                42,900                 42,679                 42,222                46,013
gross profit                            175,207                181,880                192,050               195,690               156,839                164,190                170,489               172,298
operating expenses                      137,545                153,997                134,537               144,932               126,538                136,071                130,893               125,409
income from operations                   37,662                 27,883                 57,513                50,758                30,301                 28,119                 39,596                46,889
interest and other income                   429                    605                    555                 2,455                    84                    159                    344                 1,186
interest and other expense               (2,686    )            (2,693    )            (2,901    )             (734    )           (2,509    )            (2,455    )            (2,498    )           (2,554    )
loss on debt extinguishment                   -                      -                      -                (3,788    )                -                      -                      -                     -
income (loss) before income taxes        35,405                 25,795                 55,167                48,691                27,876                 25,823                 37,442                45,521
income tax expense                       13,275                  3,611                 20,990                 4,487                11,155                 10,247                 14,241                15,948
net income                              $22,130                $22,184                $34,177               $44,204               $16,721                $15,576                $23,201               $29,573
net income per share - basic              $0.69                  $0.68                  $1.05                 $1.24                 $0.52                  $0.48                  $0.72                 $0.92
net income per share - diluted            $0.68                  $0.68                  $1.04                 $1.22                 $0.52                  $0.48                  $0.72                 $0.91
2017                                                                                                                                               2016
mar. 31         jun. 30         sep. 30         dec. 31         mar. 31         jun. 30         sep. 30         dec. 31
revenues                      100   %         100     %       100     %       100     %       100     %       100     %       100     %       100     %
cost of revenues               23              23              22              23              21              21              20              21
gross profit                   77              77              78              77              79              79              80              79
operating expenses             60              65              55              58              64              65              61              58
income from operations         17              12              23              19              15              14              19              21
interest and other income       -               -               -               1               -               -               -               1
interest and other expense     (1   )          (1     )        (1     )         -              (1     )        (1     )        (1     )        (1     )
loss on debt extinguishment     -               -               -              (1     )         -               -               -               -
income before income taxes     16              11              22              19              14              13              18              21
income tax expense              6               2               8               2               6               5               7               7
net income                     10   %           9     %        14     %        17     %         8     %         8     %        11     %        14     %
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, and cash from operations. total cash and cash equivalents increased to $1 billion at december 31, 2017 compared to cash and cash equivalents of $567 million at december 31, 2016. the increase in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily due to $834 million in net proceeds from our public equity offering in october 2017 of 3,317,308 shares of common stock for $260.00 per share after deducting underwriting discounts and fees of $29 million. in addition, the company generated net cash provided by operating activities of approximately $235 million, partially offset by debt payments of $345 million, purchase of property, equipment and other assets of approximately $24 million, and payments made for acquisitions including landwatch, westside rentals and the screening pros totaling approximately $48 million.
56
changes in cash and cash equivalents are dependent upon changes in, among other things, working capital items such as accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and deferred revenues, as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock options offset by issuance of shares to cover taxes.
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $235 million compared to $201 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and $140 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the $34 million and $61 million increase from december 31, 2016 to december 31, 2017 and from december 31, 2015 to december 31, 2016, respectively, is primarily due to higher income from operations in both periods. income from operations was partially offset fluctuations in working capital.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $72 million compared to $23 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and $216 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the $49 million increase in investing activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the increase in cash used for acquisitions from 2016 to 2017. 2017 included cash payments for the acquisitions of westside rentals for $14 million, a $31 million payment for landwatch and a $3 million payment for the acquisition of the screening pros. during 2017, we incurred capital expenditures of approximately $24 million primarily related to computer equipment and leasehold improvements for build out of sales office space. we expect capital expenditures to increase in 2018 related to the build out of leased office space, including the richmond research headquarters, as well as investments in technology.
the $192 million decrease in investing activities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the decrease in cash used for acquisitions from 2015 to 2016. the $182 million of net cash used for acquisitions in 2015 included $179 million for the acquisition of apartment finder and certain assets related to the business operations of apartment finder's independent distributors as well as $3 million for the acquisition of the assets of belbex corporate, s.l. in 2016, we spent $10 million for the acquisitions of thomas daily and certain assets related to the business operations of apartment finder's independent distributors. during 2016, we incurred capital expenditures of approximately $19 million primarily related to computer equipment and leasehold improvements for build out of sales office space.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $480 million compared to net cash used in financing activities of $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and $29 million in december 31, 2015. this $511 million increase from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to $834 million in net proceeds from our equity offering offset by an increase in debt repayments in 2017 of $325 million.
our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, among others, our operating results, expansion and integration efforts, and our level of acquisition activity or other strategic transactions. to date, we have grown in part by acquiring other companies, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions. on january 31, 2017, we acquired westside rentals; on may 10, 2017, we acquired landwatch; and on july 18, 2017, we acquired the screening pros. on february 21, 2018, we completed the acquisition of forrent, a division of dominion enterprises, for approximately $350 million in cash and approximately $35 million in costar group stock, subject to customary working capital and other post-closing adjustments. our future acquisitions may vary in size and could be material to our current operations. we may use cash, stock, debt or other means of funding to make these acquisitions.
on october 19, 2017, the company entered into the ''2017 credit agreement'', which amended and restated in its entirety the existing 2014 credit agreement. the 2017 credit agreement provides for a $750 million revolving credit facility with a term of five years from a syndicate of financial institutions as lenders and issuing banks. the company had not drawn on the 2017 credit agreement as of december 31, 2017.
based on current plans, we believe that our available cash combined with positive cash flow provided by operating activities should be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months.
contractual obligations. the following table summarizes our principal contractual obligations at december 31, 2017 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (in thousands):
total   2018                      2019-2020         2021-2022            thereafter operating leases                                  $178,402             $30,853         $54,061           $47,427               $46,061
purchase obligations(1)                             11,953               4,408           4,615             2,284         646
total contractual principal cash obligations      $190,355             $35,261         $58,676           $49,711               $46,707
57
(1)amounts do not include (i) contracts with terms of twelve months or less, (ii) multi-year contracts that may be terminated by a third-party or us, or (iii) employment agreements. amounts do not include unrecognized tax benefits of $13.4 million due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
58
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the period reported. the following accounting policies involve a "critical accounting estimate" because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by management about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made. in addition, while we have used our best estimates based on facts and circumstances available to us at the time, different acceptable assumptions would yield different results. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, which may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. we review these estimates and assumptions periodically and reflect the effects of revisions in the period that they are determined to be necessary.
valuation of long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill we assess the impairment of long-lived assets, identifiable intangibles and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. judgments made by management relate to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and our ability to recover the carrying value of such assets. the accuracy of these judgments may be adversely affected by several factors, including the factors listed below:
•   significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
•   significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;
•   significant negative industry or economic trends; or
•   significant decline in our market capitalization relative to net book value for a sustained period.
when we determine that the carrying value of long-lived and identifiable intangible assets may not be recovered based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators, we test for impairment.
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets that are not subject to amortization are tested annually for impairment by each reporting unit on october 1 of each year and are also tested for impairment more frequently based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators.
goodwill represents the excess of costs over the fair value of assets of acquired businesses. goodwill is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually by each reporting unit. the company may first assess qualitative factors to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or elect to bypass such assessment. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, or the company elects to bypass such assessment, the company then determines the fair value of each reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on a projected discounted cash flow model that includes significant assumptions and estimates including our discount rate, growth rate and future financial performance. assumptions about the discount rate are based on a weighted average cost of capital for comparable companies. assumptions about the growth rate and future financial performance of a reporting unit are based on our forecasts, business plans, economic projections and anticipated future cash flows. these assumptions are subject to change from period to period and could be adversely impacted by the uncertainty surrounding global market conditions, commercial real estate conditions and the competitive environment in which we operate. changes in these or other factors could negatively affect our reporting units' fair value and potentially result in impairment charges. such impairment charges could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of the reporting unit. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, then an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units based on a projected discounted cash flow method using a discount rate determined by our management to be commensurate with the risk in our current business model. as of october 1, 2017, the date of our most recent impairment analysis, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units substantially exceeded the carrying value of our reporting units. there have been no events or changes in circumstances since the date of our impairment analysis on october 1, 2017, that would indicate that the carrying value of each reporting unit may not be recoverable.
59
revenue recognition we recognize revenues when (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (2) the fee is fixed or determinable, (3) services have been rendered and payment has been contractually earned and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. revenues from subscription-based services are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement. we evaluate our allowance for doubtful accounts and estimate collectability of accounts receivable based on our analysis of historical collection experience, changes in customer payment profiles and the aging of receivable balances, as well as current economic conditions, all of which may affect a customer's ability to pay. a credit reserve has also been established based on historical experience of credits issued to customers to ensure that revenue is recognized appropriately in the current period. deferred revenue results from advance cash receipts from customers or amounts billed in advance to customers from the sale of subscription services and is recognized over the term of the service agreement.
we derive revenues by providing access to our proprietary database of commercial real estate information. we generally charge a fixed monthly amount for our subscription-based services. our subscription-based services consist primarily of information, analytics and online marketplace services offered over the internet to commercial real estate industry and related professionals. subscription contract rates are based on the number of sites, number of users, organization size, the client's business focus, geography, the number and types of services to which a client subscribes, the number of properties a client advertises and the prominence and placement of a client's advertised properties in the search results, as applicable. a majority of the subscription-based service agreements have a term of one year and renew automatically.
we analyze contracts with multiple elements under the accounting guidance for multiple-element arrangements. our multiple-element arrangements include information, analytics and/or online marketplace services that are generally provided to the customer over the same term. when identifying multiple-element arrangements, we consider multiple purchases made by the same customer within a short time frame and assess whether the purchases were negotiated together as one overall arrangement. if a multiple-element arrangement is identified, then the arrangement consideration is allocated among the separate units of accounting based on their relative selling prices, which is estimated considering factors such as historical pricing, pricing strategy, market conditions and other factors. we account for each deliverable in the transaction separately. if the deliverables cannot be separated into multiple units of accounting, then the arrangement consideration is combined and recognition of revenues is determined for the combined unit of accounting. multiple-element transactions require judgment to determine the selling price or fair value of the different elements. the judgments impact the amount of revenues recognized over the term of the contract, as well as the period in which they are recognized.
accounting for income taxes as part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. this process requires us to estimate our current tax exposure and assess the temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as deductibility of certain intangible assets, for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated balance sheets. we must then also assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent we believe that it is more-likely-than not that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, we must establish a valuation allowance. to the extent we establish a valuation allowance or change the allowance in a period, we must reflect the corresponding increase or decrease within the tax provision in the consolidated statements of operations.
we generally recognize the effect of the tax law changes in the period of enactment. changes in existing tax laws and rates, their related interpretations, and the uncertainty generated by the current economic environment may affect the amounts of our deferred tax liabilities or the valuations of our deferred tax assets over time. our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents management's best estimate of future events that can be appropriately reflected in the accounting estimates. in accordance with sec staff accounting bulletin 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act, we report provisional amounts if we are able to determine a reasonable estimate but do not have the necessary information available, prepared, and analyzed in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for tax reform. we may revise our estimates as we finalize our accounting during a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment of tax reform.
60
stock-based compensation we account for equity instruments issued in exchange for employee services using a fair-value based method and we recognize the fair value of such equity instruments as an expense in the consolidated statements of operations. we estimate the fair value of each option granted on the date of grant using the black-scholes option-pricing model, which requires us to estimate the dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected life of the stock option. for equity instruments that vest based on a market condition, we estimate the fair value of each equity instrument granted on the date of grant using a monte-carlo simulation model, which also requires us to estimate the dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected life of the equity instruments. these assumptions and the estimation of expected forfeitures are based on multiple factors, including historical employee behavior patterns of exercising options and post-employment termination behavior, expected future employee option exercise patterns, and the historical volatility of our stock price. for equity instruments that vest based on performance, we assess the probability of the achievement of the performance conditions at the end of each reporting period, or more frequently based upon the occurrence of events that may change the probability of whether the performance conditions would be met. if our initial estimates of the achievement of the performance conditions change, the related stock-based compensation expense and timing of recognition may fluctuate from period to period based on those estimates. if the performance conditions are not met, no stock-based compensation expense will be recognized, and any previously recognized stock-based compensation expense will be reversed.
we do not expect any material changes in the near term to the underlying assumptions used to calculate stock-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2017. however, if changes in these assumptions occur, and, should those changes be significant, they could have a material impact on our stock-based compensation expense.
business combinations we allocate the purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customer bases, acquired database technology, and acquired trade names from a market participant's perspective, useful lives and discount rates. during the measurement period, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. any adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period are recorded in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
fair value of auction rate securities fair value is defined as the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. there is a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which categorizes assets and liabilities by the inputs used in measuring fair value. these tiers include: level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and level 3, defined as unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. our level 3 assets consist of auction rate securities ("ars"), whose underlying assets are primarily student loan securities supported by guarantees from the federal family education loan program ("ffelp") of the u.s. department of education.
our ars investments are not currently actively trading and therefore do not currently have a readily determinable market value. the estimated fair value of the ars no longer approximates par value. we have used a discounted cash flow model to determine the estimated fair value of our investment in ars as of december 31, 2017. the assumptions used in preparing the discounted cash flow model include estimates for interest rates, credit spreads, timing and amount of contractual cash flows, liquidity risk premiums, expected holding periods and default risk of the ars. we update the discounted cash flow model on a quarterly basis to reflect any changes in the assumptions used in the model and settlements of ars investments that occurred during the period.
the only significant unobservable input in the discounted cash flow model is the discount rate. the discount rate used represents our estimate of the yield expected by a market participant from the ars investments. the weighted average discount rate used in the discounted cash flow model as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately 6% and 5%, respectively. selecting another discount rate within the range used in the discounted cash flow model would not result in a significant change to the fair value of the ars.
61
based on this assessment of fair value, as of december 31, 2017, we determined there was a net decline in the fair value of our ars investments of approximately $730,000. the decline was deemed to be a temporary impairment and recorded as an unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. if the issuers of these ars are unable to successfully close future auctions and/or their credit ratings deteriorate, we may be required to record additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to determine the fair value of the ars. we do not expect any material changes in the near term to the underlying assumptions used to determine the unobservable inputs used to calculate the fair value of the ars as of december 31, 2017. however, if changes in these assumptions occur, and, should those changes be significant, we may be exposed to additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments.
recent accounting pronouncements in march 2016, the fasb issued authoritative guidance to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification of share-based payment transactions on the statement of cash flows. effective the first quarter of 2017, the company adopted the standard, which impacted our 2017 net income because excess tax benefits, which were previously reflected in additional paid in capital, are now reflected in income tax expense. the significance of the impact will depend on the intrinsic value at the time of vesting or exercise of equity instruments.
in january 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-04, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350: simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, which is designed to simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. the guidance indicates that an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. this guidance is effective on a prospective basis for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period. early application is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after january 1, 2017. the company early adopted this guidance during the first quarter of 2017 and the early adoption did not have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
62
see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption.
