item 1a. risk factors general references to "eqr" mean equity residential, a maryland real estate investment trust ("reit"), and references to "erpop" mean erp operating limited partnership, an illinois limited partnership.  unless otherwise indicated, when used in this section, the terms "company," "we," "us" or "our" mean collectively eqr, erpop and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by eqr and/or erpop and the term "operating partnership" means collectively erpop and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by erpop.  this item 1a. includes forward-looking statements.  you should refer to
8
our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements included in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as "shares"), preference units, op units, restricted units and our public unsecured debt.  in this section, we refer to the shares, preference units, op units, restricted units and public unsecured debt together as our "securities" and the investors who own such securities as our "security holders".
our performance and securities value are subject to risks associated with the real estate industry.
general real estate investments are subject to varying degrees of risk and are relatively illiquid.  numerous factors may adversely affect the economic performance and value of our properties and the ability to realize that value.  these factors include changes in the global, national, regional and local political and economic climates, local conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties or a reduction in demand for our multifamily properties, the attractiveness of our properties to residents, competition from other multifamily properties and single family homes (both as rentals and owned housing) and changes in market rental rates.  our performance also depends on our ability to collect rent from residents and to pay for adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, all of which could increase over time.  besides utilities, we are generally not able to pass through to our residents under existing leases any other operating expenses, including real estate taxes.  these operating expenses could rise faster than our revenues causing our income to decline.  in circumstances where we buy or sell properties, including large portfolios of properties, overhead (property management expense and general and administrative expense) may not increase/decrease proportionally with the associated changes in revenue.  costs of labor and materials required for maintenance, repair, capital expenditure or development may be more expensive than anticipated.  also, the expenses of owning and operating a property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the property.
we may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire.
when our residents decide to leave our apartments, we may not be able to relet their apartment units.  even if the residents do renew or we can relet the apartment units, the terms of renewal or reletting may be less favorable than current lease terms.  if we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the apartment units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected.  if residents do not experience increases in their income, we may be unable to increase rent and/or delinquencies may increase.  occupancy levels and market rents may be adversely affected by national and local political, economic and market conditions including, without limitation, new construction and excess inventory of multifamily and owned housing/condominiums, increasing portions of owned housing/condominium stock being converted to rental use, rental housing subsidized by the government, other government programs that favor single family rental housing or owner occupied housing over multifamily rental housing, governmental regulations, slow or negative employment growth and household formation, the availability of low-interest mortgages or the availability of mortgages requiring little or no down payment for single family home buyers, changes in social preferences and the potential for geopolitical instability, all of which are beyond our control.  finally, the federal government's policies, many of which may encourage home ownership, can increase competition, possibly limit our ability to raise rents in our markets and lower the value of our properties.  consequently, our cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to security holders could be reduced.
the retail/commercial space (including parking garages) at our properties primarily serves as an additional amenity for our residents and neighbors.  the long-term nature of our retail/commercial leases (generally five to ten years with market based renewal options) and the characteristics of many of our retail/commercial tenants (generally small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks.  we may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or for market rates.  also, when leases for our existing retail/commercial space expire, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms.  our properties compete with other properties with retail/commercial space.  the presence of competitive alternatives may affect our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain.  if our retail/commercial tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.  the revenues from our retail/commercial space represent approximately 4.6% of our total rental income.
9
changes in rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations and eviction laws and regulations in our markets could have an adverse effect on our operations and property values.
various state and local governments have enacted and may continue to enact rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions which could limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees such as pet fees or application fees.  we have seen a recent increase in governments considering or being urged by advocacy groups to consider rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations.  for example, california may have a ballot measure in november 2018 that would seek to repeal an existing state law that limits the ability of local governments to enact some forms of rent control.  depending on the extent and terms of future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations, as well as any lawsuits against the company arising from such issues, such future enactments could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations and the value of our properties.
state and local governments may also make changes to eviction and other tenants' rights laws and regulations that could have an adverse impact on our operations and property values.  under current laws and regulations, eviction proceedings for delinquent residents are already costly and time-consuming, especially in markets like new york where housing courts are backlogged.  if we are restricted from releasing apartment units due to the inability to evict delinquent residents, our results of operations and property values may be adversely impacted.
we have increased our concentration of properties in our coastal gateway markets, which could have an adverse effect on our operations if a particular market is adversely affected by economic or other conditions.
over approximately the past ten years, the company has exited its non-core markets as part of its strategy to reposition its portfolio, leaving the company highly concentrated in its urban and high-density suburban coastal gateway markets.  if any one or more of these markets (boston, new york, washington d.c., southern california, san francisco and seattle) is adversely affected by local or regional economic conditions (such as business layoffs, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors), local real estate conditions (such as oversupply of or reduced demand for multifamily properties) or localized environmental issues or natural disasters, such conditions may have an increased adverse impact on our results of operations than if our portfolio were more geographically diverse.
because real estate investments are illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate.
real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly.  we may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio promptly in response to economic or other conditions.  we may be unable to consummate such dispositions in a timely manner, on attractive terms, or at all.  this inability to reallocate our capital promptly could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to make distributions to our security holders.
new acquisitions, development projects and/or renovations may fail to perform as expected and competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties that we would like to acquire.
we intend to actively acquire, develop and renovate multifamily properties for rental operations as market conditions dictate.  we may also acquire multifamily properties that are unoccupied or in the early stages of lease-up.  we may be unable to lease these apartment properties on schedule, resulting in decreases in expected rental revenues and/or lower yields due to lower occupancy and rental rates as well as higher than expected concessions or higher than expected operating expenses.  we may not be able to achieve rents that are consistent with expectations for acquired, developed or renovated properties.  we may underestimate the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for its intended market position, to complete a development property or to complete a renovation.  additionally, we expect that other real estate investors with capital will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts.  this competition (or lack thereof) may increase (or depress) prices for multifamily properties.  we may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms.  we have acquired in the past and intend to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties, including large portfolios of properties, that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure.  the total number of apartment units under development, costs of development and estimated completion dates are subject to uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions (such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local government regulation.
in connection with such government regulation, we may incur liability if our properties are not constructed and operated in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the americans with disabilities act, the fair housing act or other federal, state or local requirements.  noncompliance could result in fines, subject us to lawsuits and require us to remediate or repair the noncompliance.
10
development and construction risks could affect our profitability.
we intend to continue to develop multifamily properties.  these activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban and close-in suburban areas.  we may abandon opportunities (including land that we have optioned for purchase) that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses or option payments already incurred in exploring those opportunities.  the occupancy rates and rents at a property may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing properties.  we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities.
we own certain properties subject to ground leases that may limit our use of the properties, restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us, terminated or lapse.
the company owns the building and improvements and leases the land underlying the improvements under several long-term ground leases.  these ground leases may impose limitations on our use of the properties, restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties.  these restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties' value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable residents for the properties.  in addition, we could lose our interests in the properties if the ground leases are breached by us, terminated or lapse.  as we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease without an extension in place.  certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority regarding major decisions, our reliance on our joint venture partners' financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners.
we currently do and may continue in the future to develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with other persons or entities when we believe circumstances warrant the use of such structures.  we have several joint ventures with other real estate investors.  joint venture investments involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following:
•   our joint venture partners might experience financial distress, become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, which may delay construction or development of a property or increase our financial commitment to the joint venture;

•   we may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses;

•   our joint venture partners may have business interests or goals with respect to a property that conflict with our business interests and goals, which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the property;

•   we may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any property owned by the joint venture, such as the sale or financing of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the property;

•   our joint venture partners may take actions that we oppose;

•   our ability to sell or transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted without prior consent of our joint venture partners;

•   we may disagree with our joint venture partners about decisions affecting a property or the joint venture, which could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and

•   we may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments.

at times we have entered into agreements providing for joint and several liability with our partners.  we also have in the past and could choose in the future to guarantee part of or all of certain joint venture debt.  frequently, we and our partners may
11
each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partners' interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction.  any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate and recognize attractive returns on our joint venture investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and distributions to our shareholders.
several of the assets we acquired in the archstone transaction along with certain preferred interests acquired in joint ventures as part of the archstone transaction, as well as certain other tax protected properties we have acquired over the years, are subject to tax protection agreements, which could limit our flexibility with respect to our ownership of such assets or cause us to incur material costs.
several of the assets we acquired from archstone enterprise lp ("archstone") in february 2013 are subject to various agreements limiting the ability of the owner of the property to take actions that would trigger income tax liability for the contributing owner of the property, including a taxable disposition of the property.  we assumed these obligations upon the completion of the archstone transaction.  in addition, we will also be required to maintain a certain amount of qualified nonrecourse financing on the tax protected properties during their respective restricted periods.  our obligations relating to these tax protected properties (as well as certain other tax protected properties we have acquired over the years) may affect the way in which we conduct our business, including whether, when and under what circumstances we sell properties or interests therein and the timing and nature of our financings and refinancing transactions.  as a result, we may not be able to dispose of or refinance the tax protected properties when to do so may have otherwise been favorable to us and our shareholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  certain preferred interests acquired in joint ventures as part of the archstone transaction have complex tax requirements that, if violated, may cause us to be required to indemnify the preferred shareholders or our joint venture partner for certain tax protection costs.
changes in market conditions and volatility of share prices could adversely affect the market price of our common shares.
the stock markets, including the new york stock exchange, on which we list our common shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations over time.  as a result, the market price of our common shares could be similarly volatile, and investors in our common shares may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects.  the market price of our common shares may decline or fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, including but not limited to the following:
•   general political, market and economic conditions;

•   actual or anticipated variations in our guidance, quarterly operating results or dividends;

•   changes in our net operating income ("noi"), earnings, funds from operations ("ffo") or normalized ffo estimates;

•   difficulties or inability to access capital or extend or refinance debt;

•   large portfolio acquisitions or dispositions;

•   decreasing (or uncertainty in) real estate valuations;

•   rising crime rates in markets where our primarily urban and close-in suburban portfolio is concentrated;

•   a change in analyst and/or credit ratings;

•   adverse market reaction to any additional debt we incur in the future;

•   governmental regulatory action, including changes or proposed changes to rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations and the mandates of fannie mae or freddie mac, and changes in tax laws;

•   the payment of any special dividends;

•   the issuance of additional common shares, or the perception that such issuances might occur, including under eqr's at-the-market ("atm") share offering program;

•   the resale of substantial amounts of our common shares, or the anticipation of the resale of such shares, by large holders of our securities; and

•   the repurchase of common shares, or the perception that such repurchases might occur, through the company's share repurchase program, especially if those repurchases are funded using additional debt as opposed to existing cash flow from operations.

12
issuances or sales of our common shares may be dilutive.
the issuance or sale of substantial amounts of our common shares, whether directly by us or in the secondary market, the perception that such issuances or sales of our common shares could occur or the availability for future issuance or sale of our common shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common shares could have a dilutive effect on our actual and expected earnings per share, ffo per share and normalized ffo per share.  the actual amount of dilution cannot be determined at this time and would be dependent upon numerous factors which are not currently known to us.
we may not have sufficient cash flows from operations after capital expenditures to cover our distributions and our dividend policy may lead to quicker dividend reductions.
we generally consider our cash flows provided by operating activities after capital expenditures to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payment of regular distributions to our security holders.  however, whether due to changes in the dividend policy or otherwise, there may be times when we experience shortfalls in our coverage of distributions, which may cause us to consider reducing our distributions and/or using the proceeds from property dispositions or additional financing transactions to make up the difference.  should these shortfalls occur for lengthy periods of time or be material in nature, our financial condition may be adversely affected and we may not be able to maintain our current distribution levels.  see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, for additional discussion regarding our dividend policy.
the value of investment securities could result in losses to the company.
from time to time, the company holds investment securities and/or cash investments that have various levels of repayment and liquidity risk, including government obligations and bond funds, money market funds or bank deposits.  on occasion we also may purchase securities of companies in our own industry as a means to invest funds.  there may be times when we experience declines in the value of these investment securities, which may result in losses to the company and our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.  sometimes the cash we deposit at a bank substantially exceeds the fdic insurance limit or we invest cash in money market or similar type funds with investment management institutions that may be subject to, now or in the future, liquidity and/or withdrawal restrictions, resulting in risk to the company of loss or lack of immediate availability of funds if these banks or institutions fail to meet their obligations.
any weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our share price.
section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting.  if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our share price.
the occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our reputation and business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.
a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, including information regarding our residents, prospective residents, employees and employees' dependents.
despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems and systems maintained by third party vendors with which we do business are vulnerable to damage from any number of sources.  we face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, phishing attempts or other scams, persons inside our organization or persons/vendors with access to our systems and other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems.  our information technology networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations.  even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected.  accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk.
we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing activities, and we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our employees and their dependents.  in
13
addition, we engage third party service providers that may have access to such personally identifiable information in connection with providing necessary information technology and security and other business services to us.  although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information technology networks and related systems and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging.
we address potential breaches or disclosure of this confidential personally identifiable information by implementing a variety of security measures intended to protect the confidentiality and security of this information including (among others):  (a) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems; (b) conducting periodic testing and verification of information and data security systems, including performing ethical hacks of our systems to discover where any vulnerabilities may exist; and (c) providing periodic employee awareness training around phishing and other scams, malware and other cyber risks.  we also maintain cyber risk insurance to provide some coverage for certain risks arising out of data and network breaches (see further discussion on cyber risk insurance below).  however, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent a cyber incident or that our cyber risk insurance coverage will be sufficient in the event of a cyber incident.
a breach or significant and extended disruption in the function of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose residents and revenues, generate third party claims, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personally identifiable and confidential information and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues.  we may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers, our insurers or any other responsible parties.  as a result, there can be no assurance that our financial results would not be adversely impacted.
litigation risk could affect our business.
we may become involved in legal proceedings, including but not limited to, proceedings related to consumer, shareholder, securities, employment, environmental, development, condominium conversion, tort, eviction and commercial legal issues (any of which could result in a class action lawsuit) that, if decided adversely to or settled by us, could result in liability material to our financial condition or results of operations.
environmental problems are possible and can be costly.
federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at such property.  the owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination.  these laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants.  even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred.  in addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site.
substantially all of our properties have been the subject of environmental assessments completed by qualified independent environmental consulting companies.  while these environmental assessments have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that our management believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, there can be no assurance that we will not incur such liabilities in the future.
we are aware that some of our properties have lead paint and have implemented an operations and maintenance program at each of those properties.  while we do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of the presence of lead paint at our properties, there can be no assurance that we will not incur such liabilities in the future.
there have been a number of lawsuits against owners and managers of multifamily properties alleging personal injury and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real estate.  while we have adopted programs designed to minimize the existence of mold in any of our properties as well as guidelines for promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold to minimize any impact mold might have on our residents or the property, should mold become an issue in the future, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
14
we cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our properties did not create a material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any of our properties.
insurance policies can be costly and may not cover all losses, which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
as of december 31, 2017, the company's property insurance policies provide for a per occurrence deductible of $250,000.  earthquake losses are subject to a 2% deductible in the state of washington and a 5% deductible in california, applied to the values of the buildings involved in the loss.  the company also typically self-insures a substantial portion of the first $50 million of a property loss in excess of these base deductibles.  should a claim exceed these amounts, it would be 100% covered by insurance.  furthermore, the company purchased additional coverage in the event that the company suffers multiple non-catastrophic occurrences with losses from $25 million to $50 million within the same policy year.  the company's general liability and worker's compensation policies at december 31, 2017 provide for a $2.0 million and $1.0 million per occurrence deductible, respectively.  these higher deductible and self-insured retention amounts do expose the company to greater potential for uninsured losses.  the company also has become more susceptible to large losses as it has transformed its portfolio, becoming more concentrated in fewer, more valuable assets over a smaller geographical footprint.  furthermore, the potential impact of climate change, increased severe weather or earthquakes could cause a significant increase in insurance premiums and deductibles, or a decrease in the availability of coverage, either of which could expose the company to even greater uninsured losses which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
the company also has $750.0 million in terrorism insurance coverage, with a $100,000 deductible.  this coverage excludes losses from nuclear, biological and chemical attacks.  in the event of a terrorist attack impacting one or more of our properties, we could lose the revenues from the property, our capital investment in the property and possibly face liability claims from residents or others suffering injuries or losses.
as of december 31, 2017, the company's cyber liability insurance policy provides for a $5.0 million policy aggregate limit and a per occurrence deductible of $250,000.  cyber liability insurance generally covers costs associated with the wrongful release, through inadvertent breach or network attack, of personally identifiable information such as social security or credit card numbers.   this cyber policy would cover the cost of victim notification, credit monitoring and other crisis response expenses.
the company relies on third party insurance providers for its property, general liability and worker's compensation insurance.  while there has yet to be any non-performance by these major insurance providers, should any of them experience liquidity issues or other financial distress, it could negatively impact the company.  in addition, the company annually assesses its insurance needs based on the cost of coverage and other factors.  we may choose to self insure a greater portion of this risk in the future or may choose to have higher deductibles or lesser policy terms.
damage from catastrophic weather and other natural events and climate change could result in losses to the company.
certain of our properties are located in areas that may experience catastrophic weather and other natural events from time to time, including fires, snow or ice storms, windstorms or hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding or other severe weather.  these adverse weather and natural events could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which could exceed our insurance coverage.  in the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property.  we could also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property.  any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations.
to the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions.  should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including destruction of our properties, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
in addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue.
15
the inability of lehman to fulfill its indemnification obligations to us under the purchase agreement for the archstone transaction could increase our liabilities and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition to certain indemnification obligations of each party to the purchase agreement for the archstone transaction relating to breaches of fundamental representations and warranties and breaches of covenants and certain other specified matters, we negotiated as a term in the purchase agreement that lehman brothers holdings inc. ("lehman") retain responsibility for and indemnify us against damages resulting from certain third-party claims or other liabilities.  these third-party claims and other liabilities include, without limitation, costs associated with various litigation matters.  lehman filed for bankruptcy protection under chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code in september 2008 and is currently in the process of post-petition liquidation.  if lehman completes its liquidation prior to the termination of their indemnity obligations to us under the purchase agreement, or otherwise distributes substantially all of its assets to its creditors prior to such time, lehman may not be able to satisfy its obligations with respect to claims and retained liabilities covered by the purchase agreement.  the failure of lehman to satisfy such obligations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition because claimants may successfully assert that we are liable for those claims and/or retained liabilities.  in addition, certain obligations of lehman to indemnify us terminated upon expiration of the applicable indemnification period (generally no more than four years following the closing or february 27, 2017).  the assertion of third-party claims after the expiration of the applicable indemnification period, or the failure of lehman to satisfy its indemnification obligations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
non-performance by our operating counterparties could adversely affect our performance.
we have relationships with and, from time to time, we execute transactions with or receive services from many counterparties.  as a result, defaults by counterparties could result in services not being provided, or volatility in the financial markets could affect counterparties' ability to complete transactions with us as intended, both of which could result in disruptions to our operations that may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
debt financing and preferred shares/preference units could adversely affect our performance.
general please refer to item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, for the company's debt summaries as of december 31, 2017.
in addition to debt, we have a liquidation value of $37.3 million of outstanding preferred shares of beneficial interest/preference units with a dividend preference of 8.29% per annum as of december 31, 2017.  our use of debt and preferred equity financing creates certain risks, including the following:
disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to obtain debt financing and impact our acquisitions and dispositions.
dislocations and liquidity disruptions in capital and credit markets could impact liquidity in the debt markets, resulting in financing terms that are less attractive to us and/or the unavailability of certain types of debt financing.  should the capital and credit markets experience volatility and the availability of funds again become limited, or be available only on unattractive terms, we will incur increased costs associated with issuing debt instruments.  in addition, it is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets may be limited or precluded by these or other factors at a time when we would like, or need, to do so, which would adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt and/or react to changing economic and business conditions.  uncertainty in the credit markets could negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions and make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing.  potential continued disruptions in the financial markets could also have other unknown adverse effects on us or the economy generally and may cause the price of our securities to fluctuate significantly and/or to decline.
potential reforms to fannie mae and freddie mac could adversely affect our performance.
through their lender originator networks, fannie mae and freddie mac (the "government sponsored enterprises" or "gses") are significant lenders and enhancers of tax-exempt bonds both to the company and to buyers of the company's properties.  the gses have a mandate to support multifamily housing through their financing activities.  any changes to their mandates, reductions in their size or the scale of their activities or loss of key personnel could have an impact on the company and may, among other things, lead to lower values for our assets and higher interest rates on our secured borrowings.  disruptions in the floating rate tax-exempt bond market (where interest rates reset weekly) and in the credit market's perception of the gses, which guarantee and provide liquidity for many of these bonds, have been experienced in the past and may be experienced in the future and could result in an increase in interest rates on our tax-exempt debt obligations.  these bonds could
16
also be put to our consolidated subsidiaries if the gses fail to satisfy their guaranty obligations.  while this obligation is in almost all cases non-recourse to us, this could cause the company to have to repay these obligations on short notice or risk foreclosure actions on the collateralized assets.
non-performance by our financial counterparties could adversely affect our performance.
although we have not experienced any material counterparty non-performance, disruptions in financial and credit markets could, among other things, impede the ability of our counterparties to perform on their contractual obligations.  there are multiple financial institutions that are individually committed to lend us varying amounts as part of our revolving credit facility.  should any of these institutions fail to fund their committed amounts when contractually required, our financial condition could be adversely affected.  should several of these institutions fail to fund, we could experience significant financial distress.
a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our performance.
a significant downgrade in our credit ratings, while not affecting our ability to draw proceeds under the revolving credit facility, would cause our borrowing costs to increase under the revolving credit facility, impact our ability to borrow secured and unsecured debt, impair our ability to access the commercial paper market or otherwise limit our access to capital.  in addition, a downgrade below investment grade would require us to post cash collateral and/or letters of credit in favor of some of our secured lenders to cover our self-insured property and liability insurance deductibles or to obtain lower deductible insurance compliant with the lenders' requirements at the lower ratings level.
scheduled debt payments could adversely affect our financial condition.
in the future, our cash flow could be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest or to pay distributions on our securities at expected levels.
we may not be able to refinance existing debt, including joint venture indebtedness (which in virtually all cases requires substantial principal payments at maturity) and, if we can, the terms of such refinancing might not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness.  if principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced, extended or paid with proceeds of other capital transactions, such as new equity capital, our operating cash flow will not be sufficient in all years to repay all maturing debt.  as a result, certain of our other debt may cross default, we may be forced to postpone capital expenditures necessary for the maintenance of our properties, we may have to dispose of one or more properties on terms that would otherwise be unacceptable to us or we may be forced to allow the mortgage holder to foreclose on a property.  foreclosure on mortgaged properties or an inability to refinance existing indebtedness would likely have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
please refer to item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, for the company's debt maturity schedule as of december 31, 2017.
financial covenants could adversely affect the company's financial condition.
the mortgages on our properties may contain customary negative covenants that, among other things, limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to further mortgage the property and to reduce or change insurance coverage.  in addition, our revolving credit facility contains certain restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur debt.  the indentures under which a substantial portion of our unsecured debt was issued also contain certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, maintenance of certain financial ratios, as well as limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured debt (including acquisition financing), and to sell all or substantially all of our assets.  our revolving credit facility and indentures are cross-defaulted and also contain cross default provisions with other material debt.  while the company believes it was in compliance with its unsecured public debt covenants for both the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, should it fall out of compliance, it would likely have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
some of the properties were financed with tax-exempt bonds or otherwise contain certain restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, including affordability requirements.  the company, and from time to time its consultants, monitor compliance with the restrictive covenants and deed restrictions that affect these properties.  if these compliance requirements restrict our ability to increase our rental rates to low or moderate-income residents, or eligible/qualified residents, then our income from these properties may be limited.  while we generally believe that the interest rate benefit attendant to properties with tax-exempt bonds more than outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case.  some of these requirements are complex and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities.
17
our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing.
our degree of leverage could have important consequences to security holders.  for example, the degree of leverage could affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes, making us more vulnerable to a downturn in business or the economy in general.  our consolidated debt-to-total market capitalization ratio was 26.9% as of december 31, 2017.  in addition, our most restrictive unsecured public debt covenants are as follows:
december 31, 2017         december 31, 2016

total debt to adjusted total assets (not to exceed 60%)                           34.6   %                  35.4   %
secured debt to adjusted total assets (not to exceed 40%)                         14.0   %                  16.2   %
consolidated income available for debt service to maximum annual service charges (must be at least 1.5 to 1)                        4.17                      3.73
total unsecured assets to unsecured debt (must be at least 150%)                 381.0   %                 390.8   %
rising interest rates could adversely affect our operations and cash flows.
the company's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to the refinancing of its long-term debt and floating interest rate instruments that include its unsecured revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, floating rate tax-exempt debt and fair value hedges that convert fixed rate debt to floating rate debt.  these exposures to interest rates are primarily driven by changes in long-term u.s. treasury rates for refinancing activity, changes in short-term london interbank offered rate ("libor") borrowing rates and the securities industry and financial markets association ("sifma") index for floating rate debt and changes in commercial paper market conditions.  increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense under these debt instruments and would increase the costs of refinancing existing debt and of issuing new debt.  accordingly, higher interest rates could adversely affect our operations and cash flows and our ability to service our debt and make distributions to security holders.
derivatives and hedging activity could adversely affect cash flow.
in the normal course of business, we use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility on debt instruments, including hedging for future debt issuances.  at other times we may utilize derivatives to increase our exposure to floating interest rates.  we may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of our business.  there can be no assurance that these hedging arrangements will have the desired beneficial impact.  these arrangements, which can include a number of counterparties, may expose us to additional risks, including failure of any of our counterparties to perform under these contracts, and may involve extensive costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate them.  no strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate or commodity pricing fluctuations.
we depend on our key personnel.
we depend on the efforts of the chairman of our board of trustees, samuel zell, and our executive officers, particularly david j. neithercut, our president and chief executive officer ("ceo").  if they resign or otherwise cease to be employed by us, our operations could be temporarily adversely affected.  mr. zell has entered into retirement benefit and noncompetition agreements with the company.
shareholders' ability to effect changes in control of the company is limited.
provisions of our declaration of trust and bylaws could inhibit changes in control.
certain provisions of our declaration of trust and bylaws may delay or prevent a change in control of the company or other transactions that could provide the security holders with a premium over the then-prevailing market price of their securities or which might otherwise be in the best interest of our security holders.  this includes the 5% ownership limit described below.  while our existing preferred shares/preference units do not have these provisions, any future series of preferred shares/preference units may have certain voting provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders.  our bylaws require certain information to be provided by any security holder, or persons acting in concert with such security holder, who proposes business or a nominee at an annual meeting of shareholders, including disclosure of information related to hedging activities and investment strategies with respect to our securities.  these requirements could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders.
18
we have a share ownership limit for reit tax purposes.
to remain qualified as a reit for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any year.  to facilitate maintenance of our reit qualification, our declaration of trust, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits ownership by any single shareholder of more than 5% of the lesser of the number or value of any outstanding class of common or preferred shares.  we refer to this restriction as the "ownership limit." absent any exemption or waiver granted by our board of trustees, securities acquired or held in violation of the ownership limit will be transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the security holder's rights to distributions and to vote would terminate.  a transfer of shares may be void if it causes a person to violate the ownership limit.  the ownership limit could delay or prevent a change in control and, therefore, could adversely affect our security holders' ability to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price for their shares.  to reduce the ability of the board to use the ownership limit as an anti-takeover device, the company's ownership limit requires, rather than permits, the board to grant a waiver of the ownership limit if the individual seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the company's status as a reit.  we have issued several of these waivers in the past.
our preferred shares may affect changes in control.
our declaration of trust authorizes the board of trustees to issue up to 100 million preferred shares, and to establish the preferences and rights (including the right to vote and the right to convert into common shares) of any preferred shares issued.  the board of trustees may use its powers to issue preferred shares and to set the terms of such securities to delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even if a change in control were in the interest of security holders.
inapplicability of maryland law limiting certain changes in control.
certain provisions of maryland law applicable to real estate investment trusts prohibit "business combinations" (including certain issuances of equity securities) with any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of outstanding securities, or with an affiliate who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting securities (an "interested shareholder"), or with an affiliate of an interested shareholder.  these prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder.  after the five-year period, a business combination with an interested shareholder must be approved by two super-majority shareholder votes unless, among other conditions, holders of common shares receive a minimum price for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested shareholder for its common shares.  as permitted by maryland law, however, the board of trustees of the company has opted out of these restrictions with respect to any business combination involving mr. zell and certain of his affiliates and persons acting in concert with them.  consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote requirements will not apply to a business combination involving us and/or any of them.  such business combinations may not be in the best interest of our security holders.
our status as a reit is dependent on compliance with federal income tax requirements.
our failure to qualify as a reit would have serious adverse consequences to our security holders.
we believe that we have qualified for taxation as a reit for federal income tax purposes since our taxable year ended december 31, 1992 based, in part, upon opinions of tax counsel received whenever we have issued equity securities or engaged in significant merger transactions.  we plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a reit.  many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex.  we cannot, therefore, guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a reit in the future.  the determination that we are a reit requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control.  for example, to qualify as a reit, our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the reit tax laws.  we are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90% of our reit taxable income excluding net capital gains.  the fact that we hold our assets through the operating partnership further complicates the application of the reit requirements.  in addition, certain of our subsidiary entities have elected to be taxed as reits.  as such, each must separately satisfy all of the requirements to qualify for reit status.  our failure to comply with the complex reit rules at the subsidiary reit level can materially and adversely impact eqr's reit status.
even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our reit status; however, the reit qualification rules permit reits in certain circumstances to pay a monetary penalty for inadvertent mistakes rather than lose reit status.  there is also risk that congress and the irs might make changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts might issue new rulings that make it more difficult, or impossible, for us to remain qualified as a reit.  we do not believe, however, that any pending or proposed tax law changes would jeopardize our reit status.
19
if we fail to qualify as a reit, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates.  also, unless the irs granted us relief under certain statutory provisions, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a reit for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a reit.  if we fail to qualify as a reit, we would have to pay significant income taxes.  we therefore would have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders.  this would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our securities.  in addition, we would no longer be required to make any distributions to security holders.  even if we qualify as a reit, we are and will continue to be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property.  in addition, various business activities which generate income that is not qualifying income for a reit are conducted through taxable reit subsidiaries and will be subject to federal and state income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent they generate taxable income.
the effect of the tax act is uncertain.
on december 22, 2017, the president signed into law h.r. 1, informally titled the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), with most provisions having an initial effective date of january 1, 2018.  the tax act makes major changes to the internal revenue code, as amended, including several provisions that may affect the taxation of reits and their security holders.  the tax act is not expected to have a material impact on our reit or subsidiary entities, the size and character of our dividends, our ability to continue to qualify as a reit or on our results of operations.  in addition, the tax act is expected to have a favorable impact on the effective tax rate of our shareholders and our residents.  however, the complete impact of the tax act is not yet fully known and there can be no assurances that it will have a neutral or favorable impact.  technical corrections or other amendments to the tax act or administrative guidance interpreting the tax act may be forthcoming at any time.  prospective and current shareholders should consult with their tax advisors with respect to the effect of the tax act and any other regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on your investment.
we could be disqualified as a reit or have to pay taxes if our merger partners did not qualify as reits.
if any of our prior merger partners had failed to qualify as a reit throughout the duration of their existence, then they might have had undistributed "subchapter c corporation earnings and profits" at the time of their merger with us.  if that were the case and we did not distribute those earnings and profits prior to the end of the year in which the merger took place, we might not qualify as a reit.  we believe, based in part upon opinions of legal counsel received pursuant to the terms of our merger agreements as well as our own investigations, among other things, that each of our prior merger partners qualified as a reit and that, in any event, none of them had any undistributed "subchapter c corporation earnings and profits" at the time of their merger with us.  if any of our prior merger partners failed to qualify as a reit, an additional concern would be that they could have been required to recognize taxable gain at the time they merged with us.  we would be liable for the tax on such gain.  we also could have to pay corporate income tax on any gain existing at the time of the applicable merger on assets acquired in the merger if the assets are sold within ten years of the merger.
compliance with reit distribution requirements may affect our financial condition and our shareholders' liquidity.
distribution requirements may limit our flexibility to manage our portfolio.
we may be required from time to time, under certain circumstances, to accrue as income for tax purposes interest and rent earned but not yet received.  we may incur a reduction in tax depreciation without a reduction in capital expenditures.  provisions of the tax act may require that we depreciate existing assets over a 30-year or potentially a 40-year useful life, which may substantially increase our taxable income.  in addition, gain from the sale of property may exceed the amount of cash received on a leverage-neutral basis.  a substantial increase to our taxable income may reduce the flexibility of the company to manage its portfolio through dispositions of properties in non-1031 exchange transactions or cause the company to borrow funds or liquidate investments on adverse terms in order to meet these distribution requirements.
tax elections regarding distributions may impact future liquidity of the company or our shareholders.
under certain circumstances we have made and/or may consider making again in the future, a tax election to treat future distributions to shareholders as distributions in the current year.  this election, which is provided for in the internal revenue code, may allow us to avoid increasing our dividends or paying additional income taxes in the current year.  however, this could result in a constraint on our ability to decrease our dividends in future years without creating risk of either violating the reit distribution requirements or generating additional income tax liability.
the internal revenue service has published several rulings that allow reits to offer shareholders the choice of stock or cash with respect to the receipt of a dividend (an "elective stock dividend").  however, reits are also permitted to limit the amount of cash paid to all shareholders to 20% of the total dividend paid.  therefore, it is possible that the total tax burden to shareholders resulting from an elective stock dividend may exceed the amount of cash received by the shareholder.
20
federal income tax considerations general the following discussion summarizes the federal income tax considerations material to a holder of common shares.  it is not exhaustive of all possible tax considerations.  for example, it does not give a detailed discussion of any state, local or foreign tax considerations.  the following discussion also does not address all tax matters that may be relevant to prospective shareholders in light of their particular circumstances.  moreover, it does not address all tax matters that may be relevant to shareholders who are subject to special treatment under the tax laws, such as insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, financial institutions or broker-dealers, foreign corporations, persons who are not citizens or residents of the united states and persons who own shares through a partnership or other entity treated as a flow-through entity for federal income tax purposes.
the specific tax attributes of a particular shareholder could have a material impact on the tax considerations associated with the purchase, ownership and disposition of common shares.  therefore, it is essential that each prospective shareholder consult with his or her own tax advisors with regard to the application of the federal income tax laws to the shareholder's personal tax situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign taxing jurisdiction.
the information in this section is based on the current internal revenue code, current, temporary and proposed treasury regulations, the legislative history of the internal revenue code, current administrative interpretations and practices of the internal revenue service, including its practices and policies as set forth in private letter rulings, which are not binding on the internal revenue service, and existing court decisions.  future legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions could change current law or adversely affect existing interpretations of current law.  any change could apply retroactively.  thus, it is possible that the internal revenue service could challenge the statements in this discussion, which do not bind the internal revenue service or the courts, and that a court could agree with the internal revenue service.
our taxation we elected reit status beginning with the year that ended december 31, 1992.  in any year in which we qualify as a reit, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our reit taxable income or capital gain that we distribute to our shareholders.  this treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation that applies to most corporations, which pay a tax on their income and then distribute dividends to shareholders who are in turn taxed on the amount they receive.  we elected taxable reit subsidiary status for certain of our corporate subsidiaries engaged in activities which cannot be performed directly by a reit, such as condominium conversion and sale activities.  as a result, we will be subject to federal income tax on the taxable income generated by these activities in our taxable reit subsidiaries.
we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates upon our reit taxable income or capital gains that we do not distribute to our shareholders.  in addition, we will be subject to a 4% excise tax if we do not satisfy specific reit distribution requirements.  for tax years prior to january 1, 2018, we could also be subject to the "alternative minimum tax" on our items of tax preference; pursuant to the tax act, for tax years beginning january 1, 2018, the corporate alternative minimum tax has been permanently eliminated.  in addition, any net income from "prohibited transactions" (i.e., dispositions of property, other than property held by a taxable reit subsidiary, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business) will be subject to a 100% tax.  we could also be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain payments received from or on certain expenses deducted by a taxable reit subsidiary if any such transaction is not respected by the internal revenue service.  if we fail to satisfy the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test (described below) but have maintained our qualification as a reit because we satisfied certain other requirements, we will still generally be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the taxable income attributable to the gross income that caused the income test failure.  if we fail to satisfy any of the reit asset tests (described below) by more than a de minimis amount, due to reasonable cause, and we nonetheless maintain our reit qualification because of specified cure provisions, we will be required to pay a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest marginal corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets.  if we fail to satisfy any provision of the internal revenue code that would result in our failure to qualify as a reit (other than a violation of the reit gross income or asset tests described below) and the violation is due to reasonable cause, we may retain our reit qualification but we will be required to pay a penalty of $50,000 for each such failure.  moreover, we may be subject to taxes in certain situations and on certain transactions that we do not presently contemplate.
we believe that we have qualified as a reit for all of our taxable years beginning with 1992.  we also believe that our current structure and method of operation is such that we will continue to qualify as a reit.  however, given the complexity of the reit qualification requirements, we cannot provide any assurance that the actual results of our operations have satisfied or will satisfy the requirements under the internal revenue code for a particular year.
21
if we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit in any taxable year and the relief provisions described herein do not apply, we will be subject to tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates.  also, for tax years prior to january 1, 2018, we may be subject to the corporate "alternative minimum tax."  as a result, our failure to qualify as a reit would significantly reduce the cash we have available to distribute to our shareholders.  unless entitled to statutory relief, we would not be able to re-elect to be taxed as a reit until our fifth taxable year after the year of disqualification.  it is not possible to state whether we would be entitled to statutory relief.
our qualification and taxation as a reit depend on our ability to satisfy various requirements under the internal revenue code.  we are required to satisfy these requirements on a continuing basis through actual annual operating and other results.  accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to operate in a manner so as to remain qualified as a reit.
ownership of taxable reit subsidiaries by us.  the internal revenue code provides that reits may own greater than ten percent of the voting power and value of the securities of a "taxable reit subsidiary" or "trs", provided that the aggregate value of all of the trs securities held by the reit does not exceed 25% of the reit's total asset value (20% for taxable years beginning january 1, 2018).  trss are corporations subject to tax as a regular "c" corporation that have elected, jointly with a reit, to be a trs.  generally, a taxable reit subsidiary may own assets that cannot otherwise be owned by a reit and can perform impermissible tenant services (discussed below), which would otherwise taint our rental income under the reit income tests.  however, the reit will be obligated to pay a 100% penalty tax on some payments that we receive or on certain expenses deducted by our trss if the economic arrangements between us, our tenants and the trs are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties.  a trs may also receive income from prohibited transactions without incurring the 100% federal income tax liability imposed on reits.  income from prohibited transactions may include the purchase and sale of land, the purchase and sale of completed development properties and the sale of condominium units.
trss pay federal and state income tax at the full applicable corporate rates.  the amount of taxes paid on impermissible tenant services income and the sale of real estate held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business may be material in amount.  the trss will attempt to reduce, if possible, the amount of these taxes, but we cannot guarantee whether, or the extent to which, measures taken to reduce these taxes will be successful.  to the extent that these companies are required to pay taxes, less cash may be available for distributions to shareholders.
share ownership test and organizational requirement.  in order to qualify as a reit, our shares of beneficial interest must be held by a minimum of 100 persons for at least 335 days of a taxable year that is 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months.  also, not more than 50% in value of our shares of beneficial interest may be owned directly or indirectly by applying certain constructive ownership rules, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of each taxable year.  in addition, we must meet certain other organizational requirements, including, but not limited to, that (i) the beneficial ownership in us is evidenced by transferable shares and (ii) we are managed by one or more trustees.  we believe that we have satisfied all of these tests and all other organizational requirements and that we will continue to do so in the future.  in order to ensure compliance with the 100 person test and the 50% share ownership test discussed above, we have placed certain restrictions on the transfer of our shares that are intended to prevent further concentration of share ownership.  however, such restrictions may not prevent us from failing these requirements, and thereby failing to qualify as a reit.
gross income tests.  to qualify as a reit, we must satisfy two gross income tests:
(1)   at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year must generally be derived directly or indirectly from rents from real property, interest on obligations secured by mortgages on real property or on interests in real property, gain from the sale or other disposition of non-dealer real property and shares of reit stock, dividends paid by another reit and from some types of temporary investments (excluding certain hedging income).

(2)   at least 95% of our gross income for each taxable year must generally be derived from sources qualifying under the 75% test described in (1) above, non-reit dividends, non-real estate mortgage interest and gain from the sale or disposition of non-reit stock or securities (excluding certain hedging income).

to qualify as rents from real property for the purpose of satisfying the gross income tests, rental payments must generally be received from unrelated persons and not be based on the net income of the resident.  also, the rent attributable to personal property must not exceed 15% of the total rent.  we may generally provide services to residents without "tainting" our rental income only if such services are "usually or customarily rendered" in connection with the rental of real property and not otherwise considered "impermissible services".  if such services are impermissible, then we may generally provide them only if they are considered de minimis in amount, or are provided through an independent contractor from whom we derive no revenue and that meets other requirements, or through a taxable reit subsidiary.  we believe that services provided to residents by us either are usually or customarily rendered in connection with the rental of real property and not otherwise considered
22
impermissible, or, if considered impermissible services, will meet the de minimis test or will be provided by an independent contractor or taxable reit subsidiary.  however, we cannot provide any assurance that the internal revenue service will agree with these positions.
if we fail to satisfy one or both of the gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a reit for the year if we are entitled to relief under certain provisions of the internal revenue code.  in this case, a penalty tax would still be applicable as discussed above.  generally, it is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions and in the event these relief provisions do not apply, we will not qualify as a reit.
asset tests.  in general, on the last day of each quarter of our taxable year, we must satisfy five tests relating to the nature of our assets:
(1)   at least 75% of the value of our total assets must consist of real estate assets (which include for this purpose shares in other real estate investment trusts) and certain cash related items;

(2)   not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may consist of securities other than those in the 75% asset class;

(3)   except for securities included in item 1 above, equity investments in other reits, qualified reit subsidiaries (i.e., corporations owned 100% by a reit that are not trss or reits), or taxable reit subsidiaries: (a) the value of any one issuer's securities owned by us may not exceed 5% of the value of our total assets and (b) we may not own securities representing more than 10% of the voting power or value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer;

(4)   not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may consist of securities of one or more taxable reit subsidiaries (20% for taxable years beginning january 1, 2018); and

(5)   not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be represented by nonqualified publicly offered reit debt instruments.

the 10% value test described in clause (3)(b) above does not apply to nonqualified publicly offered reit debt instruments or to certain securities that fall within a safe harbor under the code.  under the safe harbor, the following are not considered "securities" held by us for purposes of this 10% value test: (i) straight debt securities, (ii) any loan of an individual or an estate, (iii) certain rental agreements for the use of tangible property, (iv) any obligation to pay rents from real property, (v) any security issued by a state or any political subdivision thereof, foreign government or puerto rico only if the determination of any payment under such security is not based on the profits of another entity or payments on any obligation issued by such other entity, or (vi) any security issued by a reit.  the timing and payment of interest or principal on a security qualifying as straight debt may be subject to a contingency provided that (a) such contingency does not change the effective yield to maturity, not considering a de minimis change which does not exceed the greater of 1⁄4 of 1% or 5% of the annual yield to maturity or we own $1,000,000 or less of the aggregate issue price or value of the particular issuer's debt and not more than 12 months of unaccrued interest can be required to be prepaid or (b) the contingency is consistent with commercial practice and the contingency is effective upon a default or the exercise of a prepayment right by the issuer of the debt.  if we hold indebtedness from any issuer, including a reit, the indebtedness will be subject to, and may cause a violation of, the asset tests, unless it is a qualifying real estate asset or otherwise satisfies the above safe harbor.  we currently own equity interests in certain entities that have elected to be taxed as reits for federal income tax purposes and are not publicly traded.  if any such entity were to fail to qualify as a reit, we would not meet the 10% voting stock limitation and the 10% value limitation and we would, unless certain relief provisions applied, fail to qualify as a reit.  we believe that we and each of the reits we own an interest in have and will comply with the foregoing asset tests for reit qualification.  however, we cannot provide any assurance that the internal revenue service will agree with our determinations.
if we fail to satisfy the 5% or 10% asset tests described above after a 30-day cure period provided in the internal revenue code, we will be deemed to have met such tests if the value of our non-qualifying assets is de minimis (i.e., does not exceed the lesser of 1% of the total value of our assets at the end of the applicable quarter or $10,000,000) and we dispose of the non-qualifying assets within six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset tests is discovered.  for violations due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect that are in excess of the de minimis exception described above, we may avoid disqualification as a reit under any of the asset tests, after the 30-day cure period, by disposing of sufficient assets to meet the asset test within such six month period, paying a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets and disclosing certain information to the internal revenue service.  if we cannot avail ourselves of these relief provisions, or if we fail to timely cure any noncompliance with the asset tests, we would cease to qualify as a reit.
annual distribution requirements.  to qualify as a reit, we are generally required to distribute dividends, other than capital gain dividends, to our shareholders each year in an amount at least equal to 90% of our reit taxable income.  these
23
distributions must be paid either in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if declared before we timely file our tax return for the prior year and if paid with or before the first regular dividend payment date after the declaration is made.  we intend to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy our annual distribution requirements.  to the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100% of our reit taxable income, as adjusted, we are subject to tax on these amounts at regular corporate rates.  we will be subject to a 4% excise tax on the excess of the required distribution over the sum of amounts actually distributed and amounts retained for which federal income tax was paid, if we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of:  (1) 85% of our reit ordinary income for the year; (2) 95% of our reit capital gain net income for the year; and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior taxable years.  a reit may elect to retain rather than distribute all or a portion of its net capital gains and pay the tax on the gains.  in that case, a reit may elect to have its shareholders include their proportionate share of the undistributed net capital gains in income as long-term capital gains and receive a credit for their share of the tax paid by the reit.  for purposes of the 4% excise tax described above, any retained amounts would be treated as having been distributed.
ownership of partnership interests by us.  as a result of our ownership of the operating partnership, we will be considered to own and derive our proportionate share of the assets and items of income of the operating partnership, respectively, for purposes of the reit asset and income tests, including its share of assets and items of income of any subsidiaries that are partnerships or limited liability companies.
state and local taxes.  we may be subject to state or local taxation in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business or reside.  state and local tax treatment may not conform to the federal income tax treatment discussed above and any changes in the federal tax code may not be adopted by the states, potentially leading to material tax liabilities for the company and its shareholders.  in addition, state and local taxing jurisdictions may adopt new legislation or tax regimes which could significantly impact our tax liabilities or require the company to withhold taxes from shareholders.  consequently, prospective shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of state and local tax laws on an investment in common shares.
taxation of domestic shareholders subject to u.s. tax general.  if we qualify as a reit, distributions made to our taxable domestic shareholders with respect to their common shares, other than capital gain distributions and distributions attributable to taxable reit subsidiaries, will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the distributions come out of earnings and profits.  these distributions will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction for shareholders that are corporations nor will they constitute "qualified dividend income" under the internal revenue code, meaning that such dividends will be taxed at marginal rates applicable to ordinary income rather than the special capital gain rates currently applicable to qualified dividend income distributed to shareholders who satisfy applicable holding period requirements.  in determining whether distributions are out of earnings and profits, we will allocate our earnings and profits first to preferred shares and second to the common shares.  the portion of ordinary dividends which represent ordinary dividends we receive from a trs, will be designated as "qualified dividend income" to reit shareholders.  these qualified dividends are eligible for preferential tax rates if paid to our non-corporate shareholders.
to the extent we make distributions to our taxable domestic shareholders in excess of our earnings and profits, such distributions will be considered a return of capital.  such distributions will be treated as a tax-free distribution and will reduce the tax basis of a shareholder's common shares by the amount of the distribution so treated.  to the extent such distributions cumulatively exceed a taxable domestic shareholder's tax basis, such distributions are taxable as gain from the sale of shares.  shareholders may not include in their individual income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses.
dividends declared by a reit in october, november, or december with a record date in such month, are deemed to have been paid by the reit and received by its shareholders on december 31 of that year, so long as the dividends are actually paid during january of the following year.  however, this treatment only applies to the extent of the reit's earnings and profits existing on december 31.  to the extent the shareholder distributions paid in january exceed available earnings and profits as of december 31, the excess will be treated as a distribution taxable to shareholders in the year paid.  as such, for tax reporting purposes, january distributions paid to our shareholders may be split between two tax years.
a reit may make an election under the internal revenue code to treat certain dividends that are paid in a taxable year, as being made by the reit in the previous taxable year.  a shareholder is required to include the amount of the dividend in the taxable year that it is paid by the reit.
distributions made by us that we properly designate as capital gain dividends will be taxable to taxable domestic shareholders as gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year.  this treatment applies only to the extent that the designated distributions do not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year or the amount of
24
distributions treated as dividends for the taxable year.  it applies regardless of the period for which a domestic shareholder has held his or her common shares.  despite this general rule, corporate shareholders may be required to treat up to 20% of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income.
generally, our designated capital gain dividends will be broken out into net capital gains distributions (which are taxable to taxable domestic shareholders that are individuals, estates or trusts at a maximum rate of 20% for individual taxpayers in the highest tax bracket) and unrecaptured section 1250 gain distributions (which are taxable to taxable domestic shareholders that are individuals, estates or trusts at a maximum rate of 25%).
certain u.s.  shareholders that are taxed as individuals, estates or trusts may also be required to pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among other things, dividends on and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of shares.
if, for any taxable year, we elect to designate as capital gain dividends any portion of the dividends paid or made available for the year to holders of all classes of shares of beneficial interest, then the portion of the capital gains dividends that will be allocable to the holders of common shares will be the total capital gain dividends multiplied by a fraction.  the numerator of the fraction will be the total dividends paid or made available to the holders of the common shares for the year.  the denominator of the fraction will be the total dividends paid or made available to holders of all classes of shares of beneficial interest.
we may elect to retain (rather than distribute as is generally required) net capital gain for a taxable year and pay the income tax on that gain.  if we make this election, shareholders must include in income, as long-term capital gain, their proportionate share of the undistributed net capital gain.  shareholders will be treated as having paid their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on these gains.  accordingly, they will receive a tax credit or refund for the amount.  shareholders will increase the basis in their common shares by the difference between the amount of capital gain included in their income and the amount of the tax they are treated as having paid.  our earnings and profits will be adjusted appropriately.
in general, a shareholder will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes on the sale or other disposition of common shares in an amount equal to the difference between:
(a)   the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in the sale or other disposition; and

(b)   the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the common shares.

the gain or loss will be capital gain or loss if the common shares were held as a capital asset.  generally, the capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the common shares were held for more than one year.
in general, a loss recognized by a shareholder upon the sale of common shares that were held for six months or less, determined after applying certain holding period rules, will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent that the shareholder received distributions that were treated as long-term capital gains.  for shareholders who are individuals, trusts and estates, the long-term capital loss will be apportioned among the applicable long-term capital gain rates to the extent that distributions received by the shareholder were previously so treated.
taxation of domestic tax-exempt shareholders most tax-exempt organizations are not subject to federal income tax except to the extent of their unrelated business taxable income, which is often referred to as ubti.  unless a tax-exempt shareholder holds its common shares as debt financed property or uses the common shares in an unrelated trade or business, distributions to the shareholder should not constitute ubti.  similarly, if a tax-exempt shareholder sells common shares, the income from the sale should not constitute ubti unless the shareholder held the shares as debt financed property or used the shares in a trade or business.
however, for tax-exempt shareholders that are social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts, and qualified group legal services plans, income from owning or selling common shares will constitute ubti unless the organization is able to properly deduct amounts set aside or placed in reserve so as to offset the income generated by its investment in common shares.  these shareholders should consult their own tax advisors concerning these set aside and reserve requirements which are set forth in the internal revenue code.  in addition, certain provisions of the tax act may impact a tax-exempt shareholder's calculation of ubti.  these shareholders should consult their own tax advisors concerning the impact of the tax act and their federal income tax obligations.
25
in addition, certain pension trusts that own more than 10% of a "pension-held reit" must report a portion of the distributions that they receive from the reit as ubti.  we have not been and do not expect to be treated as a pension-held reit for purposes of this rule.
taxation of foreign shareholders the following is a discussion of certain anticipated united states federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of common shares applicable to a foreign shareholder.  for purposes of this discussion, a "foreign shareholder" is any person other than:
(a)   a citizen or resident of the united states;

(b)   a corporation or partnership created or organized in the united states or under the laws of the united states or of any state thereof; or

(c)   an estate or trust whose income is includable in gross income for united states federal income tax purposes regardless of its source.

distributions by us.  distributions by us to a foreign shareholder that are neither attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of united states real property interests nor designated by us as capital gains dividends will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our earnings and profits.  these distributions ordinarily will be subject to withholding of united states federal income tax on a gross basis at a 30% rate, or a lower treaty rate, unless the dividends are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the foreign shareholder of a united states trade or business.  please note that under certain treaties lower withholding rates generally applicable to dividends do not apply to dividends from reits.  dividends that are effectively connected with a united states trade or business will be subject to tax on a net basis at graduated rates, and are generally not subject to withholding.  certification and disclosure requirements must be satisfied before a dividend is exempt from withholding under this exemption.  a foreign shareholder that is a corporation also may be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower treaty rate.
we expect to withhold united states income tax at the rate of 30% on any such distributions made to a foreign shareholder unless:
(a)   a lower treaty rate applies and any required form or certification evidencing eligibility for that reduced rate is filed with us; or

(b)   the foreign shareholder files an irs form w-8eci with us claiming that the distribution is effectively connected income.

if such distribution is in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, it will not be taxable to a foreign shareholder to the extent that the distribution does not exceed the adjusted basis of the shareholder's common shares.  instead, the distribution will reduce the adjusted basis of the common shares.  to the extent that the distribution exceeds the adjusted basis of the common shares, it will give rise to gain from the sale or exchange of the shareholder's common shares.  the tax treatment of this gain is described below.
we intend to withhold at a rate of 30%, or a lower applicable treaty rate, on the entire amount of any distribution not designated as a capital gain distribution.  in such event, a foreign shareholder may seek a refund of the withheld amount from the irs if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our earnings and profits, and the amount withheld exceeded the foreign shareholder's united states tax liability with respect to the distribution.
distributions to a foreign shareholder that we designate at the time of the distributions as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a united states real property interest, generally will not be subject to united states federal income taxation unless:
(a)   the investment in the common shares is effectively connected with the foreign shareholder's united states trade or business, in which case the foreign shareholder will be subject to the same treatment as domestic shareholders, except that a shareholder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to the branch profits tax, as discussed above; or

(b)   the foreign shareholder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the united states for 183 days or more during the taxable year and has a "tax home" in the united states, in which case the nonresident alien individual will be subject to a 30% tax on the individual's capital gains.

26
under the foreign investment in real property tax act, which is known as firpta, distributions to a foreign shareholder (other than certain qualified shareholders and qualified foreign pension funds discussed below) that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges of united states real property interests will cause the foreign shareholder to be treated as recognizing the gain as income effectively connected with a united states trade or business.  this rule applies whether or not a distribution is designated as a capital gain dividend.  accordingly, foreign shareholders generally would be taxed on these distributions at the same rates applicable to u.s. shareholders, subject to a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals.  in addition, a foreign corporate shareholder might be subject to the branch profits tax discussed above, as well as u.s. federal income tax return filing requirements.  we are required to withhold 21% of these distributions.  the withheld amount can be credited against the foreign shareholder's united states federal income tax liability.
although the law is not entirely clear on the matter, it appears that amounts we designate as undistributed capital gains in respect of the common shares held by u.s. shareholders would be treated with respect to foreign shareholders in the same manner as actual distributions of capital gain dividends.  under that approach, foreign shareholders would be able to offset as a credit against their united states federal income tax liability their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on these undistributed capital gains.  in addition, if timely requested, foreign shareholders might be able to receive from the irs a refund to the extent their proportionate share of the tax paid by us were to exceed their actual united states federal income tax liability.
foreign shareholders' sales of common shares.  gain recognized by a foreign shareholder upon the sale or exchange of common shares generally will not be subject to united states taxation unless the shares constitute a "united states real property interest" within the meaning of firpta.  the common shares will not constitute a united states real property interest so long as we are a domestically controlled reit.  a domestically controlled reit is a reit in which at all times during a specified testing period less than 50% in value of its stock is held directly or indirectly by foreign shareholders.   we believe that we are a domestically controlled reit.  therefore, we believe that the sale of common shares will not be subject to taxation under firpta.  however, because common shares and preferred shares are publicly traded, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be a domestically controlled reit.  in any event, gain from the sale or exchange of common shares not otherwise subject to firpta will be subject to u.s. tax, if either:
(a)   the investment in the common shares is effectively connected with the foreign shareholder's united states trade or business, in which case the foreign shareholder will be subject to the same treatment as domestic shareholders with respect to the gain; or

(b)   the foreign shareholder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the united states for 183 days or more during the taxable year and has a tax home in the united states, in which case the nonresident alien individual will be subject to a 30% tax on the individual's capital gains.

even if we do not qualify as or cease to be a domestically controlled reit, gain arising from the sale or exchange by a foreign shareholder of common shares still would not be subject to united states taxation under firpta as a sale of a united states real property interest if:
(a)   the class or series of shares being sold is "regularly traded," as defined by applicable irs regulations, on an established securities market such as the new york stock exchange; and

(b)   the selling foreign shareholder owned 10% or less of the value of the outstanding class or series of shares being sold throughout the five-year period ending on the date of the sale or exchange.

if gain on the sale or exchange of common shares were subject to taxation under firpta, the foreign shareholder would be subject to regular united states income tax with respect to the gain in the same manner as a taxable u.s. shareholder, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax, a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals and the possible application of the branch profits tax in the case of foreign corporations.  the purchaser of the common shares would be required to withhold and remit to the irs 15% of the purchase price.
exception to firpta for qualified shareholders.  for dispositions and distributions after december 18, 2015, stock of a reit held (directly or through partnerships) by a "qualified shareholder" will not be treated as united states real property interest, and capital gain dividends from such a reit will not be treated as gain from the sale of a united states real property interest.  this exception does not apply to persons that hold an interest, taking into account applicable constructive ownership rules, more than 10% of the stock of the reit (unless that interest is solely as a creditor (an "applicable investor")).   if the qualified shareholder has such an "applicable investor," the portion of reit stock indirectly owned through the qualified shareholder by the applicable investor will be treated as gains from the sale of united states real property interests.  for these purposes, a "qualified shareholder" is a foreign person which is in a treaty jurisdiction and satisfies certain publicly traded requirements, is a "qualified collective investment vehicle" and maintains records on the identity of certain 5% owners.  a
27
"qualified collective investment vehicle" is a foreign person that is eligible for a reduced withholding rate with respect to ordinary reit dividends even if such person holds more than 10% of the reit's stock, a publicly traded partnership that is a withholding foreign partnership that would be a united states real property holding corporation if it were a united states corporation, or is designated as a qualified collective investment vehicle by the secretary of the treasury and is either fiscally transparent within the meaning of the code or required to include dividends in its gross income but entitled to a deduction for distribution to its investors.  finally, capital gain dividends and nondividend redemption and liquidating distributions to a qualified shareholder that are not allocable to an applicable investor will be treated as ordinary dividends.
exception to firpta withholding for qualified foreign pension funds.  for distributions or disposition of reit stock after december 18, 2015, "qualified foreign pension funds" and entities that are wholly owned by a qualified foreign pension fund are exempted from firpta withholding.  for these purposes, a "qualified foreign pension fund" is any trust, corporation, or other organization or arrangement if (i) it was created or organized under foreign law, (ii) it was established to provide retirement or pension benefits to participants or beneficiaries that are current or former employees (or persons designated by such employees) of one or more employers in consideration for services rendered, (iii) it does not have a single participant or beneficiary with a right to more than 5% of its assets or income, (iv) it is subject to government regulation and provides annual information reporting about its beneficiaries to the relevant tax authorities in the country in which it is established or operates, and (v) under the laws of the country in which it is established or operates, either contributions to such fund which would otherwise be subject to tax under such laws are deductible or excluded from the gross income of such fund or taxed at a reduced rate, or taxation of any investment income of such fund is deferred or such income is taxed at a reduced rate.
information reporting requirement and backup withholding we will report to our domestic shareholders and the internal revenue service the amount of distributions paid during each calendar year and the amount of tax withheld, if any.  under certain circumstances, domestic shareholders may be subject to backup withholding.  backup withholding will apply only if such domestic shareholder fails to furnish certain information to us or the internal revenue service.  backup withholding will not apply with respect to payments made to certain exempt recipients, such as corporations and tax-exempt organizations.  domestic shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining such an exemption.  backup withholding is not an additional tax.  rather, the amount of any backup withholding with respect to a payment to a domestic shareholder will be allowed as a credit against such person's united states federal income tax liability and may entitle such person to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the internal revenue service.
withholding on foreign financial institutions and non-u.s. shareholders the foreign account tax compliance act ("fatca") imposes a u.s. withholding tax at a 30% rate on dividends and on proceeds from the sale of our shares paid beginning january 1, 2019 to "foreign financial institutions" (as defined under fatca) and certain other foreign entities if certain due diligence and disclosure requirements related to u.s. accounts with, or ownership of, such entities are not satisfied or an exemption does not apply.  if fatca withholding is imposed, non-u.s. beneficial owners that are otherwise eligible for an exemption from, or a reduction of, u.s. withholding tax with respect to such distributions and sale proceeds would be required to seek a refund from the internal revenue service to obtain the benefit of such exemption or reduction.  any payment made by us that is subject to withholding under fatca or otherwise will be net of the amount required to be withheld.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of the company and the operating partnership should be read in connection with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.  due to the company's ability to control the operating partnership and its subsidiaries, the operating partnership and each such subsidiary entity has been consolidated with the company for financial reporting purposes, except for two unconsolidated operating properties.  capitalized terms used herein and not defined are as defined elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017.
forward-looking statements forward-looking statements in this item 7 as well as elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are intended to be made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.  these statements are based on current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions made by management.  while the company's management believes the assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, such information is inherently subject to uncertainties and may involve certain risks, which could cause actual results, performance or achievements of the company to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  many of these uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and beyond management's control.  forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, results or events.  the forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date hereof and the company undertakes no obligation to update or supplement these forward-looking statements.  factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to the following:
•   we intend to actively acquire, develop and renovate multifamily properties for rental operations as market conditions dictate. we may also acquire multifamily properties that are unoccupied or in the early stages of lease-up. we may be unable to lease these apartment properties on schedule, resulting in decreases in expected rental revenues and/or lower yields due to lower occupancy and rental rates as well as higher than expected concessions or higher than expected operating expenses. we may not be able to achieve rents that are consistent with expectations for acquired, developed or renovated properties. we may underestimate the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for its intended market position, to complete a development property or to complete a renovation. additionally, we expect that other real estate investors with capital will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts. this competition (or lack thereof) may increase (or depress) prices for multifamily properties. we may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms. we have acquired in the past and intend to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties, including large portfolios of properties, that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. the total number of apartment units under development, costs of development and estimated completion dates are subject to uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions (such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local government regulation;

•   debt financing and other capital required by the company may not be available or may only be available on adverse terms;

•   labor and materials required for maintenance, repair, capital expenditure or development may be more expensive than anticipated;

•   occupancy levels and market rents may be adversely affected by national and local political, economic and market conditions including, without limitation, new construction and excess inventory of multifamily and owned housing/condominiums, increasing portions of owned housing/condominium stock being converted to rental use, rental housing subsidized by the government, other government programs that favor single family rental housing or owner occupied housing over multifamily rental housing, slow or negative employment growth and household formation, the availability of low-interest mortgages or the availability of mortgages requiring little or no down payment for single family home buyers, changes in social preferences, governmental regulations (including rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations) and the potential for geopolitical instability, all of which are beyond the company's control; and

•   additional factors as discussed in part i of this annual report on form 10-k, particularly those under "item 1a. risk factors".

forward-looking statements and related uncertainties are also included in the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
35
overview see item 1. business for discussion regarding the company's overview.
business objectives and operating and investing strategies see item 1. business for discussion regarding the company's business objectives and operating and investing strategies.
results of operations
2017 and 2016 transactions in conjunction with our business objectives and operating strategy, the company continued to invest in apartment properties located in our coastal gateway markets and sell apartment properties located primarily in the less dense portion of suburban markets and/or properties that are functionally or locationally challenged during the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 as follows:
year ended december 31, 2017:
•   acquired four consolidated apartment properties, located in the seattle (two properties), boston and los angeles markets, consisting of 947 apartment units for approximately $468.0 million at a weighted average acquisition cap rate (see definition below) of 4.8%;

•   sold five consolidated apartment properties, located in the boston (three properties), new york and san diego markets, consisting of 1,194 apartment units for approximately $355.0 million, at a weighted average disposition yield (see definition below) of 5.1% and generating an unlevered irr (see definition below) of 12.4%;

•   started construction on two projects, located in the boston and seattle markets, consisting of 221 apartment units totaling approximately $113.8 million of expected development costs; and

•   substantially completed construction on four projects, located in the orange county, washington d.c. and seattle (two properties) markets, consisting of 1,393 apartment units totaling approximately $584.2 million of development costs and stabilized five development projects, located in the san francisco (three properties), los angeles and orange county markets, consisting of 1,931 apartments units totaling approximately $983.1 million of development costs.

year ended december 31, 2016:
•   acquired four consolidated apartment properties consisting of 573 apartment units for approximately $249.3 million at a weighted average acquisition cap rate of 4.8%;

•   sold 98 consolidated apartment properties consisting of 29,440 apartment units for approximately $6.8 billion, which includes the sale of the starwood portfolio consisting of 72 consolidated apartment properties containing 23,262 apartment units for $5.365 billion, at a weighted average disposition yield of 5.4% and generating an unlevered irr of 11.8%;

•   sold one unconsolidated property consisting of 336 apartments units for approximately $74.5 million (our share of the net sales proceeds approximated $12.4 million), generating a disposition yield of 5.6%;

•   sold our entire interest in the management contracts and related rights associated with the military housing ventures at joint base lewis mcchord consisting of 5,161 apartment units for approximately $63.3 million and sold three land parcels for $57.5 million;

•   started construction on one project consisting of 222 apartment units totaling approximately $88.0 million of expected development costs; and

•   substantially completed construction on five projects consisting of 2,141 apartment units totaling approximately $1.1 billion of development costs and stabilized six development projects consisting of 1,839 apartment units totaling approximately $894.2 million of development costs.

see also note 4 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion regarding the company's real estate transactions.
same store results properties that the company owned and were stabilized (see definition below) for all of both 2017 and 2016 (the "2017 same store properties"), which represented 70,117 apartment units, and properties that the company owned and were
36
stabilized for all of both 2016 and 2015 (the "2016 same store properties"), which represented 69,879 apartment units, impacted the company's results of operations.  both the 2017 same store properties and 2016 same store properties are discussed in the following paragraphs.
the company's primary financial measure for evaluating each of its apartment communities is net operating income ("noi").  noi represents rental income less direct property operating expenses (including real estate taxes and insurance).  the company believes that noi is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the company's apartment properties.
the following tables provide a rollforward of the apartment units included in same store properties and a reconciliation of apartment units included in same store properties to those included in total properties for the year ended december 31, 2017:
year ended december 31, 2017

properties                     apartment units same store properties at december 31, 2016             272                        69,879
2015 acquisitions                                        4                           625
2017 dispositions                                       (5      )                 (1,194   )
lease-up properties stabilized                           4                           800
other                                                    -                             7
same store properties at december 31, 2017             275                        70,117
year ended december 31, 2017

properties                     apartment units same store                                             275                        70,117
non-same store:
2017 acquisitions - stabilized                           2                           437
2017 acquisitions - not stabilized                       2                           510
2016 acquisitions                                        4                           573
properties removed from same store (1)                   2                           356
master-leased properties (2)                             3                           853
lease-up properties not yet stabilized (3)              14                         4,819
other                                                    1                             1
total non-same store                                    28                         7,549
unconsolidated properties                                2                           945
total properties and apartment units                   305                        78,611
note:  properties are considered "stabilized" when they have achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months.  properties are included in same store when they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented.
(1)   consists of one property containing 285 apartment units (playa pacifica in hermosa beach, california) which was removed from the same store portfolio in the first quarter of 2015 due to a major renovation in which significant portions of the property were taken offline for extended time periods and one property containing 71 apartment units (acton courtyard in berkeley, california) which was removed from the same store portfolio in the third quarter of 2016 due to an affordable housing dispute which required significant portions of the property to be vacant for an extended releasing period. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, playa pacifica had an occupancy of 94.4% and 66.2%, respectively. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, acton courtyard had an occupancy of 91.5% and 69.0%, respectively. these properties will not return to the same store portfolio until they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented.

(2)   consists of three properties containing 853 apartment units that are wholly owned by the company but the entire projects are master leased to a third party corporate housing provider.

(3)   consists of properties in various stages of lease-up and properties where lease-up has been completed but the properties were not stabilized for the comparable periods presented.

37
revenues from the 2017 and 2016 same store properties increased $48.5 million and $78.1 million, respectively, primarily as a result of an increase in average rental rates charged to residents.  expenses from the 2017 and 2016 same store properties increased $17.0 million and $20.2 million, respectively, primarily as a result of an increase in real estate taxes, on-site payroll costs and repairs and maintenance expenses.  the following tables provide comparative same store results and statistics for the 2017 and 2016 same store properties:
2017 vs. 2016
same store results/statistics for 70,117 same store apartment units
$ in thousands (except for average rental rate)
results                                                           statistics

description        revenues             expenses                    noi           average                  physical           turnover (3)
rental             occupancy (2)
rate (1)
2017             $2,248,564             $656,321             $1,592,243            $2,670                      96.0   %       52.9              %
2016             $2,200,094             $639,342             $1,560,752            $2,611                      96.0   %       54.7              %
change              $48,470              $16,979                $31,491               $59                       0.0   %                  (1.8   )%
change                  2.2   %              2.7   %                2.0   %           2.3   %
note: same store revenues for all leases are reflected on a straight line basis in accordance with gaap for the current and comparable periods.
2016 vs. 2015
same store results/statistics for 69,879 same store apartment units
$ in thousands (except for average rental rate)
results                                                           statistics

description        revenues             expenses                    noi           average           physical                   turnover (3)
rental           occupancy (2)
rate (1)
2016             $2,177,304             $634,120             $1,543,184            $2,597           96.0              %        54.4              %
2015             $2,099,166             $613,924             $1,485,242            $2,504           96.1              %        54.5              %
change              $78,138              $20,196                $57,942               $93                      (0.1   )%                  (0.1   )%
change                  3.7   %              3.3   %                3.9   %           3.7   %
(1)   average rental rate - for 2017 vs. 2016, represents total residential rental revenues reflected on a straight-line basis in accordance with gaap divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the reporting period presented. for 2016 vs. 2015, represents total residential rental revenues divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the reporting period presented.

(2)   physical occupancy - the weighted average occupied apartment units for the reporting period divided by the average of total apartment units available for rent for the reporting period.

(3)   turnover - total residential move-outs divided by total residential apartment units, including inter-property and intra-property transfers.

the following tables provide comparative same store operating expenses for the 2017 and 2016 same store properties:
2017 vs. 2016
same store operating expenses for 70,117 same store apartment units
$ in thousands
% of actual

2017
actual               actual                 $            %                operating
2017                 2016                      change           change                 expenses real estate taxes                                $276,762             $268,084        $8,678              3.2    %                42.2   %
on-site payroll (1)                               148,781              142,248         6,533              4.6    %                22.7   %
utilities (2)                                      89,938               88,159         1,779              2.0    %                13.7   %
repairs and maintenance (3)                        83,683               82,378         1,305              1.6    %                12.7   %
insurance                                          16,683               17,345          (662   )         (3.8   )%                 2.5   %
leasing and advertising                             9,282               10,118          (836   )         (8.3   )%                 1.4   %
other on-site operating expenses (4)               31,192               31,010           182              0.6    %                 4.8   %
same store operating expenses                    $656,321             $639,342       $16,979              2.7    %               100.0   %
38
2016 vs. 2015
same store operating expenses for 69,879 same store apartment units
$ in thousands
% of actual

2016
actual               actual                  $            %                operating
2016                 2015                       change           change                 expenses real estate taxes                                $264,689             $249,916        $14,773              5.9    %                41.7   %
on-site payroll (1)                               141,996              137,731          4,265              3.1    %                22.4   %
utilities (2)                                      88,261               91,586         (3,325   )         (3.6   )%                13.9   %
repairs and maintenance (3)                        81,600               79,366          2,234              2.8    %                12.9   %
insurance                                          17,055               16,428            627              3.8    %                 2.7   %
leasing and advertising                             9,928                8,341          1,587             19.0    %                 1.6   %
other on-site operating expenses (4)               30,591               30,556             35              0.1    %                 4.8   %
same store operating expenses                    $634,120             $613,924        $20,196              3.3    %               100.0   %
(1)   on-site payroll - includes payroll and related expenses for on-site personnel including property managers, leasing consultants and maintenance staff.

(2)   utilities - represents gross expenses prior to any recoveries under the resident utility billing system ("rubs"). recoveries are reflected in rental income.

(3)   repairs and maintenance - includes general maintenance costs, apartment unit turnover costs including interior painting, routine landscaping, security, exterminating, fire protection, snow removal, elevator, roof and parking lot repairs and other miscellaneous building repair and maintenance costs.

(4)   other on-site operating expenses - includes ground lease costs and administrative costs such as office supplies, telephone and data charges and association and business licensing fees.

the following tables present reconciliations of operating income per the consolidated statements of operations to noi, along with rental income, operating expenses and noi per the consolidated statements of operations allocated between same store and non-same store results for the 2017 and 2016 same store properties (amounts in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2017                       2016                        2015
operating income                              $847,471                    $856,086                  $1,009,238
adjustments:
fee and asset management revenue                  (717    )                 (3,567    )                 (8,387   )
property management                             85,493                      82,015                      86,206
general and administrative                      52,224                      57,840                      64,664
depreciation                                   743,749                     705,649                     765,895
impairment                                       1,693                           -                           -
total noi                                   $1,729,913                  $1,698,023                  $1,917,616
year ended december 31, 2017                                        year ended december 31, 2016

(results for 70,117 same store apartment units)                     (results for 69,879 same store apartment units)
2017                                2016                            2016                                2015
rental income:
same store                              $2,248,564                                $2,200,094                $2,177,304                                $2,099,166
non-same store/other                       222,125                                   222,139                   244,929                                   637,412
total rental income                      2,470,689                                 2,422,233                 2,422,233                                 2,736,578
operating expenses:
same store                                 656,321                                   639,342                   634,120                                   613,924
non-same store/other                        84,455                                    84,868                    90,090                                   205,038
total operating expenses                   740,776                                   724,210                   724,210                                   818,962
noi:
same store                               1,592,243                                 1,560,752                 1,543,184                                 1,485,242
non-same store/other                       137,670                                   137,271                   154,839                                   432,374
total noi                               $1,729,913                                $1,698,023                $1,698,023                                $1,917,616
39
for properties that the company acquired or completed that were stabilized prior to january 1, 2017 and that the company expects to continue to own through december 31, 2018, the company anticipates the following same store results for the full year ending december 31, 2018, which assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking:
2018 same store assumptions

physical occupancy                       96.0%
revenue change                   1.0% to 2.25%
expense change                    3.5% to 4.5%
noi change                        0.0% to 1.5%
same store revenues increased 2.2% during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was ahead of our original expectations and in line with our most recent guidance that was provided in october 2017, due to stronger renewal rates, lower turnover and gains in occupancy.  the company's primary goal in 2017 was to focus on retaining existing residents to drive renewal rate growth which came in at 4.6% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016.  same store turnover declined by 1.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016.  the company's primary focus for 2018 will continue to be on retaining existing residents.  we currently estimate same store revenues to increase in a range from 1.0% to 2.25% for 2018 as compared to 2017.
washington d.c. was the only market in our portfolio that did not meet or surpass our most recent guidance that was provided in october 2017.  same store revenues increased 1.3% during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 as uncertainty in the market caused by the political environment slowed economic activity.  while we expect to see slight improvement in new lease rates in 2018, we expect washington d.c. to remain challenged.  as a result, we expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 1.0% in this market in 2018.
in the new york market, elevated deliveries of new luxury supply both in established residential areas and newer residential areas like long island city are having an impact on our ability to raise rents.  while technology sector job growth continues, there has been a reduction in the rate of job growth in the financial services sector, which is an important demand driver in this market.  however, due in part to our strong same store occupancy levels (96.2% for the year ended december 31, 2017), we used fewer concessions during 2017 than we originally expected.  same store revenues increased 0.1% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was above both our original expectations and our most recent guidance provided in october 2017.  with new luxury supply elevated in 2018, we expect there to be a decline in same store revenues of approximately 0.75% in 2018.
boston continues to feel the impact from an elevated level of deliveries of new supply in the downtown and cambridge submarkets, though job growth has continued to improve.  as a result, the additional supply has generally been absorbed thus far without significant disruption.  same store revenues increased 1.6% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was in line with our original expectations and most recent guidance provided in october 2017. we believe renewal and occupancy rates will continue to remain strong while new lease rates will continue to be negative.  we therefore expect 2018 same store revenue growth of approximately 1.6%, which is identical to 2017.
seattle produced solid rental rate growth driven by the continued growth in technology jobs in the market, but showed signs of slowing rent growth towards the end of 2017.  same store revenues increased 5.6% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which exceeded our original expectations and is generally consistent with the most recent guidance provided in october 2017.  we are more cautious on our 2018 outlook.  with more moderate growth expected in both renewals and new leases primarily due to increased urban supply and moderating job growth, we expect seattle to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 3.25% in 2018.
san francisco performed better than expected in 2017 primarily as a result of strong occupancy and gains on renewals.  the market is producing a slower rate of job growth in the technology sector compared to previous years.  however, we continue to see strong demand throughout the market, although the rate at which we can increase rents remains somewhat modest due to new supply and a slower rate of job growth.  as a result, same store revenues increased 2.0% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which exceeded our original expectations and is generally consistent with the most recent guidance provided in october 2017.  while we expect to see slight improvement in new lease rates in 2018, we expect lower occupancy and renewal rates.  as a result, we expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 1.75% in 2018.
southern california, which includes los angeles, orange county and san diego, was one of our better performing markets in 2017.  widely dispersed new supply, very good economic growth and adequate levels of job growth in the market
40
are driving strong revenue growth.  same store revenues increased 3.9% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which slightly exceeded both our original expectations and the most recent guidance we provided in october 2017.  we expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 3.25% in los angeles and 4.0% in both orange county and san diego in 2018.
same store expenses increased 2.7% during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016.  the full year 2017 results were primarily due to the following items:
•   real estate taxes increased 3.2% for the full year 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was lower than our original expectations, primarily driven by favorable real estate tax appeal results;

•   payroll costs increased 4.6% for the full year 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 (which was consistent with our original expectations) primarily due to an increase in on-site staffing to assure the service levels necessary to remain competitive with new supply and higher on-site wages due to competition from new supply; and

•   utilities increased 2.0% for the full year 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 (which was consistent with our original expectations) primarily due to higher prices for natural gas and higher water and sewer costs, partially offset by lower usage and lower prices for electricity.

we anticipate same store expenses to increase in a range from 3.5% to 4.5% for 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily due to the following items:
•   real estate taxes are estimated to increase between 4.75% and 5.75% due primarily to increased values and rates and the 421-a tax abatement benefits continuing to expire in new york (approximately 1.7 percentage points of the increase);

•   payroll costs are estimated to increase approximately 5.0% primarily due to higher on-site wages due to competition from new supply; and

•   utilities are estimated to increase between 3.0% and 4.0% primarily due to increases in trash costs as well as anticipated increases in the commodity cost for electricity, natural gas and heating oil after enjoying several years of declining rates.

same store noi increased 2.0% for the full year 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was at the high end of our original expectations and slightly ahead of our most recent guidance that was provided in october 2017.  the company anticipates same store noi growth of approximately 0.0% to 1.5% for the full year 2018 as a result of the above same store revenue and expense expectations.
see also note 17 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion regarding the company's segment disclosures.
non-same store/other results non-same store noi results increased approximately $0.4 million in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years 2016 and 2017, operations from the company's development properties and operations prior to disposition from 2016 and 2017 sold properties.  this difference is due primarily to:
•   a positive impact of higher noi from development and newly stabilized development properties in lease-up of $42.7 million;

•   a positive impact of higher noi from properties acquired in 2016 and 2017 of $12.0 million;

•   a positive impact of higher noi from other non-same store properties (including three master leased properties) of $3.0 million; and

•   a negative impact of lost noi from 2016 and 2017 dispositions of $57.4 million.

41
non-same store noi results decreased approximately $277.5 million in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years 2015 and 2016, operations from the company's development properties and operations prior to disposition from 2015 and 2016 sold properties (including the starwood portfolio).  this difference is due primarily to:
•   a positive impact of higher noi from development and newly stabilized development properties in lease-up of $50.8 million and properties acquired in 2015 and 2016 of $15.2 million;

•   a negative impact of lower noi from other non-same store properties (including three master-leased properties) of $1.2 million; and

•   a negative impact of lost noi from 2015 and 2016 dispositions of $333.2 million.

the company's guidance assumes consolidated rental acquisitions of $500.0 million and consolidated rental dispositions of $500.0 million and assumes that the acquisition cap rate will be 0.50% lower than the disposition yield for the full year ending december 31, 2018.  the company currently budgets one development start during the year ending december 31, 2018.  we currently budget spending approximately $150.0 million on development costs during the year ending december 31, 2018, primarily for projects currently under construction and on the one project expected to start in 2018.  we assume that this capital will be primarily sourced with excess operating cash flow, future debt offerings and borrowings on our revolving credit facility and/or commercial paper program.  these 2018 assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2017 to the year ended december 31, 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 to the year ended december 31, 2015
for the year ended december 31, 2017, the company reported diluted earnings per share/unit of $1.63 compared to $11.68 per share/unit for the year ended december 31, 2016.  the difference is primarily due to approximately $10.16 per share/unit in higher gains on property sales and $0.14 per share/unit in higher gains on sales of non-operating assets in 2016 compared to 2017 as a direct result of the significant sales activity in 2016 compared to 2017, partially offset by $0.29 per share/unit in higher debt extinguishment costs incurred in 2016 as compared to 2017.  for the year ended december 31, 2016, the company reported diluted earnings per share/unit of $11.68 compared to $2.36 per share/unit for the year ended december 31, 2015.  the difference is primarily due to approximately $9.69 per share/unit in higher gains on property sales and $0.18 per share/unit in higher gains on sales of non-operating assets in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a direct result of the significant sales activity in 2016, partially offset by $0.30 per share/unit in higher debt extinguishment costs and lower overall noi as a result of the sales noted above in 2016 compared to 2015.
income from continuing operations decreased approximately $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year.  income from continuing operations increased $3.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year.  see below for further explanation.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, consolidated rental income increased 2.0%, consolidated operating expenses (comprised of property and maintenance and real estate taxes and insurance) increased 2.3% and consolidated noi increased 1.9% when compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.  the increase in noi is primarily a result of the company's improved noi from same store and lease-up properties, partially offset by dilution from disposition activity.  for the year ended december 31, 2016, consolidated rental income decreased 11.5%, consolidated operating expenses (comprised of property and maintenance and real estate taxes and insurance) decreased 11.6% and consolidated noi decreased 11.5% when compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.  the declines are all primarily a result of the company's significant disposition activity in 2016.
fee and asset management revenues decreased approximately $2.9 million or 79.9% and $4.8 million or 57.5% during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily as a result of lower revenue earned on management of the company's military housing ventures at joint base lewis mcchord due to the sale of the company's entire interest in the management contracts and related rights associated with these ventures in the second quarter of 2016.
property management expenses include off-site expenses associated with the self-management of the company's properties as well as management fees paid to any third party management companies.  these expenses increased approximately $3.5 million or 4.2% during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year.  the increase is primarily attributable to increases in education/conference fees, legal fees, office rent, and payroll-related costs.  these expenses decreased approximately $4.2 million or 4.9% during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year.  this decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in payroll-related costs, office rent and education/conference fees, partially offset by increases in computer operations costs.  the company anticipates that property management expenses will
42
approximate $88.5 million to $90.5 million for the year ending december 31, 2018.
general and administrative expenses from continuing operations, which include corporate operating expenses, decreased approximately $5.6 million or 9.7% and $6.8 million or 10.6% during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in payroll-related costs. the company anticipates that general and administrative expenses will approximate $53.0 million to $55.0 million for the year ending december 31, 2018.
depreciation expense, which includes depreciation on non-real estate assets, increased approximately $38.1 million or 5.4% during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2017 and development properties placed in service in 2016 and 2017, partially offset by lower depreciation from properties sold in 2016 and 2017.  depreciation expense decreased approximately $60.2 million or 7.9% during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of no depreciation or a partial period of depreciation expense during the year ended december 31, 2016 related to the significant property sales in 2016 (including the starwood portfolio), partially offset by additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2016 and development properties placed in service.
interest and other income decreased approximately $59.6 million or 90.7% and increased approximately $58.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to the approximate $52.4 million gain from the sale of the company's entire interest in the management contracts and related rights associated with the military housing ventures at joint base lewis mcchord and approximate $6.0 million gain from the sale of 421-a real estate tax certificates during the year ended december 31, 2016, neither of which occurred in 2017 or 2015.  the company anticipates that interest and other income will approximate $0.5 million to $1.0 million for the year ending december 31, 2018, excluding certain non-comparable insurance/litigation settlement proceeds.
other expenses decreased approximately $5.2 million or 50.0% and increased $7.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to higher litigation/environmental reserve and/or settlement costs in 2016, which did not occur at the same levels in 2017 and 2015, as well as a decrease in annual transaction costs of approximately $1.5 million in 2017.  in addition, the company anticipates that substantially all of its transactions will now be accounted for as asset acquisitions, which means that transaction costs will largely be capitalized, as a result of its adoption of the new definition of a business standard effective january 1, 2017.  see note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, decreased approximately $102.5 million or 20.7% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of $109.9 million in lower debt extinguishment costs in 2017 as compared to 2016.  interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, increased approximately $39.6 million or 8.7% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of prepayment penalties and debt extinguishment costs associated with the repayment of approximately $1.7 billion in debt principal prior to scheduled maturity, partially offset by lower interest expense as a result of these repayments.  the effective interest cost on all indebtedness was 4.44%, 4.68% and 4.72% for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  the company capitalized interest of approximately $26.3 million, $51.5 million and $59.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the company anticipates that interest expense from continuing operations, excluding debt extinguishment costs/prepayment penalties, will approximate $370.5 million to $383.1 million and capitalized interest will approximate $4.0 million to $8.0 million for the year ending december 31, 2018.
income and other tax expense from continuing operations decreased approximately $1.1 million or 70.4% and increased approximately $0.7 million or 75.9% during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to changes in various state and local taxes related to the company's elevated disposition activity in 2016 compared to 2017 and 2015.  the company anticipates that income and other tax expense will approximate $0.5 million to $1.0 million for the year ending december 31, 2018.
the 2018 guidance/projections provided above are based on current projections and are forward-looking.
income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities decreased approximately $8.2 million and $10.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively.  the decrease in 2017 is primarily due to a gain on the sale of one unconsolidated apartment property totaling $8.8 million in 2016 that did not occur in 2017.  the decrease in 2016 is primarily due to $18.6 million in favorable litigation
43
settlements which occurred during the year ended december 31, 2015, partially offset by a gain on the sale of one unconsolidated apartment property totaling $8.8 million which occurred during the year ended december 31, 2016.
net gain (loss) on sales of real estate properties decreased approximately $3.9 billion or 96.1% and increased approximately $3.7 billion during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, as a result of the sale of 98 consolidated apartment properties (including the starwood portfolio) during the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to only five consolidated apartment property sales during the year ended december 31, 2017 and eight consolidated property sales during the year ended december 31, 2015, all of which did not meet the criteria for reporting discontinued operations.
net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels increased approximately $3.4 million or 21.8% due to the gain on sale of one land parcel with a low basis during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the gain on sales of four land parcels during the year ended december 31, 2016.  net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels increased approximately $15.7 million due to the gain on sale of four land parcels during the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to no land sales during the year ended december 31, 2015.
liquidity and capital resources short-term liquidity and cash proceeds the company generally expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements, including capital expenditures related to maintaining its existing properties and scheduled unsecured note and mortgage note repayments, through its working capital, net cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under the company's revolving credit facility and commercial paper program.  under normal operating conditions, the company considers its cash provided by operating activities to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payments of distributions.
as of january 1, 2017, the company had approximately $77.2 million of cash and cash equivalents, approximately $141.9 million of restricted deposits and the amount available on its revolving credit facility was $1.96 billion (net of $20.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $20.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program).  after taking into effect the various transactions discussed in the following paragraphs and the net cash provided by operating activities, at december 31, 2017, the company's cash and cash equivalents balance was approximately $58.3 million, the restricted deposits balance was approximately $50.1 million and the amount available on its revolving credit facility was $1.69 billion (net of $6.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $300.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program).
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company generated proceeds from various transactions, which included the following:
•   disposed of five consolidated rental properties and one land parcel, receiving net proceeds of approximately $384.6 million;

•   issued $400.0 million of ten-year 3.25% unsecured notes, receiving net proceeds of approximately $399.3 million before underwriting fees, hedge termination costs and other expenses;

•   issued $300.0 million of thirty-year 4.00% unsecured notes, receiving net proceeds of approximately $293.2 million before underwriting fees and other expenses; and

•   issued approximately 0.9 million common shares related to share option exercises and espp purchases and received net proceeds of $35.3 million, which were contributed to the capital of the operating partnership in exchange for additional op units (on a one-for-one common share per op unit basis).

during the year ended december 31, 2017, the above proceeds along with net cash flow from operations and borrowings from the company's revolving line of credit and commercial paper program were primarily utilized to:
•   acquire four consolidated rental properties for approximately $466.4 million in cash;

•   invest $276.4 million primarily in development projects;

•   repay $504.1 million of mortgage loans (inclusive of scheduled principal repayments) and incur prepayment penalties of approximately $12.3 million; and

•   repay $498.0 million of unsecured notes at maturity.

44
credit facility and commercial paper program on november 3, 2016, the company replaced its existing $2.5 billion facility with a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing january 10, 2022.  the company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional $750.0 million by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments.  the interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be libor plus a spread (currently 0.825%), or based on bids received from the lending group, and the company pays an annual facility fee (currently 12.5 basis points).  both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the company's long-term debt.
on february 2, 2015, the company entered into an unsecured commercial paper note program in the united states.  the company may borrow up to a maximum of $500.0 million under this program subject to market conditions.  the notes will be sold under customary terms in the united states commercial paper note market and will rank pari passu with all of the company's other unsecured senior indebtedness.  as of february 16, 2018, there was a balance of $320.0 million outstanding on the commercial paper program.
as of february 16, 2018, no amounts were outstanding and the amount available on the revolving credit facility was $1.67 billion (net of $6.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of the $320.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program).  this facility may, among other potential uses, be used to fund property acquisitions, costs for certain properties under development and short-term liquidity requirements.
dividend policy for the past several years, the company adhered to a policy of paying its annual dividends/distributions based on 65% of the midpoint of the range of initial normalized ffo guidance customarily provided at the beginning of each year as part of the company's fourth quarter earnings release.  the company's 2017 regular annual dividend/distribution payout was $2.015 per share/unit and the company paid four regular quarterly dividends/distributions of $0.50375 per share/unit in 2017.
beginning in 2018, the company will no longer determine its dividends/distributions as a fixed percentage of estimated normalized ffo but will instead adopt a more conventional policy based on actual and projected financial conditions, the company's actual and projected liquidity and operating results, the company's projected cash needs for capital expenditures and other investment activities and such other factors as the company's board of trustees deems relevant.  the company currently expects to declare a dividend/distribution for the first quarter of 2018 of $0.54 per share/unit, an annualized increase of 7.2% over the amount paid in 2017.  this policy change is supported by the company's strong growth in property operations since the recent economic downturn and a significant reduction in its development activity resulting in a material increase in available cash flow.  all future dividends/distributions remain subject to the discretion of the company's board of trustees.  the company believes that its expected 2018 operating cash flow will be sufficient to cover capital expenditures and regular dividends/distributions.
total dividends/distributions paid in january 2018 amounted to $192.8 million (excluding distributions on partially owned properties), which included certain distributions declared during the fourth quarter ended december 31, 2017.
long-term financing and capital needs the company expects to meet its long-term liquidity requirements, such as lump sum unsecured note and mortgage debt maturities, property acquisitions, financing of construction and development activities through the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities, including additional op units, proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties and joint ventures and cash generated from operations after all distributions.  in addition, the company has significant unencumbered properties available to secure additional mortgage borrowings in the event that the public capital markets are unavailable or the cost of alternative sources of capital is too high.  the fair value of and cash flow from these unencumbered properties are in excess of the requirements the company must maintain in order to comply with covenants under its unsecured notes, line of credit and commercial paper program.  of the $26.0 billion in investment in real estate on the company's balance sheet at december 31, 2017, $20.1 billion or 77.1% was unencumbered.  however, there can be no assurances that these sources of capital will be available to the company in the future on acceptable terms or otherwise.
eqr issues public equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of the operating partnership.  eqr does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the operating partnership.
45
the company's total debt summary and debt maturity schedules as of december 31, 2017 are as follows:
debt summary as of december 31, 2017
($ in thousands)
amounts (1)        % of total          weighted           weighted average            average rates (1)          maturities
(years)

secured                                        $3,618,722            40.4   %          4.33   %             5.6
unsecured                                       5,338,569            59.6   %          4.17   %            10.6
total                                          $8,957,291           100.0   %          4.24   %             8.6
fixed rate debt:
secured - conventional                         $2,982,344            33.3   %          4.90   %             4.0
unsecured - public                              4,591,373            51.3   %          4.61   %            12.2
fixed rate debt                                 7,573,717            84.6   %          4.73   %             9.0
floating rate debt:
secured - conventional                              6,948             0.1   %          1.05   %            12.2
secured - tax exempt                              629,430             7.0   %          1.56   %            12.2
unsecured - public (2)                            447,439             5.0   %          1.82   %             1.5
unsecured - revolving credit facility                   -               -              2.00   %             3.9
unsecured - commercial paper program              299,757             3.3   %          1.41   %               -
floating rate debt                              1,383,574            15.4   %          1.62   %             6.3
total                                          $8,957,291           100.0   %          4.24   %             8.6
(1)   net of the effect of any derivative instruments. weighted average rates are for the year ended december 31, 2017.

(2)   fair value interest rate swaps convert the $450.0 million 2.375% notes due july 1, 2019 to a floating interest rate of 90-day libor plus 0.61%.

debt maturity schedule as of december 31, 2017
($ in thousands)
year                     fixed                        floating                       total               % of total           weighted average           weighted average rate (1)                      rate (1)                                                                    rates on                   rates on fixed rate debt (1)           total debt (1)

2018             $49,734                      $397,235       (2)            $446,969                 4.9   %                    5.55   %                  2.17   %
2019             506,731       (3)             468,603                       975,334                10.8   %                    5.17   %                  3.62   %
2020           1,678,592       (4)                 400                     1,678,992                18.5   %                    5.49   %                  5.49   %
2021             927,506                           300                       927,806                10.2   %                    4.64   %                  4.64   %
2022             265,341                           400                       265,741                 2.9   %                    3.26   %                  3.26   %
2023           1,326,800                         4,400                     1,331,200                14.7   %                    3.74   %                  3.73   %
2024               1,272                        10,500                        11,772                 0.1   %                    4.79   %                  2.07   %
2025             451,334                        12,800                       464,134                 5.1   %                    3.38   %                  3.33   %
2026             593,424                        14,000                       607,424                 6.7   %                    3.59   %                  3.54   %
2027             401,468                        15,200                       416,668                 4.6   %                    3.26   %                  3.20   %
2028+           1,424,969                       520,065                     1,945,034                21.5   %                    4.41   %                  3.67   %
subtotal           7,627,171                     1,443,903                     9,071,074               100.0   %                    4.48   %                  3.97   %
deferred financing costs and             (53,454   )                   (60,329   )                  (113,783   )             n/a                         n/a                       n/a unamortized (discount)
total          $7,573,717                    $1,383,574                    $8,957,291               100.0   %                    4.48   %                  3.97   %
(1)   net of the effect of any derivative instruments. weighted average rates are as of december 31, 2017.

(2)   includes $300.0 million in principal outstanding on the company's commercial paper program.

(3)   includes a $500.0 million 5.19% mortgage loan with a maturity date of october 1, 2019 that can be prepaid at par beginning october 1, 2018. the company currently intends to prepay this mortgage loan on october 1, 2018.

(4)   includes a $550.0 million 6.08% mortgage loan with a maturity date of march 1, 2020 that can be prepaid at par beginning march 1, 2019. the company prepaid this mortgage loan on january 31, 2018 and incurred approximately $22.5 million in debt extinguishment costs/prepayment penalties. also includes a $500.0 million 5.78% mortgage loan with a maturity date of july 1, 2020 that can be prepaid at par beginning july 1, 2019.

46
see note 8 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of the company's debt at december 31, 2017.
the company's "consolidated debt-to-total market capitalization ratio" as of december 31, 2017 is presented in the following table.  the company calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding common shares and assumed conversion of all units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the company's common shares on the new york stock exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preferred shares outstanding.
equity residential capital structure as of december 31, 2017
(amounts in thousands except for share/unit and per share amounts)
secured debt                                                          $3,618,722         40.4    %

unsecured debt                                                                              5,338,569      59.6   %
total debt                                                                                  8,957,291     100.0   %      26.9   %
common shares (includes restricted shares)             368,018,082      96.4   %
units (includes op units and restricted units)          13,768,438       3.6   %
total shares and units                                 381,786,520     100.0   %
common share price at december 31, 2017          $63.77
24,346,526      99.8   %
perpetual preferred equity                                                                     37,280       0.2   %
total equity                                                                               24,383,806     100.0   %      73.1   %
total market capitalization                                                               $33,341,097                   100.0   %
the operating partnership's "consolidated debt-to-total market capitalization ratio" as of december 31, 2017 is presented in the following table.  the operating partnership calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the company's common shares on the new york stock exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preference units outstanding.
erp operating limited partnership capital structure as of december 31, 2017
(amounts in thousands except for unit and per unit amounts)
secured debt                                        $3,618,722         40.4    %

unsecured debt                                                         5,338,569      59.6   %
total debt                                                             8,957,291     100.0   %      26.9   %
total outstanding units                         381,786,520
common share price at december 31, 2017   $63.77
24,346,526      99.8   %
perpetual preference units                                                37,280       0.2   %
total equity                                                          24,383,806     100.0   %      73.1   %
total market capitalization                                          $33,341,097                   100.0   %
in september 2009, eqr announced the establishment of an at-the-market ("atm") share offering program which would allow eqr to sell common shares from time to time into the existing trading market at current market prices as well as through negotiated transactions.  per the terms of erpop's partnership agreement, eqr contributes the net proceeds from all equity offerings to the capital of erpop in exchange for additional op units (on a one-for-one common share per op unit basis).  eqr may, but shall have no obligation to, sell common shares through the atm share offering program in amounts and at times to be determined by eqr.  actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by eqr from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of eqr's common shares and determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for eqr.  the program currently has a maturity of june 2019.  eqr has the authority to issue 13.0 million shares but has not issued any shares under this program since september 2012.  through february 16, 2018, eqr has cumulatively issued approximately 16.7 million common shares at an average price of $48.53 per share for total consideration of approximately $809.9 million.
depending on its analysis of market prices, economic conditions and other opportunities for the investment of available capital, eqr may repurchase its common shares pursuant to its existing share repurchase program authorized by the board of trustees.  the company may repurchase up to 13.0 million common shares under this program.  no open market repurchases
47
have occurred since 2008.  as of february 16, 2018, eqr has remaining authorization to repurchase up to 13.0 million of its shares.
eqr and erpop currently have an active universal shelf registration statement for the issuance of equity and debt securities that automatically became effective upon filing with the sec on june 28, 2016 and expires on june 28, 2019.  per the terms of erpop's partnership agreement, eqr contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of erpop in exchange for additional op units (on a one-for-one common share per op unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis).
erpop's long-term senior debt ratings and short-term commercial paper ratings as well as eqr's long-term preferred equity ratings, which all have a stable outlook, as of february 16, 2018 are as follows:
standard &amp;   moody's     fitch poor's

erpop's long-term senior debt rating         a-               a3 (1)     a (1)
erpop's short-term commercial paper rating   a-2              p-2        f-1 (1)
eqr's long-term preferred equity rating      bbb              baa1 (1)   bbb+ (1)
(1)   the long-term credit ratings listed above reflect the one-level upgrade by moody's effective july 17, 2017. the credit ratings listed above reflect the one-level upgrade by fitch effective november 29, 2017.

see note 18 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the events which occurred subsequent to december 31, 2017.
capitalization of fixed assets and improvements to real estate our policy with respect to capital expenditures is generally to capitalize expenditures that improve the value of the property or extend the useful life of the component asset of the property.  we track improvements to real estate in three major categories and several subcategories:
▪   replacements (inside the apartment unit). these include:

•   flooring such as carpets, hardwood, vinyl or tile;

•   appliances;

•   mechanical equipment such as individual furnace/air units, hot water heaters, etc;

•   furniture and fixtures such as kitchen/bath cabinets, light fixtures, ceiling fans, sinks, tubs, toilets, mirrors, countertops, etc; and

•   blinds.

all replacements are depreciated over a five to ten-year estimated useful life.  we expense as incurred all make-ready maintenance and turnover costs such as cleaning, interior painting of individual apartment units and the repair of any replacement item noted above.
▪   building improvements (outside the apartment unit). these include:

•   roof replacement and major repairs;

•   paving or major resurfacing of parking lots, curbs and sidewalks;

•   amenities and common areas such as pools, exterior sports and playground equipment, lobbies, clubhouses, laundry rooms, alarm and security systems and offices;

•   major building mechanical equipment systems;

•   interior and exterior structural repair and exterior painting and siding;

•   major landscaping and grounds improvement; and

•   vehicles and office and maintenance equipment.

all building improvements are depreciated over a five to fifteen-year estimated useful life.  we capitalize building improvements and upgrades only if the item: (i) exceeds $2,500 (selected projects must exceed $10,000); (ii) extends the useful life of the asset; and (iii) improves the value of the asset.
48
the third major category is renovations, which primarily consists of expenditures for kitchens and baths designed to reposition the apartment units/properties for higher rental levels in their respective markets.  all renovation expenditures are depreciated over a ten-year estimated useful life.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, our actual capital expenditures to real estate included the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts):
capital expenditures to real estate for the year ended december 31, 2017
same stores properties (5)     non-same store properties/other (6)        total         same store avg. per apartment unit

total apartment units (1)                            70,117                                   7,549          77,666
building improvements (2)                          $114,162                                  $3,966        $118,128                                  $1,628
renovation expenditures (3)                          44,418                                     888          45,306                                     634
replacements (4)                                     38,560                                     613          39,173                                     550
total capital expenditures                         $197,140                                  $5,467        $202,607                                  $2,812
(1)   total apartment units - excludes 945 unconsolidated apartment units for which capital expenditures to real estate are self-funded and do not consolidate into the company's results.

(2)   building improvements - includes roof replacement, paving, building mechanical equipment systems, exterior siding and painting, major landscaping, furniture, fixtures and equipment for amenities and common areas, vehicles and office and maintenance equipment.

(3)   renovation expenditures - apartment unit renovation costs (primarily kitchens and baths) designed to reposition these units for higher rental levels in their respective markets. amounts for 3,371 same store apartment units approximated $13,200 per apartment unit renovated.

(4)   replacements - includes appliances, mechanical equipment, fixtures and flooring (including hardwood and carpeting).

(5)   same store properties - primarily includes all properties acquired or completed that are stabilized prior to january 1, 2016, less properties subsequently sold.

(6)   non-same store properties/other - primarily includes all properties acquired during 2016 and 2017, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of january 1, 2016. also includes capital expenditures for properties sold.

for the year ended december 31, 2016, our actual capital expenditures to real estate included the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts):
capital expenditures to real estate for the year ended december 31, 2016
total         replacements      avg. per        building        avg. per         total         avg. per apartment           (2)          apartment      improvements     apartment                      apartment units (1)                           unit            (3)             unit                           unit

same store properties (4)              69,879           $75,298        $1,077           $80,890   $1,158              $156,188   $2,235
non-same store properties (5)           6,634             4,494           851             7,685          1,456          12,179          2,307
other (6)                                   -             2,744                           1,066                          3,810
total                                  76,513           $82,536                         $89,641                       $172,177
(1)   total apartment units - excludes 945 unconsolidated apartment units for which capital expenditures to real estate are self-funded and do not consolidate into the company's results.

(2)   replacements - includes new expenditures inside the apartment units such as appliances, mechanical equipment, fixtures and flooring, including carpeting. replacements for same store properties also include $47.0 million spent during 2016 on apartment unit renovations (primarily kitchens and baths) on approximately 4,200 same store apartment units (equating to approximately $11,200 per apartment unit renovated) designed to reposition these units for higher rental levels in their respective markets.

(3)   building improvements - includes roof replacement, paving, amenities and common areas, building mechanical equipment systems, exterior painting and siding, major landscaping, vehicles and office and maintenance equipment.

49
(4)   same store properties - primarily includes all properties acquired or completed and stabilized prior to january 1, 2015, less properties subsequently sold.

(5)   non-same store properties - primarily includes all properties acquired during 2015 and 2016, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of january 1, 2015. per apartment unit amounts are based on a weighted average of 5,279 apartment units.

(6)   other - primarily includes expenditures for properties sold and properties under development.

the company estimates that during 2018 it will spend approximately $2,900 per same store apartment unit or $210.0 million of total capital expenditures to real estate.  during 2018, the company expects to spend approximately $60.0 million for apartment unit renovation expenditures on approximately 4,500 same store apartment units at an average cost of approximately $13,300 per apartment unit renovated.  the anticipated total capital expenditures to real estate amounts represent approximately the same percentage of same store revenues, but an increase in the cost per unit and in the absolute dollar amounts over 2017.  the company plans to continue the elevated capital expenditures for investment in customer-facing building improvements (leasing offices, fitness centers, common areas, etc.) to enhance the quality of our properties and to protect our competitive position given the new luxury supply opening in many of our markets.  we also expect to maintain our elevated spending on sustainability projects and renovation expenditures during 2018.  the above assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company's total non-real estate capital additions, such as computer software, computer equipment, and furniture and fixtures and leasehold improvements to the company's property management offices and its corporate offices, were approximately $1.5 million.  the company expects to fund approximately $6.6 million in total non-real estate capital additions in 2018.  these anticipated fundings represent an increase over 2017, which is primarily driven by anticipated hardware and software upgrades to various existing systems during 2018.  the above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking.
capital expenditures to real estate and non-real estate capital additions are generally funded from net cash provided by operating activities and from investment cash flow.
derivative instruments in the normal course of business, the company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes.  the company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments.  the company may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business.
the company has a policy of only entering into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors.  when viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the company has not sustained a material loss from these instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives it currently has in place.
see note 9 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of derivative instruments at december 31, 2017.
50
definitions the definition of certain terms described above or below are as follows:
•   acquisition cap rate - noi that the company anticipates receiving in the next 12 months (or the year two or three stabilized noi for properties that are in lease-up at acquisition) less an estimate of property management costs/management fees allocated to the project (generally ranging from 2.0% to 4.0% of revenues depending on the size and income streams of the asset) and less an estimate for in-the-unit replacement capital expenditures (generally ranging from $100-$450 per apartment unit depending on the age and condition of the asset) divided by the gross purchase price of the asset. the weighted average acquisition cap rate for acquired properties is weighted based on the projected noi streams and the relative purchase price for each respective property.

•   disposition yield - noi that the company anticipates giving up in the next 12 months less an estimate of property management costs/management fees allocated to the project (generally ranging from 2.0% to 4.0% of revenues depending on the size and income streams of the asset) and less an estimate for in-the-unit replacement capital expenditures (generally ranging from $100-$450 per apartment unit depending on the age and condition of the asset) divided by the gross sale price of the asset. the weighted average disposition yield for sold properties is weighted based on the projected noi streams and the relative sales price for each respective property.

•   unlevered internal rate of return ("irr") - the unlevered irr on sold properties is the compound annual rate of return calculated by the company based on the timing and amount of: (i) the gross purchase price of the property plus any direct acquisition costs incurred by the company; (ii) total revenues earned during the company's ownership period; (iii) total direct property operating expenses (including real estate taxes and insurance) incurred during the company's ownership period; (iv) capital expenditures incurred during the company's ownership period; and (v) the gross sales price of the property net of selling costs. each of the items (i) through (v) is calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap").

off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations the company has various unconsolidated interests in certain joint ventures.  the company does not believe that these unconsolidated investments have a materially different impact on its liquidity, cash flows, capital resources, credit or market risk than its consolidated operating and/or other activities.  see also notes 2 and 6 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion regarding the company's investments in partially owned entities.  see also note 16 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion regarding the company's development projects.
the following table summarizes the company's contractual obligations for the next five years and thereafter as of december 31, 2017:
payments due by year (in thousands)

contractual obligations        2018                     2019                      2020                      2021                      2022                         thereafter                  unamortized                 total cost/discounts debt:
principal (a)                            $446,969                  $975,334                $1,678,992                  $927,806                 $265,741           $4,776,232                  $(113,783           )       $8,957,291
interest (b)                              351,717                   320,525                   251,656                   214,538                  175,055                   1,677,696                     -                         2,991,187
operating leases:
minimum rent payments (c)                  16,506                    16,366                    15,963                    15,743                   13,406                     878,935                     -                           956,919
other long-term liabilities:
deferred compensation (d)                   1,390                     1,135                     1,086                     1,086                    1,086                       4,016                     -                             9,799
total                                    $816,582                $1,313,360                $1,947,697                $1,159,173                 $455,288           $7,336,879                  $(113,783           )       $12,915,196
(a)   amounts include aggregate principal payments only.

(b)   amounts include interest expected to be incurred on the company's secured and unsecured debt based on obligations outstanding at december 31, 2017 and inclusive of capitalized interest. for floating rate debt, the current rate in effect for the most recent payment through december 31, 2017 is assumed to be in effect through the respective maturity date of each instrument.

(c)   minimum basic rent due for various office space the company leases and fixed base rent due on ground leases for 12 properties.

(d)   estimated payments to the company's chairman, vice chairman and one former ceo based on actual and estimated retirement dates.

51
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions.  if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or different presentation of our financial statements.
the company's significant accounting policies are described in note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.  these policies were followed in preparing the consolidated financial statements at and for the year ended december 31, 2017 and are materially consistent with the year ended december 31, 2016.
the company has identified five significant accounting policies as critical accounting policies.  these critical accounting policies are those that have the most impact on the reporting of our financial condition and those requiring significant judgments and estimates.  with respect to these critical accounting policies, management believes that the application of judgments and estimates is consistently applied and produces financial information that fairly presents the results of operations for all periods presented.  the five critical accounting policies are:
acquisition of investment properties the company allocates the purchase price of properties that meet the definition of an asset acquisition to net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired based on their relative fair values.  in making estimates of relative fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the company utilizes a number of sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property, our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data.  the company also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities in estimating the relative fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired.
impairment of long-lived assets the company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investments in real estate, for indicators of impairment.  the judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions and legal and environmental concerns, as well as the company's ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset.  future events could occur which would cause the company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and an impairment loss is warranted.
depreciation of investment in real estate the company depreciates the building component of its investment in real estate over a 30-year estimated useful life, building improvements over a 5-year to 15-year estimated useful life, both the furniture, fixtures and equipment and replacement components over a 5-year to 10-year estimated useful life and the renovations component over a 10-year estimated useful life, all of which are judgmental determinations.
cost capitalization see the capitalization of fixed assets and improvements to real estate section for a discussion of the company's policy with respect to capitalization vs. expensing of fixed asset/repair and maintenance costs.  in addition, the company capitalizes an allocation of the payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of major capital and/or renovation projects.  these costs are reflected on the balance sheets as increases to depreciable property.
for all development projects, the company uses its professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred.  the company capitalizes interest, real estate taxes and insurance and payroll and associated costs for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on development activities, with capitalization ceasing no later than 90 days following issuance of the certificate of occupancy.  these costs are reflected on the balance sheets as construction-in-progress for each specific property.  the company expenses as incurred all payroll costs of on-site employees working directly at our properties, except as noted above on our development properties prior to certificate of occupancy issuance and on specific major renovations at selected properties when additional incremental employees are hired.
52
during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the company capitalized $14.7 million, $18.7 million and $22.3 million, respectively, of payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of development activities as well as major capital and/or renovation projects.
fair value of financial instruments, including derivative instruments the valuation of financial instruments requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments.  the company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes.  where these are not available, the company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments.
funds from operations and normalized funds from operations the following is the company's and the operating partnership's reconciliation of net income to ffo available to common shares and units / units and normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units for each of the five years ended december 31, 2017:
funds from operations and normalized funds from operations
(amounts in thousands)
year ended december 31,

2017                        2016                         2015                        2014                        2013
net income                                                                                             $628,381                   $4,480,104                    $908,018                    $658,683                   $1,905,353
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - partially owned properties                  (2,323   )                  (16,430   )                  (3,657   )                  (2,544   )                      538
preferred distributions                                                                                  (3,091   )                   (3,091   )                  (3,357   )                  (4,145   )                   (4,145   )
premium on redemption of preferred shares/preference units                                                    -                            -                      (3,486   )                       -                            -
net income available to common shares and units / units                                                 622,967                    4,460,583                     897,518                     651,994                    1,901,746
adjustments:
depreciation                                                                                            743,749                      705,649                     765,895                     758,861                      978,973
depreciation - non-real estate additions                                                                 (5,023   )                   (5,224   )                  (4,981   )                  (4,643   )                   (4,806   )
depreciation - partially owned properties                                                                (4,526   )                   (3,805   )                  (4,332   )                  (4,285   )                   (6,499   )
depreciation - unconsolidated properties                                                                  4,577                        4,745                       4,920                       6,754                        3,661
net (gain) loss on sales of unconsolidated entities - operating assets                                      (73   )                   (8,841   )                    (100   )                  (4,902   )                       (7   )
net (gain) loss on sales of real estate properties                                                     (157,057   )               (4,044,055   )                (335,134   )                (212,685   )                        -
noncontrolling interests share of gain (loss) on sales of real estate properties                            290                       14,521                           -                           -                            -
discontinued operations:
depreciation                                                                                                  -                            -                           -                           -                       34,380
net (gain) loss on sales of discontinued operations                                                           -                          (43   )                       -                        (179   )               (2,036,505   )
net incremental gain (loss) on sales of condominium                                                           -                            -                           -                           -                            8
units gain (loss) on sale of equity corporate housing (ech)                                                         -                            -                           -                           -                        1,470
ffo available to common shares and units / units (1) (3) (4)                                          1,204,904                    1,123,530                   1,323,786                   1,190,915                      872,421
adjustments:
asset impairment and valuation allowances                                                                 1,693                            -                           -                           -                            -
write-off of pursuit costs                                                                                3,106                        4,092                       3,208                       3,607                        5,184
debt extinguishment (gains) losses, including prepayment penalties,                                      11,789                      121,694                       5,704                      (1,110   )                  121,730
preferred share redemptions and non-cash convertible debt discounts
(gains) losses on sales of non-operating assets, net of income and                                      (18,884   )                  (73,301   )                 (18,805   )                   2,421                       36,096
tax expense (benefit)
other miscellaneous items                                                                                (3,371   )                    3,635                       3,909                         613                       21,642
normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units (2) (3) (4)                              $1,199,237                   $1,179,650                  $1,317,802                  $1,196,446                   $1,057,073
ffo (1) (3)                                                                                          $1,207,995                   $1,126,621                  $1,330,629                  $1,195,060                     $876,566
preferred/preference distributions                                                                       (3,091   )                   (3,091   )                  (3,357   )                  (4,145   )                   (4,145   )
premium on redemption of preferred shares/preference units                                                    -                            -                      (3,486   )                       -                            -
ffo available to common shares and units / units (1) (3) (4)                                         $1,204,904                   $1,123,530                  $1,323,786                  $1,190,915                     $872,421
normalized ffo (2) (3)                                                                               $1,202,328                   $1,182,741                  $1,321,159                  $1,200,591                   $1,061,218
preferred/preference distributions                                                                       (3,091   )                   (3,091   )                  (3,357   )                  (4,145   )                   (4,145   )
normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units (2) (3) (4)                              $1,199,237                   $1,179,650                  $1,317,802                  $1,196,446                   $1,057,073
(1)   the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") defines funds from operations ("ffo") (april 2002 white paper) as net income (computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap")), excluding gains (or losses) from sales and impairment write-downs of depreciable operating properties, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. the april 2002 white paper states that gain or loss on sales of property is excluded from ffo for previously depreciated operating properties only.

53
(2)   normalized funds from operations ("normalized ffo") begins with ffo and excludes:

•   the impact of any expenses relating to non-operating asset impairment and valuation allowances;

•   pursuit cost write-offs;

•   gains and losses from early debt extinguishment, including prepayment penalties, preferred share/preference unit redemptions and the cost related to the implied option value of non-cash convertible debt discounts;

•   gains and losses on the sales of non-operating assets, including gains and losses from land parcel sales, net of the effect of income tax benefits or expenses; and

•   other miscellaneous items.

(3)   the company believes that ffo and ffo available to common shares and units / units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company, because they are recognized measures of performance by the real estate industry and by excluding gains or losses related to dispositions of depreciable property and excluding real estate depreciation (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), ffo and ffo available to common shares and units / units can help compare the operating performance of a company's real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. the company also believes that normalized ffo and normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company because they allow investors to compare the company's operating performance to its performance in prior reporting periods and to the operating performance of other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period and tend to obscure the company's actual operating results. ffo, ffo available to common shares and units / units, normalized ffo and normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units do not represent net income, net income available to common shares / units or net cash flows from operating activities in accordance with gaap. therefore, ffo, ffo available to common shares and units / units, normalized ffo and normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units should not be exclusively considered as alternatives to net income, net income available to common shares / units or net cash flows from operating activities as determined by gaap or as a measure of liquidity. the company's calculation of ffo, ffo available to common shares and units / units, normalized ffo and normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units may differ from other real estate companies due to, among other items, variations in cost capitalization policies for capital expenditures and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other real estate companies.

(4)   ffo available to common shares and units / units and normalized ffo available to common shares and units / units are calculated on a basis consistent with net income available to common shares / units and reflects adjustments to net income for preferred distributions and premiums on redemption of preferred shares/preference units in accordance with gaap. the equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the operating partnership in exchange for op units are collectively referred to as the "noncontrolling interests - operating partnership". subject to certain restrictions, the noncontrolling interests - operating partnership may exchange their op units for common shares on a one-for-one basis.

