risk factors and the other information in this form 10-k. the risks that entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. there may be additional risks and uncertainties
(either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. see "
forward-looking information
."
utility regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the utility operating companies and system energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that can be lengthy and subject to appeal that could result in delays in effecting rate changes and uncertainty as to ultimate results.
the rates that the utility operating companies and system energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance costs, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. these rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy and each of the utility operating companies and system energy. these rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment, including adjustment upon the initiative of a regulator or affected stakeholders.
in addition, regulators may initiate proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the utility operating companies' base rates and examine, among other things, the reasonableness or prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs and costs associated with capital projects), allowed rates of return and rate base, proposed resource acquisitions, and previously incurred capital expenditures that the operating companies seek to place in rates. the regulators may disallow costs subject to their jurisdiction found not to have been prudently incurred or found not to have been incurred in compliance with applicable tariffs, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. traditional base rate proceedings, as opposed to formula rate plans, generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs, and may or may not be limited in scope or duration by statute. the length of these base rate proceedings can cause the utility operating companies and system energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering costs through rates. decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings.
the base rates of entergy texas are established largely in traditional base rate case proceedings. apart from base rate proceedings, entergy texas has also filed to use rate riders to recover the revenue requirements associated with certain authorized historical costs. for example, entergy texas has recovered distribution-related capital investments through the distribution cost recovery factor rider mechanism, transmission-related capital investments and certain non-fuel miso charges through the transmission cost recovery factor rider mechanism, and miso fuel and energy-related costs through the fixed fuel factor mechanism. entergy texas is also required to make a filing every three years, at a minimum, reconciling its fuel and purchased power costs and fuel factor revenues. in the course of this reconciliation, the puct determines whether eligible fuel and fuel-related expenses and revenues are necessary and reasonable, and makes a prudence finding for each of the fuel-related contracts for the reconciliation period.
between base rate cases, entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi are able to adjust base rates annually through formula rate plans that utilize a forward test year (entergy arkansas) or forward-looking features (entergy mississippi). in response to entergy arkansas's application for a general change in rates in 2015, the apsc approved the formula rate plan tariff proposed by entergy arkansas including its use of a projected year test period and an initial five-year term. the initial five-year term expires in 2021 unless entergy arkansas requests, and the apsc approves, the extension of the formula rate plan tariff for an additional five years through 2026. in the event that entergy arkansas's formula rate plan is terminated or is not extended beyond the initial term, entergy arkansas could file an
275
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy application for a general change in rates that may include a request for continued regulation under a formula rate review mechanism. if entergy mississippi's formula rate plan is terminated, it would revert to the more traditional rate case environment or seek approval of a new formula rate plan. entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi recover fuel and purchased energy and certain non-fuel costs through other apsc-approved and mpsc-approved tariffs, respectively.
entergy louisiana historically sets electric base rates annually through a formula rate plan using an historic test year. the form of the formula rate plan, on a combined basis, was approved in connection with the business combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana and largely followed the formula rate plans that were approved by the lpsc in connection with the full electric base rate cases filed by those companies in february
2013. the formula rate plan was approved for continued use through the test year 2016 filing and included a cap in cost of service increases at a cumulative total of $30 million through the formula rate plan cycle, which cap was not reached. the lpsc also approved in the business combination entergy louisiana's continuation of a mechanism to recover non-fuel miso-related costs, which are calculated separately from the formula rate plan requirements, but embedded in the formula rate plan factor applied on customer bills. this recovery mechanism expired following the
2015 test year, but was renewed for the 2016 test year. miso fuel and energy-related costs are recoverable in entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause. the formula rate plan includes exceptions from the rate cap and sharing requirements for certain large capital investment projects, including acquisition or construction of generating facilities, as well as purchase power agreements approved by the lpsc, among other items. in august 2017, entergy louisiana filed to extend the formula rate plan for an additional three years and to reset rates to the authorized mid-point return on equity of 9.95%. the filing also seeks certain modifications to the formula rate plan, including a narrower, 80 basis points earnings sharing bandwidth and implementation of a rider to recover certain transmission-related investments, when those investments begin delivering benefits to customers. in the event that the electric formula rate plan is not renewed or extended, entergy louisiana would revert to the more traditional rate case environment.
entergy new orleans previously operated under a formula rate plan that ended with the 2011 test year. currently, based on a settlement agreement approved by the city council, with limited exceptions, no action may be taken with respect to entergy new orleans's base rates until rates are implemented from a base rate case that must be filed for its electric and gas operations in 2018. the limited exceptions include implementation of the final year of a four-year phased-in rate increase for its algiers operations in the fifteenth ward of the city of new orleans and certain exceptional cost increases or decreases in its base revenue requirement.
the rates of system energy are established by the ferc, and the costs allowed to be charged pursuant to these rates are, in turn, passed through to the participating utility operating companies through the unit power sales agreement, which allows monthly adjustments to reflect the current operating costs of, and investment in, grand gulf.
the utility operating companies and system energy, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments, and an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments, which is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms. for information regarding rate case proceedings and formula rate plans applicable to the utility operating companies, see note 2 to the financial statements.
the utility operating companies recover fuel, purchased power, and associated costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings.
the utility operating companies recover their fuel, purchased power, and associated costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. because regulatory review can result in the disallowance of incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred, including the cost of replacement power purchased when generators experience outages, with the possibility of refunds to ratepayers, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulators may also initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the utility operating companies and, therefore, there can be no assurance that existing recovery mechanisms will remain unchanged or in effect at all.
276
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the utility operating companies' cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas, power, or other commodities are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers of the costs in rates. on occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. for a description of fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms and information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power costs recovery, see note 2 to the financial statements.
there remains uncertainty regarding the effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies.
the utility operating companies historically have engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities under the terms of the system agreement, which is a rate schedule that had been approved by the ferc. the system agreement terminated in its entirety on august 31, 2016.
there remains uncertainty regarding the long-term effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies because of the significant effect of the agreement on the generation and transmission functions of the utility operating companies and the significant period of time (over 30 years) that it had been in existence. in the absence of the system agreement, there remains uncertainty around the effectiveness of governance processes and the potential absence of federal authority to resolve certain issues among the utility operating companies and their retail regulators.
in addition, although the system agreement terminated in its entirety in august 2016, there are a number of outstanding system agreement proceedings at the ferc that may require future adjustments, including challenges to the level and timing of payments made by entergy arkansas under the system agreement. the outcome and timing of these ferc proceedings and resulting recovery and impact on rates cannot be predicted at this time.
for further information regarding the regulatory proceedings relating to the system agreement, see note 2 to the financial statements.
the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso rto tariff and their participation in the miso rto's wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
on december 19, 2013, the utility operating companies integrated into the miso rto. miso maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and administers wholesale energy and ancillary services markets for market participants in the miso region, including the utility operating companies. the utility operating companies sell capacity, energy, and ancillary services on a bilateral basis to certain wholesale customers and offer available electricity production of their generating facilities into the miso day-ahead and real-time energy markets pursuant to the miso tariff and market rules. the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets. miso tariff rules and system conditions, including transmission congestion, could affect the utility operating companies' ability to sell power in certain regions and/or the economic value of such sales, and miso market rules may change in ways that cause additional risk.
the utility operating companies participate in the miso regional transmission planning process and are subject to risks associated with planning decisions that miso makes in the exercise of control over the planning of the utility operating companies' transmission assets that are under miso's functional control. the utility operating companies pay transmission rates that reflect the cost of transmission projects that the utility operating companies do not own, which could increase cash or financing needs. miso is currently evaluating through its stakeholder process potential changes in the transmission project criteria in miso. these changes, if adopted, could potentially result in a larger
277
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy volume of competitively bid and regionally cost allocated transmission projects. in addition to the cash and financing-related risks arising from the potential additional cost allocation to the utility operating companies from these projects, there is a risk that the utility operating companies' business and financial position could be harmed as a result of lost investment opportunities and other effects that flow from an increased number of competitive projects being approved and constructed that are interconnected with their transmission systems.
further, the terms and conditions of the miso tariff, including provisions related to the design and implementation of wholesale markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs, are subject to regulation by the ferc. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso tariff and their participation in the miso wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. in addition, orders from each of the utility operating companies' respective retail regulators generally require that the utility operating companies make periodic filings setting forth the results of analysis of the costs and benefits realized from miso membership as well as the projected costs and benefits of continued membership in miso and/or requesting approval of their continued membership in miso. these filings have been submitted periodically by each of the utility operating companies as required by their respective retail regulators, and the outcome of the resulting proceedings may affect the utility operating companies' continued membership in miso.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred as a result of severe weather could have material effects on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather.
entergy's and its utility operating companies' results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition can be materially affected by the destructive effects of severe weather. severe weather can also result in significant outages for the customers of the utility operating companies and, therefore, reduced revenues for the utility operating companies during the period of the outages. a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred or revenues lost as a result of severe weather could have a material effect on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather.
nuclear operating, shutdown and regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy)
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities must consistently operate their nuclear power plants at high capacity factors in order to be successful, and lower capacity factors could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the results of operations of certain utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs. consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear power plants at high capacity factors, consistent with safety requirements. for the utility operating companies that own nuclear plants, lower capacity factors can increase production costs by requiring the affected companies to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. for the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants, lower capacity factors directly affect revenues and cash flow from operations. entergy wholesale commodities' forward sales are comprised of various hedge products, many of which have some degree of operational-contingent price risk.
certain unit-contingent contracts guarantee specified minimum capacity factors. in the event plants with these contracts were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, entergy would be subject to price risk for the undelivered power. further, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear forward sales contracts can also be on a firm ld basis, which subjects entergy to increasing price risk as capacity factors decrease. many of these firm hedge products have damages risk, capped through the use of risk management products.
278
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners periodically shut down their nuclear power plants to replenish fuel. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such refueling outages. if refueling outages last longer than anticipated or if unplanned outages arise, entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
outages at nuclear power plants to replenish fuel require the plant to be "turned off." refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and average approximately 30 days in duration. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such planned outages. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or a plant experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and maintenance costs may increase. lower than forecasted capacity factors may cause entergy wholesale commodities to experience reduced revenues and may also create damages risk with certain hedge products as previously discussed.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities face risks related to the purchase of uranium fuel (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication). these risks could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
based upon currently planned fuel cycles, entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provides substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and conversion and enrichment services at what entergy believes are reasonably predictable prices through most of 2018. the nuclear fuel supply portfolio for the entergy wholesale commodities segment is being adjusted to reflect reduced overall requirements related to the planned permanent shutdown of the palisades, pilgrim, indian point 2 and indian point 3 plants over the next two to five years . entergy's ability to purchase nuclear fuel at reasonably predictable prices, however, depends upon the performance reliability of uranium miners. while there are a number of possible alternate suppliers that may be accessed to mitigate any supplier performance failure, the pricing of any such alternate uranium supply from the market will be dependent upon the market for uranium supply at that time. entergy buys uranium from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries, and from time to time purchases from nearly all qualified reliable major market participants worldwide that sell into the u.s. market prices for nuclear fuel have been extremely volatile from time to time in the past. although entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against market risks for several years, costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to normal inherent market uncertainties, and price changes could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities.
entergy's ability to assure nuclear fuel supply also depends upon the performance and reliability of conversion, enrichment, and fabrication services providers. these service providers are fewer in number than uranium suppliers.
for conversion and enrichment services, entergy diversifies its supply by supplier and country and may take special measures to ensure a reliable supply of enriched uranium for fabrication into nuclear fuel. for fabrication services, each plant is dependent upon the performance of the fabricator of that plant's nuclear fuel; therefore, entergy relies upon additional monitoring, inspection, and oversight of the fabrication process to assure reliability and quality of its nuclear fuel. certain of the suppliers and service providers are located in or dependent upon countries, such as russia, in which deteriorating economic conditions or international sanctions could restrict the ability of such suppliers to continue to supply fuel or provide such services. the inability of such suppliers or service providers to perform such obligations could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities.
entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business face the risk that the nrc will change or modify its regulations, suspend, not renew, or revoke their licenses, or increase oversight of their nuclear plants, which could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
under the atomic energy act and energy reorganization act, the nrc regulates the operation of nuclear power plants.
the nrc may modify, suspend, not renew, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the atomic energy act, related regulations, or the terms of the licenses for
279
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy nuclear facilities. the license renewal process in some cases may be the subject of significant public debate and legislative review and scrutiny at the federal and, in some cases, state level, though the decision whether to renew is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the nrc. interested parties may also intervene which could result in prolonged proceedings. a change in the atomic energy act, other applicable statutes, or the applicable regulations or licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and could materially affect the results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition of entergy (through entergy wholesale commodities), its utility operating companies, or system energy. a change in the classification of a plant owned by one of these companies under the nrc's reactor oversight process, which is the nrc's program to collect information about plant performance, assess the information for its safety significance, and provide for appropriate licensee and nrc response, also could cause the owner of the plant to incur material additional costs as a result of the increased oversight activity and potential response costs associated with the change in classification. for additional information concerning the current classification of the plants owned by entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business, see "
regulation of entergy's business

regulation of the nuclear power industry
- nrc reactor oversight process " in part i, item 1 and note 8 to the financial statements.
events at nuclear plants owned by one of these companies, as well as those owned by others, may lead to a change in laws or regulations or the terms of the applicable licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, or may cause the nrc to increase oversight activity or initiate actions to modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility, or impose civil penalties. as a result, if an incident were to occur at any nuclear generating unit, whether an entergy nuclear generating unit or not, it could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities are exposed to risks and costs related to operating and maintaining their nuclear power plants, and their failure to maintain operational efficiency at their nuclear power plants could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the nuclear generating units owned by certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business began commercial operations in the 1970s-1980s. older equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating safely and efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in increased costs, some of which costs may not be fully recoverable by the utility operating companies and system energy in regulatory proceedings. operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. a decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. for the utility operating companies and system energy, this could result in certain costs being stranded and potentially not fully recoverable in regulatory proceedings. for entergy wholesale commodities, this could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments and penalties for failure to perform under their contracts with customers. in addition, the operation and maintenance of entergy's nuclear facilities require the commitment of substantial human resources that can result in increased costs.
the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to the effects of stress corrosion cracking and other corrosion mechanisms on certain materials within plant systems. the issue is applicable at all nuclear units to varying degrees and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-
service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies. developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance.
moreover, entergy is becoming more dependent on fewer suppliers for key parts of entergy's nuclear power plants that may need to be replaced or refurbished. in addition, certain major parts have long lead-times to manufacture
280
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy if an unplanned replacement is needed. this dependence on a reduced number of suppliers and long lead-times on certain major parts for unplanned replacements could result in delays in obtaining qualified replacement parts and, therefore, greater expense for entergy.
the costs associated with the storage of the spent nuclear fuel of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, as well as the costs of and their ability to fully decommission their nuclear power plants, could be significantly affected by the timing of the opening of a spent nuclear fuel disposal facility, as well as interim storage and transportation requirements.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants incur costs for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. the approval of a license for a national repository for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for yucca mountain, nevada, or any interim storage facility, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. for example, while the doe is required by law to proceed with the licensing of yucca mountain and, after the license is granted by the nrc, to construct the repository and commence the receipt of spent fuel, the nrc licensing of the yucca mountain repository is effectively at a standstill. these actions are prolonging the time before spent fuel is removed from entergy's plant sites. because the doe has not accomplished its objectives, it is in non-compliance with the nuclear waste policy act of 1982 and has breached its spent fuel disposal contracts, and entergy has sued the doe for such breach. furthermore, entergy is uncertain as to when the doe will commence acceptance of spent fuel from its facilities for storage or disposal. as a result, continuing future expenditures will be required to increase spent fuel storage capacity at the companies' nuclear sites and maintenance costs on existing storage facilities, including aging management of fuel storage casks, may increase. the costs of on-site storage are also affected by regulatory requirements for such storage. in addition, the availability of a repository or other off-site storage facility for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units and the costs relating to decommissioning. for further information regarding spent fuel storage, see the "
critical accounting estimates

nuclear decommissioning costs
- spent fuel disposal " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 8 to the financial statements.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to pay substantial retrospective premiums imposed under the price-anderson act in the event of a nuclear incident, and losses not covered by insurance could have a material effect on entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the united states and elsewhere. the price-anderson act limits each reactor owner's public liability (off-site) for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool of up to approximately $127.3
million per reactor. with 102 reactors currently participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $13 billion per incident. the limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. as required by the price-anderson act, the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear off-site liability insurance with american nuclear insurers (which is
$450 million for each operating site as of january 1, 2018). claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under the retrospective premiums paid into the secondary insurance pool. as a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages (off-site) in excess of the primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including entergy's utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities plant owners, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the primary insurance level, up to a maximum of approximately $127.3 million per reactor per incident (entergy's maximum total contingent obligation per incident is $1.146 billion). the retrospective premium payment is currently limited to approximately $19 million per year per incident per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the $127.3 million cap.
281
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy neil is a utility industry mutual insurance company, owned by its members, including the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities plants. all member plants could be subject to an annual assessment (retrospective premium of up to 10 times current annual premium for all policies)
should the surplus (reserve) be significantly depleted due to insured losses. as of december 31, 2017, the maximum annual assessment amounts total $112.2 million for the utility plants. retrospective premium insurance available through neil's reinsurance treaty can cover the potential assessments and the entergy wholesale commodities plants currently maintain the retrospective premium insurance to cover those potential assessments.
as an owner of nuclear power plants, entergy participates in industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed the applicable primary insurance coverage and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or the entergy wholesale commodities subsidiaries.
the decommissioning trust fund assets for the nuclear power plants owned by the utility operating companies, system energy and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may not be adequate to meet decommissioning obligations if market performance and other changes decrease the value of assets in the decommissioning trusts, if one or more of entergy's nuclear power plants is retired earlier than the anticipated shutdown date, if the plants cost more to decommission than estimated, or if current regulatory requirements change, which then could require significant additional funding.
owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose. certain of the utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies.
those rate collections, as adjusted from time to time by rate regulators, are generally based upon operating license lives and trust fund balances as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. assets in these trust funds are subject to market fluctuations, will yield uncertain returns that may fall below projected return rates, and may result in losses resulting from the recognition of impairments of the value of certain securities held in these trust funds.
in connection with the acquisition of certain nuclear plants, the entergy wholesale commodities plant owners acquired decommissioning trust funds that are funded in accordance with nrc regulations. under nrc regulations, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear subsidiaries are permitted to project the nrc-required decommissioning amount, based on an nrc formula or a site-specific estimate, and the amount that will be available in each of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plant's decommissioning trusts combined with other decommissioning financial assurances in place. the projections are made based on the operating license expiration date and the mid-
point of the subsequent decommissioning process, or the anticipated actual completion of decommissioning if a site-
specific estimate is used, for each of these nuclear power plants. as a result, if the projected amount of individual plants' decommissioning trusts exceeds the nrc-required decommissioning amount, then its decommissioning obligations are considered to be funded in accordance with nrc regulations. if the projected costs do not sufficiently reflect the actual costs the applicable entergy subsidiaries would be required to incur to decommission these nuclear power plants, or funding is otherwise inadequate, or if the formula, formula inputs, or site-specific estimate is changed to require increased funding, additional resources would be required.
furthermore, depending upon the level of funding available in the trust funds, the nrc may not permit the trust funds to be used to pay for related costs such as the management of spent nuclear fuel that are not included in the nrc's formula. the nrc may also require a plan for the provision of separate funding for spent fuel management costs. in addition to nrc requirements, there are other decommissioning-related obligations for certain of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, which management believes it will be able to satisfy.
further, federal or state regulatory changes, including mandated increases in decommissioning funding or changes in the methods or standards for decommissioning operations, may also increase the funding requirements of,
282
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy or accelerate the timing for funding of, the obligations related to the decommissioning of entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants or may restrict the decommissioning-related costs that can be paid from the decommissioning trusts. as a result, under any of these circumstances, entergy's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially affected.
an early plant shutdown (either generally or relative to current expectations), poor investment results or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs (including as a result of changing regulatory requirements) could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the utility operating companies, system energy or the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to provide significant additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning, which, with respect to the utility operating companies, may not be recoverable from customers in a timely fashion or at all.
for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, management's decision to exit the merchant power business and the impairment charges that resulted from such decision, see the "
critical accounting estimates
- nuclear decommissioning costs
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy, the " entergy wholesale commodities exit from the merchant power business " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries and notes 9 and 14 to the financial statements.
changes in nrc regulations or other binding regulatory requirements may cause increased funding requirements for nuclear plant decommissioning trusts.
nrc regulations require certain minimum financial assurance requirements for meeting obligations to decommission nuclear power plants. those financial assurance requirements may change from time to time, and certain changes may result in a material increase in the financial assurance required for decommissioning the utility operating companies', system energy's, and owners of entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants. such changes could result in the need for additional contributions to decommissioning trusts, or the posting of parent guarantees, letters of credit, or other surety mechanisms. for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, see the "
critical accounting estimates
- nuclear decommissioning costs
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 9 to the financial statements.
new or existing safety concerns regarding operating nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel could lead to restrictions upon the operation and decommissioning of entergy's nuclear power plants.
new and existing concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, in particular in the northeastern united states, which is where most of the current fleet of entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants is located. these concerns have led to, and are expected to continue to lead to, various proposals to federal regulators and governing bodies in some localities where entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that could lead to the shutdown of nuclear units, denial of license renewal applications, additional requirements or restrictions related to spent nuclear fuel on-site storage and eventual disposal, or other adverse effects on owning, operating and decommissioning nuclear generating units. entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. if any of the existing proposals, or any proposals that may arise in the future with respect to legislative and regulatory changes, become effective, they could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
(entergy corporation)
a failure to obtain renewed licenses or other approvals required for the continued operation of the entergy wholesale commodities' indian point nuclear power plants could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and could lead to an acceleration of the timing for the funding of decommissioning obligations.
283
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the license renewal and related processes for the entergy wholesale commodities' indian point nuclear power plants have been and may continue to be the subject of significant public debate and regulatory and legislative review and scrutiny at the federal and, in certain cases, state level. the original expiration date of the operating license for indian point 2 was september 2013 and the original expiration date of the operating license for indian point 3
was december 2015. because these plants filed timely license renewal applications, the nrc's rules provide that these plants may continue to operate under their existing operating licenses until their renewal applications have been finally determined.
in january 2017, entergy announced that it plans to shut down indian point 2 in 2020 and indian point 3 in 2021.
the early and orderly shutdown is part of a settlement under which new york state has agreed to drop legal challenges and support renewal of the operating licenses for indian point. for additional discussion of the settlement agreement with new york state, see the " entergy wholesale commodities authorizations to operate indian point " in entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
if the nrc were to deny the applications for the renewal of operating licenses for the indian point nuclear power plants, or if indian point fails to obtain other approvals, entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected by loss of revenue and cash flow associated with the plant or plants until the proposed shutdown date, potential impairments of the carrying value of the plants, increased depreciation rates, and an accelerated need for decommissioning funds, which could require additional funding. in addition, entergy may incur increased operating costs depending on any conditions that may be imposed in connection with license renewal. for further discussion regarding the license renewal processes for the indian point nuclear power plants, see the " entergy wholesale commodities authorizations to operate indian point " in entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are exposed to price risk.
entergy and its subsidiaries do not have a regulator-authorized rate of return on their capital investments in non-
utility businesses. as a result, the sale of capacity and energy from the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. in order to reduce future price risk to desired levels, entergy wholesale commodities utilizes contracts that are unit-contingent and firm ld and various products such as forward sales, options, and collars. as of december 31, 2017, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power generation plants had sold forward 98% in 2018, 91% in 2019, 51% in 2020, 74%
in 2021, and 67% in 2022 of its generation portfolio's planned energy output, reflecting the planned shutdown or sale of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants by mid-2022.
market conditions such as product cost, market liquidity, and other portfolio considerations influence the product and contractual mix. the obligations under unit-contingent agreements depend on a generating asset that is operating; if the generation asset is not operating, the seller generally is not liable for damages. for some unit-
contingent obligations, however, there is also a guarantee of availability that provides for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the unit owner fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold. firm ld sales transactions may be exposed to substantial operational price risk, a portion of which may be capped through the use of risk management products, to the extent that the plants do not run as expected and market prices exceed contract prices.
market prices may fluctuate substantially, sometimes over relatively short periods of time, and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. demand for electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. during periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed.
also, from time to time there may be political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, credit requirements, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets.
284
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the effects of sustained low natural gas prices and power market structure challenges have resulted in lower market prices for electricity in the power regions where the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are located. in addition, currently the market design under which the plants operate does not adequately compensate merchant nuclear plants for their environmental and fuel diversity benefits in the region. these conditions were primary factors leading to entergy's decision to shut down (or sell) entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power plants before the end of their operating licenses (or requested operating licenses for indian point 2 and indian point 3).
the price that different counterparties offer for various products including forward sales is influenced both by market conditions as well as the contract terms such as damage provisions, credit support requirements, and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions, entergy wholesale commodities' contract portfolio may have average contract prices above or below current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which may significantly affect entergy wholesale commodities' results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. new hedges are generally layered into on a rolling forward basis, which tends to drive hedge over-performance to market in a falling price environment, and hedge underperformance to market in a rising price environment; however, hedge timing, product choice, and hedging costs will also affect these results. see the "
market and credit risk sensitive instruments
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries. since entergy wholesale commodities has announced the closure (or sale) of its nuclear plants, entergy wholesale commodities may enter into fewer forward sales contracts for output from such plants.
among the factors that could affect market prices for electricity and fuel, all of which are beyond entergy's control to a significant degree, are:
prevailing market prices for natural gas, uranium (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication), coal,
  oil, and other fuels used in electric generation plants, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;
  seasonality and realized weather deviations compared to normalized weather forecasts;
  availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources and the requirements of a renewable portfolio standard;
  changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal and crude oil, and refined products;
  liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market, including the number of creditworthy counterparties available and interested in entering into forward sales agreements for entergy's full hedging term;
the actions of external parties, such as the ferc and local independent system operators and other state or
  federal energy regulatory bodies, that may impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in the energy markets;
  electricity transmission, competing generation or fuel transportation constraints, inoperability, or inefficiencies;
  the general demand for electricity, which may be significantly affected by national and regional economic conditions;
  weather conditions affecting demand for electricity or availability of hydroelectric power or fuel supplies;
  the rate of growth in demand for electricity as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions, and the implementation of conservation programs or distributed generation;
  regulatory policies of state agencies that affect the willingness of entergy wholesale commodities customers to enter into long-term contracts generally, and contracts for energy in particular;
increases in supplies due to actions of current entergy wholesale commodities competitors or new market
  entrants, including the development of new generation facilities, expansion of existing generation facilities, the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities, and improvements in transmission that allow additional supply to reach entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear markets;
  union and labor relations;
changes in federal and state energy and environmental laws and regulations and other initiatives, such as
  the regional greenhouse gas initiative, including but not limited to, the price impacts of proposed emission controls;
285
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy
  changes in law resulting from federal or state energy legislation or legislation subjecting energy derivatives used in hedging and risk management transactions to governmental regulation; and
  natural disasters, terrorist actions, wars, embargoes, and other catastrophic events.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to substantial governmental regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative, regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and local laws.
compliance with the requirements under these various regulatory regimes may cause the entergy wholesale commodities business to incur significant additional costs, and failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of the non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the federal power act are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. each of the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants that generates electricity, as well as entergy nuclear power marketing, llc, is a "public utility" under the federal power act by virtue of making wholesale sales of electric energy and/or owning wholesale electric transmission facilities. the ferc has granted these generating and power marketing companies the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. the ferc's orders that grant the entergy wholesale commodities' generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if the ferc subsequently determines that the entergy wholesale commodities business can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, the entergy wholesale commodities' market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of its generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated one of those rules, they would be subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-
based rate authority and potential penalties of up to $1 million per day per violation. if the entergy wholesale commodities' generating or power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain the ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have an adverse effect on the rates the entergy wholesale commodities business charges for power from its facilities.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules imposed by the existing independent system operators. the independent system operators that oversee most of the wholesale power markets may impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps and other mechanisms, to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have an adverse effect on the profitability of the entergy wholesale commodities business' generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets. further, the new york independent system operator could determine that the timing of the shutdown of the indian point units could be inconsistent with its market power rules, and impose certain penalties that could affect entergy wholesale commodities. for further information regarding federal, state and local laws and regulation applicable to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the "
regulation of entergy's business
" section in part i, item 1.
the regulatory environment applicable to the electric power industry is subject to changes as a result of restructuring initiatives at both the state and federal levels. entergy cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on the entergy wholesale commodities business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, have raised claims that the competitive marketplace is not working because energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear power plants, and have made proposals to re-regulate the markets, impose a generation tax, or require divestitures by generating companies to reduce their market share. other proposals to re-regulate may be made and legislative or other attention to the electric power market restructuring process may delay or reverse the deregulation process, which
286
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy could require material changes to business planning models. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, modified, discontinued, or delayed, the entergy wholesale commodities business' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to impairment charges in certain circumstances, which could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
entergy reviews long-lived assets held in all of its business segments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that recoverability of these assets is uncertain. generally, the determination of recoverability is based on the undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the operations of such assets. projected net cash flows depend on the expected operating life of the assets, the future operating costs associated with the assets, the efficiency and availability of the assets and generating units, and the future market and price for energy and capacity over the remaining life of the assets. in particular, the assets of the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to further impairment in connection with the closure or sale of the plants discussed below.
moreover, prior to the closure or sale of these plants, the failure of the entergy wholesale commodities business to achieve forecasted operating results and cash flows, an unfavorable change in forecasted operating results or cash flows, a reduction in the expected remaining useful life of a unit (including if the operating licenses for the indian point power plants are not renewed by the nrc), or a decline in observable industry market multiples could all result in potential additional impairment charges for the affected assets.
on august 27, 2013, entergy announced its plan to close and decommission vermont yankee. vermont yankee ceased power production in the fourth quarter 2014 at the end of a fuel cycle. this decision was approved by the board in august 2013, and resulted in the recognition of impairment charges in 2013 and 2014. in october 2015, entergy determined that it will close the pilgrim and fitzpatrick plants. the pilgrim plant will cease operations no later than june 1, 2019. fitzpatrick was expected to shut down at the end of its current fuel cycle, planned for january
27, 2017, but in march 2017, entergy sold the fitzpatrick plant to exelon generation company, llc which continues to operate the plant. during the third quarter 2015, entergy recorded impairment and other related charges to write down the carrying values of the fitzpatrick and pilgrim plants and related assets to their fair values. in addition, in the fourth quarter 2015, entergy recorded impairment and other related charges to write down the carrying value of the palisades plant and related assets to their fair value. in december 2016, entergy reached an agreement with consumers energy to terminate the ppa for the palisades plant and to shut down the plant in 2018, but the agreement was terminated in september 2017 after the michigan public service commission decided that consumers power could not recover costs incurred under the agreement. entergy intends to shut down the palisades plant permanently on may 31, 2022. in january 2017, entergy announced that it reached a settlement with new york state and plans to close the indian point 2 plant in 2020 and the indian point 3 plant in 2021. as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2016, entergy recorded impairment and other related charges to write down the carrying values of the palisades and indian point 2 and indian point 3 plants and related assets to their fair value. in addition to the impairments and other related charges, entergy has incurred severance and employee retention costs and expects to incur additional charges through 2022 relating to the decisions to shut down vermont yankee, palisades, pilgrim, indian point 2 and indian point 3, and the sale of fitzpatrick.
if entergy concludes that any of its nuclear power plants is unlikely to operate through its planned shutdown date, which conclusion would be based on a variety of factors, such a conclusion could result in a further impairment of part or all of the carrying value of the plant. any impairment charge taken by entergy with respect to its long-
lived assets, including the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business, would likely be material in the quarter that the charge is taken and could otherwise have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. for further information regarding evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, see the "
critical accounting estimates
- impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries and for further discussion of the impairment charges, see note 14
to the financial statements.
287
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy general business
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
entergy and the utility operating companies depend on access to the capital markets and, at times, may face potential liquidity constraints, which could make it more difficult to handle future contingencies such as natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' ability to meet liquidity needs, access capital and operate and grow their businesses, and the cost of capital.
entergy's business is capital intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates and other terms. at times there are also spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the liquidity requirements of the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities. in addition, entergy's and the utility operating companies' liquidity needs could significantly increase in the event of a hurricane or other weather-related or unforeseen disaster similar to that experienced in entergy's service territory with hurricane katrina and hurricane rita in 2005, hurricane gustav and hurricane ike in 2008, and hurricane isaac in
2012. the occurrence of one or more contingencies, including a delay in regulatory recovery of fuel or purchased power costs or storm restoration costs, higher than expected pension contributions, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines, less cash flow from operations than expected, or other unknown events, could cause the financing needs of entergy and its subsidiaries to increase. in addition, accessing the debt capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of entergy and the utility operating companies, which in turn could negatively affect access to the capital markets.
the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to maintain and to expand their businesses. events beyond entergy's control may create uncertainty that could increase its cost of capital or impair its ability to access the capital markets, including the ability to draw on its bank credit facilities. entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to predict the degree of success they will have in renewing or replacing their credit facilities as they come up for renewal. moreover, the size, terms, and covenants of any new credit facilities may not be comparable to, and may be more restrictive than, existing facilities. if entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to access the credit and capital markets on terms that are reasonable, they may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and/or bear an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could impact their ability to grow their businesses, decrease earnings, significantly reduce financial flexibility and/or limit entergy corporation's ability to sustain its current common stock dividend level.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
a downgrade in entergy corporation
'
s or its subsidiaries
' credit ratings could negatively affect entergy corporation
'
s and its subsidiaries
'
ability to access capital and/or could require entergy corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments, or repay certain indebtedness.
there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for each of entergy corporation and the registrant subsidiaries, including each registrant's regulatory framework, ability to recover costs and earn returns, diversification and financial strength and liquidity. if one or more rating agencies downgrade entergy corporation's, any of the utility operating companies', or system energy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash or letter of credit collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases, and other agreements.
288
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy most of entergy corporation's and its subsidiaries' large customers, suppliers, and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. if entergy corporation's or its subsidiaries' ratings decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties believe entergy corporation or the utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas, and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may require posting of collateral in cash or letters of credit, prepayment for fuel, gas or purchased power or accelerated payment, or counterparties may decline business with entergy corporation or its subsidiaries. at december 31, 2017, based on power prices at that time, entergy had liquidity exposure of $167 million under the guarantees in place supporting entergy wholesale commodities transactions and $8 million of posted cash collateral. in the event of a decrease in entergy corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as of december 31, 2017, entergy would have been required to provide approximately $98 million of additional cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements. in the event of a decrease in the credit ratings of entergy's utility operating companies to below investment grade, those companies collectively could be required to provide up to $50 million of additional cash or letters of credit to miso. as of december 31, 2017, the liquidity exposure associated with entergy wholesale commodities assurance requirements, including return of previously received collateral from counterparties, would increase by $372
million for a $1 per mmbtu increase in gas prices in both the short- and long-term markets.
recent u.s. tax legislation may materially adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and credit ratings.
the recently enacted h.r. 1, also known as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, will significantly change the u.s.
internal revenue code, including taxation of u.s. corporations, by, among other things, reducing the federal corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, and altering the expensing of capital expenditures. the legislation is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the irs, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase certain impacts of the legislation. in addition, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation, particularly on companies like entergy and the registrant subsidiaries, will be subject to the discretion of federal, state, and local public utility regulators.
as further described in note 3 to the financial statements, entergy recorded a reduction of certain of its net deferred income tax assets (including the value of its net operating loss carryforwards) and regulatory liabilities, resulting in a charge against earnings in the fourth quarter 2017 of $526 million, including a $34
million net-of-tax reduction of regulatory liabilities, and entergy and the utility operating companies recorded a reduction of approximately $3.7 billion on a consolidated basis in certain of its net deferred tax liabilities and a corresponding increase in net regulatory liabilities. depending on the outcome of the ratemaking process, irs examinations, or tax positions and elections that entergy may elect, entergy and the registrant subsidiaries may be required to record additional charges or credits to income tax expense. further, the amount and timing of the return of the deferred taxes to customers is dependent upon the regulatory treatment received, and, if the registrant subsidiaries are unsuccessful in receiving balanced regulatory treatment, entergy's or the utility operating companies' cash flow could be materially adversely affected. further, there may be other material effects resulting from the legislation that have not been identified. while entergy plans to finance its cash needs that result from the act through a combination of registrant subsidiary debt and entergy corporation debt and equity, there can be no assurance that entergy or the registrant subsidiaries will obtain debt or equity financing on terms that are satisfactory or consistent with their current expectations.
in addition, while moody's changed the ratings outlooks for entergy corporation to negative from stable in reaction to the legislation, it is unclear when or how capital markets, other credit rating agencies, the ferc or state or local regulators may respond to this legislation. entergy expects that certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies will be negatively affected as a result of the return of excess deferred taxes to customers, increased debt, and the decrease in the registrant subsidiaries' revenue requirements, and related decrease in operating cash flows, expected as a consequence of the lower federal corporate income tax rate while, at the same time, the loss of the bonus depreciation tax deduction will increase taxable income in the future. also, the timing of the return of excess deferred income taxes
289
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy to customers will not exactly match the lower taxes that entergy will be paying which will result in cash outflows to customers. it is also uncertain how other credit rating agencies will treat the impacts of this legislation on their credit ratings and metrics, and whether additional avenues will evolve for companies to manage the adverse aspects of this legislation. these avenues, to the extent available and if successfully applied, could lessen the impacts on certain credit metrics, although there can be no assurance in this regard.
entergy believes that interpretations and implementing regulations by the irs, as well as potential amendments and technical corrections, could result in lessening the impacts of certain aspects of this legislation. if entergy is unable to successfully pursue avenues to manage the effects of the new tax legislation, or if additional interpretations, regulations, amendments, or technical corrections exacerbate the effects of the legislation, the legislation could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and could result in additional credit rating agency actions. any such actions by credit rating agencies may make it more difficult and costly for entergy to issue debt securities and certain other types of financing and could increase borrowing costs under its credit facilities.
for further information regarding the effects of the act, see the "
income tax legislation
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy. also, note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses proceedings commenced or other responses by entergy's regulators to the act.
changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
entergy and its subsidiaries make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various transactions and results of operations to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes. these judgments include provisions for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. changes in federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by entergy and its subsidiaries could negatively affect entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. for further information regarding entergy's income taxes, see note 3 to the financial statements.
entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to successfully complete strategic transactions, including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring or other strategic transactions, is subject to significant risks, including the risk that required regulatory or governmental approvals may not be obtained, risks relating to unknown or undisclosed problems or liabilities, and the risk that for these or other reasons, entergy and its subsidiaries may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that they anticipate from such transactions.
from time to time, entergy and its subsidiaries have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic transactions including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring or other strategic transactions. for example, in november 2016, entergy announced that it had entered into a purchase and sale agreement with northstar for the sale of 100% of the membership interests in entergy nuclear vermont yankee, which owns the vermont yankee plant. in addition, as part of entergy's plan to exit the merchant power business, it plans to shut down its remaining merchant nuclear power plants by mid-2022. these transactions and plans are or may become subject to regulatory approval and other material conditions or contingencies. the failure to complete these transactions or plans or any future strategic transaction successfully or on a timely basis could have an adverse effect on entergy's financial condition, results of operations and the market's perception of entergy's ability to execute its strategy. further, these transactions, and any completed or future strategic transactions, involve substantial risks, including the following:
290
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the disposition of a business or asset may involve continued financial involvement in the divested business,
  such as through continuing equity ownership, transition service agreements, guarantees, indemnities, or other current or contingent financial obligations;
entergy may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner when it decides to sell an asset or a business, which could delay the
  accomplishment of its strategic objectives. alternatively, entergy may dispose of a business or asset at a price or on terms that are less than what it had anticipated, or with the exclusion of assets that must be divested or run off separately;
  the disposition of a business could result in impairments and related write-offs of the carrying values of the relevant assets;
  acquired businesses or assets may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels;
  acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate;
  entergy and/or its subsidiaries may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to them, that exceed their estimates, or for which their rights to indemnification from the seller are limited;
  the disposition of a business, including entergy's planned exit from the merchant power business, could divert management's attention from other business concerns;
entergy and/or its subsidiaries may be unable to obtain the necessary regulatory or governmental approvals
  to close a transaction, such approvals may be granted subject to terms that are unacceptable to them, or entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve anticipated regulatory treatment of any such transaction or acquired business or assets; and
  entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that they anticipate from the transaction, or such benefits may be delayed or may not occur at all.
entergy may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that it may encounter in acquiring or divesting a business, or engaging in other strategic transactions, which could have a material effect on its business.
the construction of, and capital improvements to, power generation facilities involve substantial risks. should construction or capital improvement efforts be unsuccessful, the financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity of entergy and the utility operating companies could be materially affected.
entergy's and the utility operating companies' ability to complete construction of power generation facilities, or make other capital improvements, in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. these variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance. delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and contractors not performing as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, poor quality initial cost estimates from contractors, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, changes in commodity prices affecting revenue, fuel costs, or materials costs, downward changes in the economy, changes in law or regulation, including environmental compliance requirements, and other events beyond the control of the utility operating companies or the entergy wholesale commodities business may occur that may materially affect the schedule, cost, and performance of these projects. if these projects or other capital improvements are significantly delayed or become subject to cost overruns or cancellation, entergy and the utility operating companies could incur additional costs and termination payments, or face increased risk of potential write-off of the investment in the project. in addition, the utility operating companies could be exposed to higher costs and market volatility, which could affect cash flow and cost recovery, should their respective regulators decline to approve the construction of new generation needed to meet the reliability needs of customers at the lowest reasonable cost.
for further information regarding capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital in connection with the potential construction of additional generation supply sources within the utility operating companies' service territory, and as to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the " capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of the registrant subsidiaries.
291
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters.
the businesses in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state, and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. these laws and regulations also affect how the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business manage air emissions, discharges to water, wetlands impacts, solid and hazardous waste storage and disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and endangered species, certain migratory birds and eagles, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters. federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. developing and implementing plans for facility compliance with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures. violations of these requirements can subject the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-
up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. in addition, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business potentially are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the utility operating companies are currently involved in proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance.
emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury, particulates, greenhouse gases, and other regulated air emissions from generating plants are potentially subject to increased regulation, controls and mitigation expenses. in addition, existing air regulations and programs promulgated by the epa often are challenged legally, sometimes resulting in large-scale changes to anticipated regulatory regimes and the resulting need to shift course, both operationally and economically, depending on the nature of the changes. risks relating to global climate change, initiatives to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions, and water availability issues are discussed below.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals.
if there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. for further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, see the "
regulation of entergy
'
s business
- environmental regulation
" section of part i, item 1.
the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs related to reliability standards.
entergy's business is subject to extensive and mandatory reliability standards. such standards, which are established by the north american electric reliability corporation (nerc), the serc reliability corporation (serc), and other regional enforcement entities, are approved by the ferc and frequently are reviewed, amended, and supplemented. failure to comply with such standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of such standards. the standards, as well as the laws and regulations that govern them, are subject to judicial interpretation and to the enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. in addition to exposure to civil penalties and fines, the utility operating companies have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to compliance with new and existing reliability standards, including costs associated with the utility operating companies' transmission system and generation assets. the changes to the
292
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy reliability standards applicable to the electric power industry are ongoing, and entergy cannot predict the ultimate effect that the reliability standards will have on its utility and entergy wholesale commodities.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
the effects of weather and economic conditions, and the related impact on electricity and gas usage, may materially affect the utility operating companies
'
results of operations.
temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase electric cooling demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase electric and gas heating demand and revenues. as a corollary, moderate temperatures in either season tend to decrease usage of energy and resulting revenues. seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, typically cause the utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. extreme weather conditions or storms, however, may stress the utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. these extreme conditions could have a material effect on the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
entergy's electricity sales volumes are affected by a number of factors, including economic conditions, weather, customer bill sizes (large bills tend to induce conservation), trends in energy efficiency, new technologies and self-generation alternatives, including the willingness and ability of large industrial customers to develop co-
generation facilities that greatly reduce their demand from entergy. some of these factors are inherently cyclical or temporary in nature, such as the weather or economic conditions, and rarely have a long-lasting effect on entergy's operating results. others, such as the increasing adoption of energy efficient appliances, new building codes, distributed energy resources, energy storage, demand side management and new technologies such as rooftop solar are having a more permanent effect of reducing sales growth rates from historical norms. as a result of these emerging efficiencies and technologies, the utility operating companies may experience lower usage per customer in the residential and commercial classes, and further advances have the potential to limit sales growth in the future. electricity sales to industrial customers, in particular, benefit from steady economic growth and favorable commodity prices; however, they are sensitive to changes in conditions in the markets in which its customers operate. any negative change in any of these or other factors has the potential to result in slower sales growth or sales declines and increased bad debt expense, which could materially affect entergy's and the utility operating companies' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the effects of climate change and environmental and regulatory obligations intended to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions or to place a price on greenhouse gas emissions could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
in an effort to address climate change concerns, federal, state, and local authorities are calling for additional laws and regulations aimed at known or suspected causes of climate change. for example, in response to the united states supreme court's 2007 decision holding that the epa has authority to regulate emissions of co 2 and other
"greenhouse gases" under the clean air act, the epa, various environmental interest groups, and other organizations are focusing considerable attention on co 2 emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. in 2010, the epa promulgated its first regulations controlling greenhouse gas emissions from certain vehicles and from new and significantly modified stationary sources of emissions, including electric generating units. during 2012 and 2014, the epa proposed co 2 emission standards for new and existing sources. the epa finalized these standards in 2015; however, in late 2017, the epa proposed to repeal the regulations and issued an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking for replacing certain aspects of the standards for existing sources. as examples of state action, in the northeast, the regional greenhouse gas initiative establishes a cap on co 2
emissions from electric power plants and requires generators to purchase emission permits to cover their co 2
emissions, and a similar program has been
293
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy developed in california. the impact that recent changes in the federal government will have on existing and pending environmental laws and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions is currently unclear.
developing and implementing plans for compliance with greenhouse gas emissions reduction requirements can lead to additional capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures and could significantly affect the economic position of existing facilities and proposed projects; moreover, long-term planning to meet environmental requirements can be negatively impacted and costs may increase to the extent laws and regulations change prior to full implementation. these requirements could, in turn, lead to changes in the planning or operations of balancing authorities or organized markets in areas where the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities do business. violations of such requirements may subject entergy wholesale commodities and the utility operating companies to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. to the extent entergy believes any of these costs are recoverable in rates, however, additional material rate increases for customers could be resisted by entergy's regulators and, in extreme cases, entergy's regulators might deny or defer timely recovery of these costs. future changes in environmental regulation governing the emission of co 2 and other greenhouse gases could make some of entergy's electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate, and could increase the difficulty that entergy and its subsidiaries have with obtaining or maintaining required environmental regulatory approvals, which could also materially affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of entergy and its subsidiaries. in addition, lawsuits have occurred or are reasonably expected against emitters of greenhouse gases alleging that these companies are liable for personal injuries and property damage caused by climate change. these lawsuits may seek injunctive relief, monetary compensation, and punitive damages.
in addition to the regulatory and financial risks associated with climate change discussed above, potential physical risks from climate change include an increase in sea level, wind and storm surge damages, wetland and barrier island erosion, risks of flooding and changes in weather conditions, (such as increases in precipitation, drought, or changes in average temperatures), and potential increased impacts of extreme weather conditions or storms. entergy subsidiaries own assets in, and serve, communities that are at risk from sea level rise, changes in weather conditions, storms, and loss of the protection offered by coastal wetlands. a significant portion of the nation's oil and gas infrastructure is located in these areas and susceptible to storm damage that could be aggravated by wetland and barrier island erosion, which could give rise to fuel supply interruptions and price spikes. entergy and its subsidiaries also face the risk that climate change could impact the availability and quality of water supply necessary for operations.
these and other physical changes could result in changes in customer demand, increased costs associated with repairing and maintaining generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on the entergy system's ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. also, to the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health of a region or results in energy conservation or demand side management programs, it may adversely impact customer demand and revenues. such physical or operational risks could have a material effect on entergy's, entergy wholesale commodities', system energy's, and the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
continued and future availability and quality of water for cooling, process, and sanitary uses could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
water is a vital natural resource that is also critical to the utility operating companies', system energy's, and entergy wholesale commodities' business operations. entergy's facilities use water for cooling, boiler make-up, sanitary uses, potable supply, and many other uses. three of entergy's utility operating companies own and/or operate hydroelectric facilities. accordingly, water availability and quality are critical to entergy's business operations. impacts to water availability or quality could negatively impact both operations and revenues.
294
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy entergy secures water through various mechanisms (ground water wells, surface waters intakes, municipal supply, etc.) and operates under the provisions and conditions set forth by the provider and/or regulatory authorities.
entergy also obtains and operates in substantial compliance with water discharge permits issued under various provisions of the clean water act and/or state water pollution control provisions. regulations and authorizations for both water intake and use and for waste discharge can become more stringent in times of water shortages, low flows in rivers, low lake levels, low groundwater aquifer volumes, and similar conditions. the increased use of water by industry, agriculture, and the population at large, population growth, and the potential impacts of climate change on water resources may cause water use restrictions that affect entergy and its subsidiaries.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be adequately hedged against changes in commodity prices, which could materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
to manage near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, entergy and its subsidiaries, including the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business, may enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, fuel requirements, and inventories of natural gas, uranium and its conversion and enrichment, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. as part of this strategy, entergy and its subsidiaries may utilize fixed- and variable-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-
the-counter markets or on exchanges. however, entergy and its subsidiaries normally cover only a portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. in addition, entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. to the extent entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices can materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position.
although entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. as a result of these and other factors, entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations, or financial position.
entergy's over-the-counter financial derivatives are subject to rules implementing the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act that are designed to promote transparency, mitigate systemic risk and protect against market abuse. entergy cannot predict the impact any proposed or not fully-implemented final rules will have on its ability to hedge its commodity price risk or on over-the-counter derivatives markets as a whole, but such rules and regulations could have a material effect on entergy's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities.
entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. reductions in entergy's or its subsidiaries' credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash or letter of credit collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect entergy's or its subsidiaries' liquidity and financial position.
the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations, which may materially affect the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities.
the hedging and risk management practices of the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe entergy and its subsidiaries money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations. currently, some hedging agreements contain provisions that require the counterparties to provide credit support to secure all or part of their obligations to entergy or its subsidiaries. if the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, entergy or its subsidiaries may enforce and recover the proceeds from the credit support provided and acquire alternative hedging arrangements, which credit
295
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy support may not always be adequate to cover the related obligations. in such event, entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in addition, the credit commitments of entergy's lenders under its bank facilities may not be honored for a variety of reasons, including unexpected periods of financial distress affecting such lenders, which could materially affect the adequacy of its liquidity sources.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require additional funding and result in increased benefit plan costs.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. a decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements relating to entergy's benefit plan liabilities and also result in higher benefit costs. as the value of the assets decreases, the "expected return on assets" component of benefit costs decreases, resulting in higher benefits costs. additionally, asset losses are incorporated into benefit costs over time, thus increasing benefits costs.
volatility in the capital markets has affected the market value of these assets, which may affect entergy's planned levels of contributions in the future. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding and recognition of higher liability carrying costs. the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans can also increase as a result of changes in, among other factors, retirement rates, life expectancy assumptions, or federal regulations. for further information regarding entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, refer to the "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of its registrant subsidiaries and note 11 to the financial statements.
the litigation environment in the states in which certain entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.
entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material and ratepayer matters, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. the states in which the utility operating companies operate, in particular louisiana, mississippi, and texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.
domestic or international terrorist attacks, including cyber attacks, and failures or breaches of entergy's and its subsidiaries' technology systems may adversely affect entergy's results of operations.
as power generators and distributors, entergy and its subsidiaries face heightened risk of an act or threat of terrorism, including physical and cyber attacks, either as a direct act against one of entergy's generation facilities, transmission operations centers, or distribution infrastructure used to manage and transport power to customers. an actual act could affect entergy's ability to operate, including its ability to operate the information technology systems and network infrastructure on which it relies to conduct its business. while malware was recently discovered on our corporate network and remediated on a timely basis, it did not affect the company's operational systems, nuclear plants or transmission network, nor did it have a material effect on our operations.
additionally, within entergy's industry, there have been attacks on energy infrastructure, but with minimal impact to operations, and there may be more attacks in the future. the utility operating companies also face heightened risk of an act or threat by cyber criminals intent on accessing personal information for the purpose of committing identity theft, taking company-sensitive data, or disrupting the company's ability to operate.
entergy and its subsidiaries operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure in accordance with mandatory and prescriptive standards. despite the implementation of multiple layers of security by entergy and its subsidiaries,
296
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy technology systems remain vulnerable to potential threats that could lead to unauthorized access or loss of availability to critical systems essential to the reliable operation of entergy's electric system. moreover, the functionality of entergy's technology systems depends on both its and third-party systems to which entergy is connected directly or indirectly (such as systems belonging to suppliers, vendors and contractors). while entergy has processes in place to assess systems of certain of these suppliers, vendors and contractors, entergy does not ultimately control the adequacy of their defenses against cyber and other attacks, but has implemented oversight measures to assess maturity and manage third-party risk. if entergy's or its subsidiaries' technology systems were compromised and unable to detect or recover in a timely fashion to a normal state of operations, entergy or its subsidiaries may be unable to perform critical business functions that are essential to the company's well-being and the health, safety, and security needs of its customers. in addition, an attack on its information technology infrastructure may result in a loss of its confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information, including personal information of its customers, employees, vendors, and others in entergy's care.
any such attacks, failures or breaches could have a material effect on entergy's and the utility operating companies' business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. insurance may not be adequate to cover losses that might arise in connection with these events. the risk of such attacks, failures, or breaches may cause entergy and the utility operating companies to incur increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its power generation, transmission, and distribution assets and other facilities, such as additional physical facility security and security personnel, and for systems to protect its information technology and network infrastructure systems. such events may also expose entergy to an increased risk of litigation (and associated damages and fines).
(entergy new orleans)
the effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers taking gas service may adversely affect entergy new orleans's results of operations and liquidity.
gas rates charged to retail gas customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to entergy new orleans, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to the utility.
distribution charges are affected by the amount of gas sold to customers. purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer's bill and may be adjusted monthly, represent gas commodity costs that entergy new orleans recovers from its customers. entergy new orleans's cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers occurs. when purchased gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher gas procurement costs incurred by entergy new orleans, customer usage may decrease, especially in weaker economic times, resulting in lower distribution charges for entergy new orleans, which could adversely affect results of operations.
(system energy)
system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues.
system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in grand gulf. charges under the unit power sales agreement are paid by the utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy. the useful economic life of grand gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which expires in november 2044. system energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the utility operating companies under the unit power sales agreement and on the continued commercial operation of grand gulf.
for information regarding the unit power sales agreement, the sale and leaseback transactions and certain other agreements relating to the entergy system companies' support of system energy (including the capital funds
297
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy agreement), see notes 8 and 10 to the financial statements and the "
utility
- system energy and related agreements " section of part i, item 1.
(entergy corporation)
as a holding company, entergy corporation depends on cash distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
entergy corporation is a holding company with no material revenue generating operations of its own or material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. entergy corporation's ability to satisfy its financial obligations, including the payment of interest and principal on its outstanding debt, and to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends or distributions by its subsidiaries. the payments of dividends or distributions to entergy corporation by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings, and on any applicable legal, regulatory, or contractual limitations on subsidiaries' ability to pay such dividends or distributions. provisions in the articles of incorporation of certain of entergy corporation's subsidiaries restrict the payment of cash dividends to entergy corporation. for further information regarding dividend or distribution restrictions to entergy corporation, see note 7 to the financial statements.
298

(page left blank intentionally)
299
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
2017 compared to 2016
net income decreased $27.4 million primarily due to higher nuclear refueling outage expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher taxes other than income taxes, and higher interest expense, partially offset by higher other income.
2016 compared to 2015
net income increased $92.9 million primarily due to higher net revenue and lower other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by a higher effective income tax rate and higher depreciation and amortization expenses.
net revenue
2017 compared to 2016
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
amount
-in millions
2016 net revenue                   $1,520.5
retail electric price                  33.8
opportunity sales                       5.6
asset retirement obligation           (14.8  )
volume/weather                        (29.0  )
other                                   6.5
2017 net revenue                   $1,522.6
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the implementation of formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycle of january 2017 and an increase in base rates effective february 24, 2016, each as approved by the apsc. a significant portion of the base rate increase was related to the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station in march 2016. the increase was partially offset by decreases in the energy efficiency rider, as approved by the apsc, effective april 2016 and january 2017. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case and formula rate plan filings. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
the opportunity sales variance results from the estimated net revenue effect of the 2017 and 2016 ferc orders in the opportunity sales proceeding attributable to wholesale customers. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding.
300
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the asset retirement obligation affects net revenue because entergy arkansas records a regulatory charge or credit for the difference between asset retirement obligation-related expenses and decommissioning trust fund earnings plus asset retirement obligation-related costs collected in revenue. the variance is primarily caused by a decrease in regulatory credits because of an increase in decommissioning trust fund earnings, including portfolio rebalancing for the ano 1 and ano 2 decommissioning trust funds.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales during the billed and unbilled sales periods. the decrease was partially offset by an increase of 733 gwh , or 11% , in industrial usage primarily due to a new customer in the primary metals industry.
2016 compared to 2015
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2016 to 2015.
amount
-in millions
2015 net revenue             $1,362.2
retail electric price           161.5
other                            (3.2  )
2016 net revenue             $1,520.5
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in base rates, as approved by the apsc. the new base rates were effective february 24, 2016 and began billing with the first billing cycle of april 2016. the increase includes an interim base rate adjustment surcharge, effective with the first billing cycle of april 2016, to recover the incremental revenue requirement for the period february 24, 2016 through march 31, 2016. a significant portion of the increase was related to the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station in march 2016. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
other income statement variances
2017 compared to 2016
nuclear refueling outage expenses increased primarily due to the amortization of higher costs associated with the most recent outages compared to previous outages.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
the deferral in the first quarter 2016 of$7.7 millionof previously-incurred costs related to ano post-fukushima compliance and$9.9 millionof previously-incurred costs related to ano flood barrier
  compliance, as approved by the apsc as part of the 2015 rate case settlement.  these costs are being amortized over a ten-year period beginning march 2016.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case settlement;
  an increase of$9.5 millionin transmission and distribution expenses primarily due to higher vegetation maintenance costs and higher labor costs, including contract labor;
  an increase of$5.9 millionincompensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to the prior year; and the effect of recording in july 2016 the final court decision in a lawsuit against the doe related to spent
  nuclear fuel storage costs.  the damages awarded included the reimbursement of$5.5 millionof spent nuclear fuel
301
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis storage costs previously recorded as other operation and maintenance expense. see note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy arkansas's spent nuclear fuel litigation.
the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease of$16 millionin nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a decrease in regulatory compliance costs compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher nuclear labor costs, including contract labor, to position the nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals.  the decrease in regulatory compliance costs is
  primarily related to nrc inspection activities in 2016 as a result of the nrc's march 2015 decision to move ano into the "multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column" of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix.  see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the ano stator incident and subsequent nrc reviews;
  a decrease of$11.5 millionin energy efficiency expenses primarily due to the timing of recovery from customers; and a decrease of$5.2 millionin fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to lower long-term service
  agreement costs, partially offset by an overall higher scope of work including plant outages in 2017
compared to 2016.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes primarily due to higher assessments and higher millage rates and an increase in local franchise taxes primarily due to higher billing factors.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including power block 2 of the union power station purchased in march 2016. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
other income increased primarily due to higher realized gains in 2017 compared to 2016 on the decommissioning trust fund investments, including portfolio rebalancing for the ano 1 and ano 2 decommissioning trust funds.
interest expense increased primarily due to:
an increase of$3.3 millionin estimated interest expense recorded in connection with the opportunity sales
  proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding; and the issuance in may 2017 of $220 million of 3.5% series first mortgage bonds and the issuance in june 2016
of $55 million of 3.5% series first mortgage bonds, partially offset by the redemption in july 2016 of $60
  million of 6.38% series first mortgage bonds and the redemption in february 2016 of $175 million of 5.66%
series first mortgage bonds.  see note 5 to the financial statements for further discussion of long-term debt.
2016 compared to 2015
nuclear refueling outage expenses increased primarily due to the amortization of higher costs associated with the most recent outages compared to previous outages.
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of$21.6 millionin compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in net periodic pension and other postretirement benefits costs as a result of an increase in the discount rate used to
  value the benefit liabilities and a refinement in the approach used to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of pension and other postretirement costs.  see  "critical accounting estimates"
below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefits costs;
302
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the deferral of$7.7 millionof previously-incurred costs related to ano post-fukushima compliance and$9.9
  millionof previously-incurred costs related to ano flood barrier compliance, as approved by the apsc as part of the 2015 rate case settlement.  these costs are being amortized over a ten-year period beginning march
2016.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case settlement; and a decrease of$7.2 millionin energy efficiency costs, including the effects of true-ups to the energy
  efficiency filings for fixed costs to be collected from customers and incentives recognized as a result of participation in energy efficiency programs.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $24.1 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to an overall higher scope of work performed during plant outages and higher nuclear labor costs compared to prior year and an increase of $8.2 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station in march 2016. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
taxes other than income taxes decreased primarily due to a decrease in local franchise taxes resulting from lower residential and commercial revenues compared to the prior year and a decrease in payroll taxes.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including power block 2 of the union power station purchased in march 2016. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
interest expense increased primarily due to:
$5.1 millionin estimated interest expense recorded in connection with the ferc orders issued in april 2016
  in the opportunity sales proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding; and
  the net issuance of$230 millionof first mortgage bonds in 2016.  see note 5 to the financial statements for further discussion of long-term debt.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were 40.1% , 39.2% , and 35.3% , respectively. see note 3
to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
income tax legislation see the "
income tax legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses proceedings commenced or other responses by entergy's regulators to the act.
303
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were as follows:
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning            $20,509         $9,135       $218,505
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              555,556        676,511        474,890
investing activities                             (829,312  )    (947,995  )    (685,274  )
financing activities                              259,463        282,858          1,014
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          (14,293  )      11,374       (209,370  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                $6,216        $20,509         $9,135
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $121 million in 2017 primarily due to income tax refunds of $8.1 million in 2017 compared to income tax refunds of $135.7 million in 2016. entergy arkansas had income tax refunds in 2016 and 2017 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds in 2017 resulted from the utilization of entergy arkansas's net operating losses. the 2016 income tax refunds resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit. see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the income tax audit.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $201.6 million in 2016 primarily due to:
income tax refunds of$135.7 millionin 2016 compared to income tax payments of$103.3 millionin 2015.  entergy arkansas had income tax refunds in 2016 and income tax payments in 2015 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the 2016 income tax refunds resulted primarily from adjustments associated
  with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit whereas the income tax payments in 2015 resulted primarily from final settlement of amounts outstanding associated with the 2006-2007 irs audit as well as adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2008-2009 irs audit.  see note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of the income tax audits;
  the timing of payments to vendors; and
  an increase in net revenue.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $118.7 million in 2017 primarily due to the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station in march 2016 for approximately $237 million and a decrease of $35.5 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2017. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
304
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the decrease was partially offset by:
  an increase of$50.4 millionin nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed on various nuclear projects in 2017;
an increase of $37.7 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from
  year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
  an increase of$32.9 millionin information technology construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on substation technology upgrades;
  an increase of$22.3 millionin fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed on various projects in 2017; and
  an increase of $11.2 million due to increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure.
net cash flow used in investing activities increased $262.7 million in 2016 primarily due to the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station in march 2016 for approximately $237 million . see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase. the increase was partially offset by fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $23.4 million in 2017 primarily due to:
  a$200 millioncapital contribution received from entergy corporation in march 2016 primarily in anticipation of entergy arkansas's purchase of power block 2 of the union power station;
  the net issuance of$119.1 millionof long-term debt in 2017 compared to the net issuance of$189.1 millionof long-term debt in 2016; and
$15 millionin common stock dividends paid in 2017 resulting from entergy arkansas's routine evaluation of
  its ability to pay dividends.  there were no common stock dividends paid in 2016 in anticipation of the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  money pool activity;
  the redemptions of$75 millionof6.45%series preferred stock and$10 millionof6.08%series preferred stock in
2016; and
  net short-term borrowings of$50 millionon the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2017 compared to net repayments of$11.7 millionin 2016.
increases in entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool increased by $114.9 million in 2017 compared to decreasing by $1.5 million in 2016. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $281.8 million in 2016 primarily due to:
  the net issuance of$189.1 millionof long-term debt in 2016 compared to the net retirement of$13.2 millionof long-term debt in 2015;
  a$200 millioncapital contribution received from entergy corporation in march 2016 primarily in anticipation of entergy arkansas's purchase of power block 2 of the union power station; and
  net repayments of$11.7 millionon the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2016 compared to net repayments of$36.3 millionin 2015.
305
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the increase was partially offset by the redemptions of $75 million of 6.45% series preferred stock and $10 million of 6.08% series preferred stock in 2016 and money pool activity.
decreases in entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool decreased by $1.5 million in 2016 compared to increasing by $52.7 million in 2015.
see note 5 to the financial statements for further details of long-term debt.
capital structure entergy arkansas's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.
december 31,2017    december 31,2016
debt to capital                                    55.5%               55.3%
effect of excluding the securitization bonds       -0.3%               -0.4%
debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds    55.2%               54.9%
(a)
effect of subtracting cash                         -%                  -0.2%
net debt to net capital, excluding securitization  55.2%               54.7%
bonds (a)
(a)  calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy arkansas.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy arkansas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy arkansas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy arkansas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy arkansas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy arkansas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy arkansas may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing dividends, entergy arkansas may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy arkansas requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt and preferred stock maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  dividend and interest payments.
306
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's planned construction and other capital investments.
2018    2019    2020
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $190    $240    $225
transmission                                 170     165     175
distribution                                 225     245     225
utility support                              110      85      85
total                                       $695    $735    $710
following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2018    2019-2020    2021-2022    after 2022     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $125         $266         $672        $4,208    $5,271
operating leases                     $17          $29          $16           $24       $86
purchase obligations (b)            $595       $1,050         $863        $5,369    $7,877
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy arkansas, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy arkansas currently expects to contribute approximately $64.1 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $472 thousand to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy arkansas has ($117.7) million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy arkansas includes specific investments, such as transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including investment to support advanced metering; resource planning, including potential generation projects;
system improvements; investments in ano 1 and 2; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as discussed above in "
capital structure ," entergy arkansas routinely evaluates its ability to pay dividends to entergy corporation from its earnings.
provisions in entergy arkansas's articles of incorporation relating to preferred
307
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis stock restrict the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock.
advanced metering infrastructure (ami)
in september 2016, entergy arkansas filed an application seeking a finding from the apsc that entergy arkansas's deployment of ami is in the public interest. entergy arkansas proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy arkansas's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $208 million . the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy arkansas provided a cost benefit analysis showing that its ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal net benefit to customers of $406 million. entergy arkansas also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value of existing meters, which was approximately $57 million at december 31, 2015, that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy arkansas proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019. deployment of the communications network is expected to begin in 2018. entergy arkansas proposed to include the ami deployment costs and the quantified benefits in future formula rate plan filings, and the 2018 costs were approved in the 2017
formula rate plan filing. in june 2017 the apsc staff and arkansas attorney general filed direct testimony. the apsc staff generally supported entergy arkansas's ami deployment conditioned on various recommendations. the arkansas attorney general's consultant primarily recommended denial of entergy arkansas's application but alternatively suggested recommendations in the event the apsc approves entergy arkansas's proposal. entergy arkansas filed rebuttal testimony in june 2017, substantially accepting the apsc staff's recommendations. in august
2017, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed a joint motion to approve a unanimous settlement agreement. in october 2017 the apsc issued an order finding that entergy arkansas's ami deployment is in the public interest and approving the settlement agreement subject to a minor modification. entergy arkansas expects to recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized over 15 years.
entergy arkansas has begun discussions with the other parties to implement the items in the settlement agreement including pre-pay and time of use programs.
sources of capital entergy arkansas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred stock issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy arkansas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy arkansas require prior regulatory approval. preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in entergy arkansas's corporate charters, bond indentures, and other agreements. entergy arkansas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
308
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy arkansas's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2017                           2016        2015      2014
-in thousands
($166,137)                 -$51,232    -$52,742    $2,218
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy arkansas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in august 2022. entergy arkansas also has a $20 million credit facility scheduled to expire in april 2018. the $150 million credit facility permits the issuance of letters of credit against $5 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2017, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facilities.
in addition, entergy arkansas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2017, a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy arkansas's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the credit facilities.
the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $80
million scheduled to expire in may 2019. as of december 31, 2017, $50 million in letters of credit to support a like amount of commercial paper issued and $24.9 million in loans were outstanding under the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
entergy arkansas obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2019 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $250 million at any time outstanding and borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy arkansas's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy arkansas are limited to amounts authorized by the apsc, and the current authorization extends through december 2018.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery retail rates
2015 base rate filing in april 2015, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc for a general change in rates, charges, and tariffs. the filing notified the apsc of entergy arkansas's intent to implement a forward test year formula rate plan pursuant to arkansas legislation passed in 2015, and requested a retail rate increase of $268.4 million , with a net increase in revenue of $167 million . the filing requested a 10.2% return on common equity. in september 2015 the apsc staff and intervenors filed direct testimony, with the apsc staff recommending a revenue requirement of $217.9 million and a 9.65% return on common equity. in december 2015, entergy arkansas, the apsc staff, and certain of the intervenors in the rate case filed with the apsc a joint motion for approval of a settlement of the case that proposed a retail rate increase of approximately $225 million with a net increase in revenue of approximately $133
million ; an authorized return on common equity of 9.75% ; and a formula rate plan tariff that provides a +/- 50
basis point band around the 9.75% allowed return on common equity. a significant portion of the rate increase is related to entergy arkansas's acquisition in march 2016 of union power station power block 2 for a base purchase price of $237 million. the settlement agreement also provided for amortization over a 10-year period of $7.7
million of previously-incurred costs related to ano post-fukushima compliance and $9.9 million of previously-
incurred costs related to ano flood barrier compliance. a settlement hearing was held in january 2016. in february
2016 the apsc approved the settlement with one exception that reduced the retail rate increase proposed in the settlement by $5 million . the settling parties agreed to the apsc modifications in february 2016. the new rates were effective february 24, 2016 and began billing with the first billing cycle of april 2016. in march 2016, entergy arkansas made a compliance filing regarding the
309
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis new rates that included an interim base rate adjustment surcharge, effective with the first billing cycle of april
2016, to recover the incremental revenue requirement for the period february 24, 2016 through march 31, 2016. the interim base rate adjustment surcharge was designed to recover a total of $21.1 million over the nine-month period from april 2016 through december 2016.
2016 formula rate plan filing in july 2016, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2016 formula rate plan filing showing entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the filing requested a $67.7 million revenue requirement increase to achieve entergy arkansas's target earned return on common equity of 9.75% . in october 2016, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc revised formula rate plan attachments with an updated request for a $54.4 million revenue requirement increase based on acceptance of certain adjustments and recommendations made by the apsc staff and other intervenors, as well as three additional adjustments identified as appropriate by entergy arkansas. in november 2016 a hearing was held and the apsc issued an order directing the parties to brief certain issues. in december 2016 the apsc approved the settlement agreement and the $54.4 million revenue requirement increase with approximately $25 million of the
$54.4 million revenue requirement subject to possible future adjustment and refund to customers with interest. the apsc requested supplemental information for some of entergy arkansas's requested nuclear expenditures. in december
2016 the apsc approved entergy arkansas's formula rate plan compliance tariff, and the rates became effective with the first billing cycle of january 2017. in april 2017, entergy arkansas filed a motion consented to by all parties requesting that it be permitted to submit the supplemental information requested by the apsc in conjunction with its 2017 formula rate plan filing, which was subsequently made in july 2017 and is discussed below. in may 2017 the apsc approved the joint motion and proposal to review entergy arkansas's supplemental information on a concurrent schedule with the 2017 formula rate plan filing. in october 2017, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed a joint motion to approve a unanimous settlement agreement resolving all issues in the docket and providing for recovery of the 2017 and 2018 nuclear costs. in december 2017 the apsc approved the settlement agreement and recovery of the 2017 and 2018 nuclear costs.
2017 formula rate plan filing in july 2017, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2017 formula rate plan filing showing entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the filing projected a $129.7 million revenue requirement increase to achieve entergy arkansas's target earned return on common equity of 9.75% . entergy arkansas's formula rate plan is subject to a four percent annual revenue constraint and the projected annual revenue requirement increase exceeded the four percent, resulting in a proposed increase for the 2017 formula rate plan of $70.9 million . in october 2017, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc revised formula rate plan attachments that projected a $126.2 million revenue requirement increase based on acceptance of certain adjustments and recommendations made by the apsc staff and other intervenors. the revised formula rate plan filing included a proposed $71.1 million revenue requirement increase based on a revision to the four percent constraint calculation. in october 2017, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed a joint motion to approve a unanimous settlement agreement resolving all issues in the docket and providing for recovery of the 2017 and 2018 nuclear costs. in december 2017 the apsc approved the settlement agreement and the $71.1 million revenue requirement increase, as well as entergy arkansas's formula rate plan compliance tariff, and the rates became effective with the first billing cycle of january 2018.
internal restructuring in november 2017, entergy arkansas filed an application with the apsc seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy arkansas to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company. the restructuring is subject to regulatory review and approval by the apsc, the ferc, and the nrc. entergy arkansas also filed a notice with the missouri public service commission in december 2017 out of an abundance of caution, although
310
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy arkansas does not serve any retail customers in missouri. if the apsc approves the restructuring by september 1, 2018, and the restructuring closes on or before december 1, 2018, entergy arkansas proposed in its application to credit retail customers $66 million over six years, beginning in 2019. in february 2018, entergy arkansas filed supplemental testimony reducing the proposed retail customer credits to $39.6 million over six years. if the apsc, the ferc, and the nrc approvals are obtained, entergy arkansas expects the restructuring will be consummated on or before december 1, 2018.
it is currently contemplated that entergy arkansas would undertake a multi-step restructuring, which would include the following:
  entergy arkansas would redeem its outstanding preferred stock at the aggregate redemption price of approximately $32.7 million, which includes call premiums, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any.
  entergy arkansas would convert from an arkansas corporation to a texas corporation.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy arkansas will allocate substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy arkansas power, llc, a texas limited liability company (entergy arkansas
  power), and entergy arkansas power will assume substantially all of the liabilities of entergy arkansas, in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.  entergy arkansas will remain in existence and hold the membership interests in entergy arkansas power.
entergy arkansas will contribute the membership interests in entergy arkansas power to an affiliate (entergy
  utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy arkansas power will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
  entergy arkansas will change its name to entergy utility property, inc., and entergy arkansas power will then change its name to entergy arkansas, llc.
upon the completion of the restructuring, entergy arkansas, llc will hold substantially all of the assets, and will have assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy arkansas. entergy arkansas may modify or supplement the steps to be taken to effectuate the restructuring.
production cost allocation rider the apsc approved a production cost allocation rider for recovery from customers of the retail portion of the costs allocated to entergy arkansas as a result of the system agreement proceedings, which are discussed in the "
system agreement cost equalization proceedings
" section below. these costs cause an increase in entergy arkansas's deferred fuel cost balance because entergy arkansas pays the costs over seven months but collects the costs from customers over twelve months .
in may 2014, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of the production cost allocation rider to recover the $3 million unrecovered retail balance as of december 31, 2013 and the $67.8 million system agreement bandwidth remedy payment made in may 2014 as a result of the compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's february 2014 orders related to the bandwidth payments/receipts for the june - december 2005 period. in january 2015 the apsc issued an order approving entergy arkansas's request for recovery of the $3 million under-recovered amount based on the true-
up of the production cost allocation rider and the $67.8 million may 2014 system agreement bandwidth remedy payment subject to refund with interest, with recovery of these payments concluding with the last billing cycle in december
2015. the apsc also found that entergy arkansas is entitled to carrying charges pursuant to the current terms of the production cost allocation rider. entergy arkansas made its compliance filing pursuant to the order in january
2015 and the apsc issued its approval order, also in january 2015. the redetermined rate went into effect with the first billing cycle of february 2015.
in may 2015, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of the production cost allocation rider, which included a $38 million payment made by entergy arkansas as a result of the ferc's february 2014 order related to the comprehensive bandwidth recalculation for calendar year 2006, 2007, and 2008 production costs. the redetermined rate for the 2015 production cost allocation rider update was added to the redetermined rate from the 2014
production
311
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis cost allocation rider update and the combined rate was effective with the first billing cycle of july 2015. this combined rate was effective through december 2015. the collection of the remainder of the redetermined rate for the
2015 production cost allocation rider update continued through june 2016.
in may 2016, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination pursuant to the production cost allocation rider, which reflected recovery of the production cost allocation rider true-up adjustment of the 2014 and 2015
unrecovered retail balance in the amount of $1.9 million . additionally, the redetermined rates reflected the recovery of a $1.9 million system agreement bandwidth remedy payment resulting from a compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's december 2015 order related to test year 2009 production costs. the rates for the 2016 production cost allocation rider update became effective with the first billing cycle of july 2016, and the rates were effective through june 2017.
in may 2017, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination pursuant to the production cost allocation rider, which reflected a credit amount of $0.3 million resulting from a compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's september
2016 order. additionally, the redetermined rate reflected recovery of the production cost allocation rider true-up adjustment of the 2016 unrecovered retail balance in the amount of $0.3 million. because of the small effect of the
2017 production cost allocation rider update, entergy arkansas proposed to reduce the effective period of the update to one month, july 2017. after the one month collection period, rates were set to zero for all rate classes for the period august 2017 through june 2018.
energy cost recovery rider entergy arkansas's retail rates include an energy cost recovery rider to recover fuel and purchased energy costs in monthly customer bills. the rider utilizes the prior calendar-year energy costs and projected energy sales for the twelve -month period commencing on april 1 of each year to develop an energy cost rate, which is redetermined annually and includes a true-up adjustment reflecting the over- or under-recovery, including carrying charges, of the energy costs for the prior calendar year. the energy cost recovery rider tariff also allows an interim rate request depending upon the level of over- or under-recovery of fuel and purchased energy costs.
in january 2014, entergy arkansas filed a motion with the apsc relating to its redetermination of its energy cost rate that was subsequently filed in march 2014. in that motion, entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to exclude $65.9 million of deferred fuel and purchased energy costs incurred in 2013 from the redetermination of its 2014 energy cost rate. the $65.9 million is an estimate of the incremental fuel and replacement energy costs that entergy arkansas incurred as a result of the ano stator incident. entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance, with recovery to be reviewed in a later period after more information is available regarding various claims associated with the ano stator incident. the apsc approved entergy arkansas's request in february 2014. in july 2017, entergy arkansas filed for a change in rates pursuant to its formula rate plan rider. in that proceeding, the apsc approved a settlement agreement agreed upon by the parties, including a provision that requires entergy arkansas to initiate a proceeding for the purpose of recovering funds currently withheld from rates and related to the stator incident, including the $65.9 million of deferred fuel and purchased energy costs previously noted, subject to certain timelines and conditions set forth in the settlement agreement. see the "
ano damage, outage, and nrc reviews
" section in note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of the ano stator incident.
in march 2017, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01164 per kwh to $0.01547 per kwh. the apsc staff filed testimony in march 2017 recommending that the redetermined rate be implemented with the first billing cycle of april 2017 under the normal operation of the tariff. accordingly, the redetermined rate went into effect on march 31, 2017 pursuant to the tariff. in july 2017 the arkansas attorney general requested additional information to support certain of the costs included in entergy arkansas's 2017 energy cost rate redetermination.
312
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis opportunity sales proceeding in june 2009 the lpsc filed a complaint requesting that the ferc determine that certain of entergy arkansas's sales of electric energy to third parties: (a) violated the provisions of the system agreement that allocated the energy generated by entergy system resources, (b) imprudently denied the entergy system and its ultimate consumers the benefits of low-cost entergy system generating capacity, and (c) violated the provision of the system agreement that prohibited sales to third parties by individual companies absent an offer of a right-of-first-refusal to other utility operating companies. the lpsc's complaint challenged sales made beginning in 2002 and requests refunds. in july 2009 the utility operating companies filed a response to the complaint requesting that the ferc dismiss the complaint on the merits without hearing because the lpsc has failed to meet its burden of showing any violation of the system agreement and failed to produce any evidence of imprudent action by the entergy system. in their response, the utility operating companies explained that the system agreement clearly contemplates that the utility operating companies may make sales to third parties for their own account, subject to the requirement that those sales be included in the load (or load shape) for the applicable utility operating company. the ferc subsequently ordered a hearing in the proceeding.
the lpsc filed direct testimony in the proceeding alleging, among other things, (1) that entergy violated the system agreement by permitting entergy arkansas to make non-requirements sales to non-affiliated third parties rather than making such energy available to the other utility operating companies' customers; and (2) that over the period 2000 - 2009, these non-requirements sales caused harm to the utility operating companies' customers and these customers should be compensated for this harm by entergy. in subsequent testimony, the lpsc modified its original damages claim in favor of quantifying damages by re-running intra-system bills. the utility operating companies believe the lpsc's allegations are without merit. a hearing in the matter was held in august 2010.
in december 2010 the alj issued an initial decision. the alj found that the system agreement allowed for entergy arkansas to make the sales to third parties but concluded that the sales should be accounted for in the same manner as joint account sales. the alj concluded that "shareholders" should make refunds of the damages to the utility operating companies, along with interest. entergy disagreed with several aspects of the alj's initial decision and in january 2011 filed with the ferc exceptions to the decision.
the ferc issued a decision in june 2012 and held that, while the system agreement is ambiguous, it does provide authority for individual utility operating companies to make opportunity sales for their own account and entergy arkansas made and priced these sales in good faith. the ferc found, however, that the system agreement does not provide authority for an individual utility operating company to allocate the energy associated with such opportunity sales as part of its load, but provides a different allocation authority. the ferc further found that the after-the-fact accounting methodology used to allocate the energy used to supply the sales was inconsistent with the system agreement. quantifying the effect of the ferc's decision requires re-running intra-system bills for a ten-year period, and the ferc in its decision established further hearing procedures to determine the calculation of the effects. in july 2012, entergy and the lpsc filed requests for rehearing of the ferc's june 2012 decision. a hearing was held in may 2013 to quantify the effect of repricing the opportunity sales in accordance with the ferc's june 2012 decision.
in august 2013 the presiding judge issued an initial decision in the calculation proceeding. the initial decision concluded that the methodology proposed by the lpsc, rather than the methodologies proposed by entergy or the ferc staff, should be used to calculate the payments that entergy arkansas is to make to the other utility operating companies. the initial decision also concluded that the other system agreement service schedules should not be adjusted and that payments by entergy arkansas should not be reflected in the rough production cost equalization bandwidth calculations for the applicable years. the initial decision recognized that the lpsc's methodology would result in an inequitable windfall to the other utility operating companies and, therefore, concluded that any payments by entergy arkansas should be reduced by 20% . the lpsc, apsc, city council, and ferc staff filed briefs on exceptions and/or briefs opposing exceptions. entergy filed a brief on exceptions requesting that the ferc reverse the initial decision and a brief opposing certain exceptions taken by the lpsc and ferc staff.
313
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in april 2016 the ferc issued orders addressing requests for rehearing filed in july 2012 and the alj's august 2013
initial decision. the first order denied entergy's request for rehearing and affirmed the ferc's earlier rulings that entergy's original methodology for allocating energy costs to the opportunity sales was incorrect and, as a result, entergy arkansas must make payments to the other utility operating companies to put them in the same position that they would have been in absent the incorrect allocation. the ferc clarified that interest should be included with the payments. the second order affirmed in part, and reversed in part, the rulings in the alj's august 2013 initial decision regarding the methodology that should be used to calculate the payments entergy arkansas is to make to the other utility operating companies. the ferc affirmed the alj's ruling that a full re-run of intra-system bills should be performed, but required that methodology be modified so that the sales have the same priority for purposes of energy allocation as joint account sales. the ferc reversed the alj's decision that any payments by entergy arkansas should be reduced by 20% . the ferc also reversed the alj's decision that adjustments to other system agreement service schedules and excess bandwidth payments should not be taken into account when calculating the payments to be made by entergy arkansas. the ferc held that such adjustments and excess bandwidth payments should be taken into account, but ordered further proceedings before an alj to address whether a cap on any reduction due to bandwidth payments was necessary and to implement the other adjustments to the calculation methodology.
in may 2016, entergy services filed a request for rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order arguing that payments made by entergy arkansas should be reduced as a result of the timing of the lpsc's approval of certain contracts.
entergy services also filed a request for clarification and/or rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order addressing the alj's august 2013 initial decision. the apsc and the lpsc also filed requests for rehearing of the ferc's april
2016 order. in september 2017 the ferc issued an order denying the request for rehearing on the issue of whether any payments by entergy arkansas to the other utility operating companies should be reduced due to the timing of the lpsc's approval of entergy arkansas's wholesale baseload contract with entergy louisiana. in november 2017 the ferc issued an order denying all of the remaining requests for rehearing of the april 2016 order. in november 2017, entergy services filed a petition for review in the d.c. circuit of the ferc's orders in the first two phases of the opportunity sales case. in december 2017 the d.c. circuit granted entergy services's request to hold the appeal in abeyance pending final resolution of the related proceeding still pending with the ferc. in january 2018 the apsc and the lpsc filed separate petitions for review in the d.c. circuit, and the d.c. circuit consolidated the appeals with entergy services's appeal and held all of the appeals in abeyance.
pursuant to the procedural schedule established in the case, entergy services re-ran intra-system bills for the ten-year period 2000-2009 to quantify the effects of the ferc's ruling. in november 2016 the lpsc submitted testimony disputing certain aspects of the calculations. a hearing was held in may 2017. in july 2017, the alj issued an initial decision concluding that entergy arkansas should pay $86 million plus interest to the other utility operating companies. in august 2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, and ferc staff filed individual briefs on exceptions challenging various aspects of the initial decision. in september 2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, the mpsc, the city council, and ferc staff filed separate briefs opposing exceptions taken by various parties. the case is pending before the ferc. no payments will be made or received by the utility operating companies until the ferc issues an order reviewing the initial decision and entergy submits a subsequent filing to comply with that order.
the effect of the ferc's decisions thus far in the case would be that entergy arkansas will make payments to some or all of the other utility operating companies. because further proceedings will still occur in the case, the amount and recipients of payments by entergy arkansas are unknown at this time. based on testimony previously submitted in the case and its assessment of the april 2016 ferc orders, in the first quarter 2016, entergy arkansas recorded a liability of $87 million , which includes interest, for its estimated increased costs and payment to the other utility operating companies. this estimate is subject to change depending on how the ferc resolves the issues that are still outstanding in the case, including its review of the july 2017 initial decision. entergy arkansas's increased costs will be attributed to entergy arkansas's retail and wholesale businesses, and it is not probable that entergy arkansas will recover the wholesale portion. entergy arkansas, therefore, recorded a deferred fuel regulatory asset in the first quarter 2016 of approximately $75 million , which represents its estimate of the retail portion of the costs. following its assessment of the course of the proceedings, including the ferc's denial of rehearing in november 2017
314
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis described above, in the fourth quarter 2017, entergy arkansas recorded an additional liability of $35 million and a regulatory asset of $31 million. because management currently expects to recover the retail portion of the costs through a base rate proceeding or newly proposed rider, the regulatory asset is reflected as other regulatory assets as of december 31, 2017.
federal regulation see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters entergy arkansas owns and, through an affiliate, operates the ano 1 and ano 2 nuclear power plants. entergy arkansas is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of either ano 1 or ano 2, entergy arkansas may be required to file with the apsc a rate mechanism to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.
see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the nrc's decision in march 2015 to move ano into the
"multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column," or column 4, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix, and the resulting significant additional nrc inspection activities at the ano site.
environmental risks entergy arkansas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy arkansas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business

environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy arkansas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy arkansas's financial position or results of operations.
315
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis nuclear decommissioning costs see "
nuclear decommissioning costs
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
utility regulatory accounting see "
utility regulatory accounting
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
unbilled revenue see "
unbilled revenue
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the unbilled revenue amounts.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see "
taxation and uncertain tax positions
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy arkansas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
costs and sensitivities the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018 qualified      impact on 2017 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                       $3,107                       $47,040
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $2,914                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $1,353                        $6,446
compensation
316
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018       impact on 2017 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                          $506                           $7,552
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $782                           $5,513
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy arkansas in 2017 was $37 million. entergy arkansas anticipates 2018
qualified pension cost to be $43 million. in 2016, entergy arkansas refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of qualified pension costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified pension costs by $13.3 million. entergy arkansas contributed $79.6 million to its qualified pension plan in 2017 and estimates pension contributions will be approximately $64.1 million in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
total other postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy arkansas in 2017 was $4
million. entergy arkansas expects 2018 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $10.2 million. in 2016, entergy arkansas refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of other postretirement costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified other postretirement costs by $2.5 million. entergy arkansas contributed $695 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2017 and estimates 2018 contributions will be approximately $472 thousand.
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
other contingencies see "
other contingencies
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
317
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and changes in common equity (pages 319 through 324 and applicable items in pages 55 through 230), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
318
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2017             2016             2015
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $2,139,919       $2,086,608       $2,253,564
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  402,777          325,036          535,919
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    230,652          233,350          380,081
nuclear refueling                                                   83,968           56,650           51,411
outage expenses other operation and                                                707,825          706,573          734,118
maintenance decommissioning                                                     56,860           53,610           50,414
taxes other than                                                   103,662           93,109           99,926
income taxes depreciation and                                                   277,146          264,215          246,897
amortization other regulatory charges (credits) -                                                (16,074  )         7,737          (24,608  )
net total                                                            1,846,816        1,740,280        2,074,158
operating income                                                   293,103          346,328          179,406
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                   18,452           17,099           14,227
construction interest and                                                        35,882           19,087           22,382
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                   (299  )        (1,446  )        (3,385  )
total                                                               54,035           34,740           33,224
interest expense interest expense                                                   122,075          115,311          105,622
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                   (8,585  )        (9,228  )        (7,805  )
construction total                                                              113,490          106,083           97,817
income before income                                               233,648          274,985          114,813
taxes income taxes                                                        93,804          107,773           40,541
net income                                                         139,844          167,212           74,272
preferred dividend                                                   1,428            5,270            6,873
requirements earnings applicable to                                            $138,416         $161,942          $67,399
common stock see notes to financial statements.
319

(page left blank intentionally)
320
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2017            2016           2015
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                           $139,844        $167,212        $74,272
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning,                                                      427,394         414,933        400,156
including nuclear fuel amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                           67,711         201,219         (4,330  )
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                           (23,397  )      (39,118  )      20,813
fuel inventory                                                          3,402          29,929        (11,791  )
accounts payable                                                       16,011         143,645         (2,528  )
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                40,127          37,485        (54,531  )
accrued interest accrued                                                        1,635          (3,303  )        (367  )
deferred fuel costs                                                    33,190        (105,741  )     151,332
other working capital                                                  15,087         (46,490  )     (44,784  )
accounts provisions for                                                         16,047          13,130           (137  )
estimated losses other regulatory assets                                               (76,762  )      (95,464  )      60,279
other regulatory                                                    1,043,507          62,994        (11,123  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                               (1,047,837  )            -              -
regulatory liability/asset pension and other postretirement                                                        (70,826  )      (36,805  )    (110,936  )
liabilities other assets and                                                      (29,577  )      (67,115  )       8,565
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                          555,556         676,511        474,890
activities investing activities construction                                                         (735,816  )     (666,289  )    (624,546  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                      19,211          17,754         15,882
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                               (151,424  )     (102,050  )    (132,252  )
proceeds from sale of                                                  51,029          39,313         52,281
nuclear fuel proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                       339,434         197,390        212,954
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                      (352,138  )     (213,093  )    (223,357  )
trust funds payment for purchase of                                                     -        (237,323  )           -
plant changes in money pool                                                       -               -          2,218
receivable - net insurance proceeds                                                          -          10,404         11,654
other                                                                     392           5,899           (108  )
net cash flow used in investing                                                            (829,312  )     (947,995  )    (685,274  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                 294,656         817,563              -
debt retirement of long-term                                              (175,560  )     (628,433  )     (13,234  )
debt capital contribution                                                        -         200,000              -
from parent redemption of preferred                                                     -         (85,283  )           -
stock change in money pool                                                  114,905          (1,510  )      52,742
payable - net changes in short-term                                                  49,974         (11,690  )     (36,278  )
borrowings - net dividends paid:
common stock                                                          (15,000  )            -              -
preferred stock                                                        (1,428  )       (6,631  )      (6,873  )
other                                                                  (8,084  )       (1,158  )       4,657
net cash flow provided by financing                                                          259,463         282,858          1,014
activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                      (14,293  )       11,374       (209,370  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                         20,509           9,135        218,505
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $6,216         $20,509         $9,135
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                    $115,162        $112,912       $100,435
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($8,141  )    ($135,709  )    $103,296
see notes to financial statements.
321
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2017             2016
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                 $6,184          $20,174
temporary cash investments                                                               32              335
total cash and cash equivalents                                                       6,216           20,509
securitization recovery trust                                                         3,748            4,140
account accounts receivable:
customer                                                                            110,016          102,229
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                      (1,063  )        (1,211  )
associated companies                                                                 38,765           35,286
other                                                                                65,209           58,153
accrued unbilled revenues                                                           105,120          100,193
total accounts receivable                                                           318,047          294,650
deferred fuel costs                                                                  63,302           96,690
fuel inventory - at average cost                                                     29,358           32,760
materials and supplies - at average                                                 192,853          182,600
cost deferred nuclear refueling outage                                                    56,485           81,313
costs prepayments and other                                                                12,108           14,293
total                                                                               682,117          726,955
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                         944,890          834,735
other                                                                                 3,160            7,912
total                                                                               948,050          842,647
utility plant electric                                                                         11,059,538       10,488,060
property under capital lease                                                              -              716
construction work in progress                                                       280,888          304,073
nuclear fuel                                                                        277,345          307,352
total utility plant                                                              11,617,771       11,100,201
less - accumulated depreciation and                                               4,762,352        4,635,885
amortization utility plant - net                                                               6,855,419        6,464,316
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes -                                                       -           62,646
net other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $28,583
as of                                                                             1,567,437        1,428,029
december 31, 2017 and $41,164 as of december 31, 2016)
deferred fuel costs                                                                  67,096           66,898
other                                                                                13,910           14,626
total                                                                             1,648,443        1,572,199
total assets                                                                    $10,134,029       $9,606,117
see notes to financial statements.
322
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2017          2016
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                              $-      $114,700
short-term borrowings                                                                      49,974             -
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                                      365,915       239,711
other                                                                                     215,942       185,153
customer deposits                                                                          97,687        97,512
taxes accrued                                                                              47,321         7,194
interest accrued                                                                           18,215        16,580
other                                                                                      29,922        36,557
total                                                                                     824,976       697,407
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                   1,190,669     2,186,623
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                        34,104        35,305
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -                                                   985,823             -
net other regulatory liabilities                                                              363,591       305,907
decommissioning                                                                           981,213       924,353
accumulated provisions                                                                     34,729        18,682
pension and other postretirement                                                          353,274       424,234
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $34,662 as of december 31,                                                     2,952,399     2,715,085
2017
and $48,139 as of december 31, 2016)
other                                                                                       5,147        13,854
total                                                                                   6,900,949     6,624,043
commitments and contingencies preferred stock without sinking fund                                                       31,350        31,350
common equity common stock, $0.01 par value, authorized 325,000,000 shares; issued                                                         470           470
and outstanding 46,980,196 shares in
2017 and 2016
paid-in capital                                                                           790,264       790,243
retained earnings                                                                       1,586,020     1,462,604
total                                                                                   2,376,754     2,253,317
total liabilities and equity                                                          $10,134,029    $9,606,117
see notes to financial statements.
323
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

common equity common stock    paid-in capital            retained            total earnings
-in thousands balance at december 31,                                    $470           $588,471          $1,235,296       $1,824,237
2014
net income                                         -                  -              74,272           74,272
preferred stock                                    -                  -              (6,873  )        (6,873  )
dividends other                                              -                 22                   -               22
balance at december 31,                                    $470           $588,493          $1,302,695       $1,891,658
2015
net income                                         -                  -             167,212          167,212
capital contributions                                      -            200,000                   -          200,000
from parent capital stock                                      -              1,750              (2,033  )          (283  )
redemption preferred stock                                    -                  -              (5,270  )        (5,270  )
dividends balance at december 31,                                    $470           $790,243          $1,462,604       $2,253,317
2016
net income                                         -                  -             139,844          139,844
common stock                                       -                  -             (15,000  )       (15,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                    -                  -              (1,428  )        (1,428  )
dividends other                                              -                 21                   -               21
balance at december 31,                                    $470           $790,264          $1,586,020       $2,376,754
2017
see notes to financial statements.
324
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
and subsidiaries selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
-in thousands operating                                    $2,139,919    $2,086,608    $2,253,564    $2,172,391    $2,190,159
revenues net income                                     $139,844      $167,212       $74,272      $121,392      $161,948
total assets                                $10,134,029    $9,606,117    $8,747,774    $8,777,655    $8,007,707
long-term                                    $2,983,749    $2,746,435    $2,691,189    $2,757,423    $2,424,969
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt)
and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $768          $789          $824          $755          $772
commercial                                          495           495           515           461           469
industrial                                          472           446           477           424           433
governmental                                         19            18            20            18            19
total retail                                      1,754         1,748         1,836         1,658         1,693
sales for resale:
associated                                          128            49           128           131           346
companies non-associated                                      121           118           195           282            83
companies other                                               137           172            95           101            68
total                                            $2,140        $2,087        $2,254        $2,172        $2,190
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       7,298         7,618         8,016         8,070         7,921
commercial                                        5,825         5,988         6,020         5,934         5,929
industrial                                        7,528         6,795         6,889         6,808         6,769
governmental                                        237           237           235           238           241
total retail                                     20,888        20,638        21,160        21,050        20,860
sales for resale:
associated                                        1,782         1,609         2,239         2,299         7,918
companies non-associated                                    6,549         7,115         7,980         8,003         1,011
companies total                                            29,219        29,362        31,379        31,352        29,789
325
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
2017 compared to 2016
net income decreased $305.7 million primarily due to the effect of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, in december 2017, which resulted in a decrease of $182.6 million in net income in 2017, and the effect of a settlement with the irs related to the 2010-2011 irs audit, which resulted in a $136.1 million reduction of income tax expense in 2016. also contributing to the decrease in net income were higher other operation and maintenance expenses. the decrease was partially offset by higher net revenue and higher other income. see note 3 to the financial statements for discussion of the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act and the irs audit.
2016 compared to 2015
net income increased $175.4 million primarily due to the effect of a settlement with the irs related to the
2010-2011 irs audit, which resulted in a $136.1 million reduction of income tax expense in 2016. also contributing to the increase were lower other operation and maintenance expenses, higher net revenue, and higher other income.
the increase was partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher interest expense, and higher nuclear refueling outage expenses. see note 3 to the financial statements for discussion of the irs audit.
net revenue
2017 compared to 2016
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
amount
-in millions
2016 net revenue                                         $2,438.4
regulatory credit resulting from reduction of the            55.5
federal corporate income tax rate retail electric price                                        42.8
louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation                17.2
volume/weather                                              (12.4  )
other                                                        19.0
2017 net revenue                                         $2,560.5
the regulatory credit resulting from reduction of the federal corporate income tax rate variance is due to the reduction of the vidalia purchased power agreement regulatory liability by $30.5 million and the reduction of the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation regulatory liabilities by $25 million as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, in december 2017, which lowered the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%.
the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act are discussed further in note 3 to the financial statements.
326
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan revenues, implemented with the first billing cycle of march 2016, to collect the estimated first-year revenue requirement related to the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station in march 2016 and a provision recorded in 2016 related to the settlement of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator prudence review proceeding. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan revenues and the waterford 3 replacement steam generator prudence review proceeding.
the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation variance results from a regulatory charge recorded in 2016 for tax savings to be shared with customers per an agreement approved by the lpsc. the tax savings resulted from the
2010-2011 irs audit settlement on the treatment of the louisiana act 55 financing of storm costs for hurricane gustav and hurricane ike. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the settlement and benefit sharing.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales and decreased usage during the unbilled sales period. the decrease was partially offset by an increase of
1,237 gwh, or 4%, in industrial usage primarily due to an increase in demand from existing customers and expansion projects in the chemicals industry.
2016 compared to 2015
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2016 to 2015.
amount
-in millions
2015 net revenue                                     $2,408.8
retail electric price                                    62.5
volume/weather                                           (6.7  )
louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation           (17.2  )
other                                                    (9.0  )
2016 net revenue                                     $2,438.4
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan revenues, implemented with the first billing cycle of march 2016, to collect the estimated first-year revenue requirement related to the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential sales, partially offset by an increase in industrial usage and an increase in volume during the unbilled period. the increase in industrial usage is primarily due to increased demand from new customers and expansion projects, primarily in the chemicals industry.
the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation variance results from a regulatory charge for tax savings to be shared with customers per an agreement approved by the lpsc. the tax savings resulted from the 2010-2011 irs audit settlement on the treatment of the louisiana act 55 financing of storm costs for hurricane gustav and hurricane ike. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the settlement and benefit sharing.
included in other is a provision of $23 million recorded in 2016 related to the settlement of the waterford 3
replacement steam generator prudence review proceeding, offset by a provision of $32 million recorded in 2015
related to the uncertainty at that time associated with the resolution of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator prudence
327
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis review proceeding. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator prudence review proceeding.
other income statement variances
2017 compared to 2016
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
an increase of $17.8 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to higher nuclear labor costs,
  including contract labor, to position the nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, partially offset by a lower scope of work performed during plant outages in 2017;
  an increase of $9.5 millionin compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to the prior year;
  an increase of $4.1 million as a result of the amount of transmission costs allocated by miso.see note 2 to the financial statements for further information on the recovery of these costs;
  an increase of $3.6 million in transmission and distribution expenses due to higher vegetation maintenance costs; and
  an increase of $3.2 million in write-offs of customer accounts.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to increases in ad valorem taxes, state franchise taxes, and payroll taxes. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to higher assessments, including the assessment of arkansas ad valorem taxes on the union power station beginning in 2017. state franchise taxes increased primarily due to a change in the louisiana franchise tax law which became effective for 2017.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station purchased in march 2016, and the effects of recording in third quarter
2016 final court decisions in the river bend and waterford 3 lawsuits against the doe related to spent nuclear fuel storage costs. the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately $6 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as depreciation expense. see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2017, which includes the st. charles power station project, and higher realized gains in 2017 on the river bend decommissioning trust fund investments, including portfolio rebalancing to the 30% interest in river bend formerly owned by cajun.
interest expense decreased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2017, which includes the st. charles power station project.
2016 compared to 2015
nuclear refueling outage expenses increased primarily due to the amortization of higher expenses associated with the refueling outages at waterford 3.
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
the $45 million write-off recorded in 2015 to recognize the portion of the assets associated with the
  waterford 3 replacement steam generator project no longer probable of recovery.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the prudence review proceeding; and
328
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis a decrease of $35 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in net periodic pension and other postretirement costs as a result of higher discount rates used to value the benefit
  liabilities and a refinement in the approach used to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of pension and other postretirement costs. see "critical accounting estimates- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit costs.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $19.9 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to higher nuclear labor costs, including contract labor.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station purchased in march 2016.
other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2016, which included the st. charles power station project, and increased distribution and transmission spending. the increase was also due to higher income in 2016 on the river bend and waterford 3 decommissioning trust fund investments.
interest expense increased primarily due to:
  the issuance in march 2016 of $425 million of 3.25% series collateral trust mortgage bonds;
  the issuance in march 2016 of $200 million of 4.95% series first mortgage bonds; and
  the issuance in october 2016 of $400 million of 2.40% series collateral trust mortgage bonds.
the increase was partially offset by the refinancing at lower interest rates of certain first mortgage bonds. see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were 60.5%, 12.6%, and 28.6%, respectively. the difference in the effective income tax rate of 60.5% for 2017 versus the statutory rate of 35% for 2017 was primarily due to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, signed by president trump in december 2017, which changed the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective in 2018. see note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act. the difference in the effective income tax rate of 12.6%
for 2016 versus the statutory rate of 35% for 2016 was primarily due to the reversal of a portion of the provision for uncertain tax positions as a result of the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit in the second quarter 2016 and book and tax differences related to the non-taxable income distributions earned on preferred membership interests, partially offset by state income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
income tax legislation see the "
income tax legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses proceedings commenced or other responses by entergy's regulators to the act.
329
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were as follows:
2017             2016            2015
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning           $213,850          $35,102        $320,516
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            1,337,545        1,037,912       1,155,516
investing activities                           (1,787,409  )    (1,474,065  )     (994,208  )
financing activities                              271,921          614,901        (446,722  )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash         (177,943  )       178,748        (285,414  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $35,907         $213,850         $35,102
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $299.6 million in 2017 primarily due to:
income tax refunds of $234.2 million in 2017 compared to income tax payments of $156.6 million in 2016.
entergy louisiana received income tax refunds in 2017 and made income tax payments in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in 2017 resulted from the
  utilization of entergy louisiana's net operating losses.  the income tax payments in 2016 resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit, payments for state taxes resulting from the effect of the final settlement of the 2006-2007 irs audit, and the effect of net operating loss limitations.  see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the audits;
  an increase due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  an interest payment of $60 million made in march 2016 related to the purchase of a beneficial interest in the waterford 3 leased assets.
the increase was partially offset by:
a refund to customers in january 2017 of approximately $71 million as a result of the settlement approved by
  the lpsc related to the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project.  see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the settlement and refund;
  an increase of $62.8 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages; and proceeds of $37.8 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent
  nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed.  see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $117.6 million in 2016 primarily due to:
an increase of $67.5 million in income tax payments in 2016.  entergy louisiana had income tax payments in
2016 and 2015 in accordance with intercompany income tax allocation agreements.  the income tax payments in
  2016 resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit, payments for state taxes resulting from the effect of the final settlement of the 2006-2007 irs audit, and the effect of net operating loss limitations.  the 2015 income tax payments resulted primarily from adjustments
330
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis associated with the settlement of the 2008-2009 irs audit. see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the income tax audits;
an increase of $80.7 million in interest paid resulting from an increase in interest expense, including a
  payment of $60 million made in march 2016 related to the purchase of a beneficial interest in the waterford
3 leased assets.  see note 10 to the financial statements for a discussion of the purchase of a beneficial interest in the waterford 3 leased assets;
  the timing of collections from customers and payments to vendors; and
  a decrease due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2016.
the decrease was partially offset by proceeds of $37.8 million received in 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed and a decrease of $30.5 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages in 2016. see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $313.3 million in 2017 primarily due to:
  an increase of $364.3 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to higher spending on the st. charles power station and lake charles power station projects in 2017;
  an increase of $148.9 million in transmission construction expenditures due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017;
an increase of $144.9 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations
  from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
proceeds of $57.9 million received in 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear
  fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized.  see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation;
  an increase of $53.6 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on various nuclear projects in 2017;
  an increase of $30.4 million in distribution construction expenditures due to increased spending on digital technology improvements within the customer contact centers;
  an increase of $19.9 million due to increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure; and
  an increase of $12.3 million due to various information technology projects and upgrades in 2017.
the increase was partially offset by:
the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station for an aggregate purchase price of
  approximately $475 million in march 2016.  see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase;
  money pool activity; and
  an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2017.
decreases in entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool decreased by $11.3 million in 2017 compared to increasing by $16.3 million in 2016.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
331
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis net cash flow used in investing activities increased $479.9 million in 2016 primarily due to:
the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station for an aggregate purchase price of
  approximately $475 million in march 2016.  see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase;
  an increase of $130.7 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to spending on the st. charles power station project in 2016;
cash proceeds of $59.6 million received in 2015 from the transfer of algiers assets to entergy new orleans
  in september 2015.  see "state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery-retail rates-electric-filings with the city council" below for further discussion of the transfer;
  an increase of $52 million in transmission construction expenditures due to a higher scope of work performed in 2016; and
  an increase of $20.5 million due to various information technology projects and upgrades in 2016.
the increase was partially offset by:
fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
proceeds of $57.9 million received in 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear
  fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized.  see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation; and
  a decrease of $16.9 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to decreased spending on compliance with nrc post-fukushima requirements.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $343 million in 2017 primarily due to the net issuance of
$325.6 million of long-term debt in 2017 compared to the net issuance of $961.2 million in 2016. the decrease was partially offset by:
  a decrease of $194.3 million of common equity distributions primarily as a result of higher construction expenditures and higher nuclear fuel purchases in 2017; and
  net borrowings of $39.7 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities' credit facilities in
2017 compared to net repayments of $56.6 million in 2016.
entergy louisiana's financing activities provided $614.9 million of cash in 2016 compared to using $446.7 million in 2015 primarily due to the following activity:
  the net issuance of $961.2 million of long-term debt in 2016 compared to the net retirement of $103.4
million of long-term debt in 2015;
the redemption in september 2015 of $100 million of 6.95% series and $10 million of 8.25% series preferred
  membership interests in connection with the entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana business combination;
  net repayments of borrowings of $56.6 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility in 2016 compared to net borrowings of $14.3 million in 2015; and
  an increase of $59.5 million in common equity distributions in 2016.  equity distributions were lower in
2015 in anticipation of the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
332
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis capital structure entergy louisiana's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.
december 31,2017          december 31,2016
debt to capital                           53.8  %                   53.4  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds  (0.3  %)                  (0.5  %)
debt to capital, excluding                53.5  %                   52.9  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash                (0.1  %)                  (0.9  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding        53.4  %                   52.0  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a)  calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy louisiana.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy louisiana uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy louisiana, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy louisiana also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy louisiana's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy louisiana seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy louisiana may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing dividends, entergy louisiana may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy louisiana requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  distribution and interest payments.
333
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments.
2018      2019      2020
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $875      $530      $330
transmission                                 465       350       285
distribution                                 325       395       365
utility support                              165       110       135
total                                     $1,830    $1,385    $1,115
following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2018    2019-2020    2021-2022    after 2022      total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $940         $903         $843        $6,785     $9,471
operating leases                     $22          $41          $24           $19       $106
purchase obligations (b)            $633       $1,420       $1,366        $7,125    $10,544
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy louisiana, almost all of the total consists of
(b)  unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the vidalia purchased power agreement and the unit power sales agreement, both of which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy louisiana currently expects to contribute approximately $71.9 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $19 million to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy louisiana has $926.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy louisiana includes specific investments, such as the st. charles power station and lake charles power station, each discussed below; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth;
distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including investment to support advanced metering; resource planning, including potential generation projects; system improvements; investments in river bend and waterford 3; and other investments. entergy's utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. the estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements,
334
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
st. charles power station in august 2015, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc an application seeking certification that the public necessity and convenience would be served by the construction of the st. charles power station, a nominal 980
megawatt combined-cycle generating unit, on land adjacent to the existing little gypsy plant in st. charles parish, louisiana. it is currently estimated to cost $869 million to construct, including transmission interconnection and other related costs. the lpsc issued an order approving certification of st. charles power station in december
2016. construction is in progress and commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2019.
lake charles power station in november 2016, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the lake charles power station, a nominal 994
megawatt combined-cycle generating unit in westlake, louisiana, on land adjacent to the existing nelson plant in calcasieu parish. the current estimated cost of the lake charles power station is $872 million, including estimated costs of transmission interconnection and other related costs. in may 2017 the parties to the proceeding agreed to an uncontested stipulation finding that construction of the lake charles power station is in the public interest and authorizing an in-service rate recovery plan. in july 2017 the lpsc issued an order unanimously approving the stipulation and approved certification of the unit. construction is in progress and commercial operation is expected to occur by mid-2020.
washington parish energy center in april 2017, entergy louisiana signed a purchase and sale agreement with a subsidiary of calpine corporation for the acquisition of a peaking plant. calpine will construct the plant, which will consist of two natural gas-fired combustion turbine units with a total nominal capacity of approximately 361 mw. the plant, named the washington parish energy center, will be located in bogalusa, louisiana and, subject to permits and approvals, is expected to be completed in 2021. subject to regulatory approvals, entergy louisiana will purchase the plant once it is complete for an estimated total investment of approximately $261 million, including transmission and other related costs. in may 2017, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking certification of the plant. a procedural schedule has been established, with the deadlines recently extended and the hearing continued from march
2018 until june 2018 in order to allow the parties an opportunity to reach settlement.
advanced metering infrastructure (ami)
in november 2016, entergy louisiana filed an application seeking a finding from the lpsc that entergy louisiana's deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest. entergy louisiana proposed to deploy advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy louisiana's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of
$330 million . the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy louisiana provided a cost/benefit analysis showing that its combined electric and gas ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal net benefit to customers of $607 million. entergy louisiana also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $92 million at december 31, 2015, of the existing electric meters and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy louisiana proposed a 15-year useful life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019. the communications network deployment
335
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis is expected to begin by late-2018, after the necessary information technology infrastructure is in place. entergy louisiana proposed to recover the cost of ami through the implementation of a customer charge, net of certain benefits, phased in over the period 2019 through 2022. the parties reached an uncontested stipulation permitting implementation of entergy louisiana's proposed ami system, with modifications to the proposed customer charge. in july 2017 the lpsc approved the stipulation. entergy louisiana expects to recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset at current depreciation rates.
sources of capital entergy louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred membership interest issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy louisiana may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy louisiana require prior regulatory approval. preferred membership interest and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. entergy louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy louisiana's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2017                       2016      2015      2014
-in thousands
$11,173                 $22,503    $6,154    $2,815
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $350 million scheduled to expire in august 2022. the credit facility allows entergy louisiana to issue letters of credit against $15 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2017, there were no cash borrowings and a $9.1 million letter of credit outstanding under the credit facility. in addition, entergy louisiana is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2017, a $29.7 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy louisiana's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entities have two separate credit facilities, one in the amount of $105 million and one in the amount of $85 million, both scheduled to expire in may 2019. as of december 31, 2017, $65.7 million of loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the entergy louisiana river bend nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. as of december 31, 2017, $43.5 million in letters of credit to support a like amount of commercial paper issued and $36.4 million in loans were outstanding under the entergy louisiana waterford nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facilities.
336
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2019 for the following:
  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $450 million at any time outstanding;
  long-term borrowings and security issuances; and
  long-term borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entities.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy louisiana's short-term borrowing limits.
hurricane isaac in june 2014 the lpsc voted to approve a series of orders which (i) quantified $290.8 million of hurricane isaac system restoration costs as prudently incurred; (ii) determined $290 million as the level of storm reserves to be re-established; (iii) authorized entergy louisiana to utilize louisiana act 55 financing for hurricane isaac system restoration costs; and (iv) granted other requested relief associated with storm reserves and act 55 financing of hurricane isaac system restoration costs. entergy louisiana committed to pass on to customers a minimum of $30.8
million of customer benefits through annual customer credits of approximately $6.2 million for five years.
approvals for the act 55 financings were obtained from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation and the louisiana state bond commission. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the august 2014
issuance of bonds under act 55 of the louisiana legislature.
little gypsy repowering project in april 2007, entergy louisiana announced that it intended to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 mw unit at its little gypsy plant. in march 2009 the lpsc voted in favor of a motion directing entergy louisiana to temporarily suspend the repowering project and, based upon an analysis of the project's economic viability, to make a recommendation regarding whether to proceed with the project. this action was based upon a number of factors including the recent decline in natural gas prices, as well as environmental concerns, the unknown costs of carbon legislation and changes in the capital/financial markets. in april 2009, entergy louisiana complied with the lpsc's directive and recommended that the project be suspended for an extended period of time of three years or more. in may 2009 the lpsc issued an order declaring that entergy louisiana's decision to place the little gypsy project into a longer-term suspension of three years or more is in the public interest and prudent.
in october 2009, entergy louisiana made a filing with the lpsc seeking permission to cancel the little gypsy repowering project and seeking project cost recovery over a five-year period. in june 2010 and august 2010, the lpsc staff and intervenors filed testimony. the lpsc staff (1) agreed that it was prudent to move the project from long-term suspension to cancellation and that the timing of the decision to suspend on a longer-term basis was not imprudent; (2) indicated that, except for $0.8 million in compensation-related costs, the costs incurred should be deemed prudent; (3) recommended recovery from customers over ten years but stated that the lpsc may want to consider 15 years; (4) allowed for recovery of carrying costs and earning a return on project costs, but at a reduced rate approximating the cost of debt, while also acknowledging that the lpsc may consider ordering no return; and (5) indicated that entergy louisiana should be directed to securitize project costs, if legally feasible and in the public interest. in the third quarter 2010, in accordance with accounting standards, entergy louisiana determined that it was probable that the little gypsy repowering project would be abandoned and accordingly reclassified $199.8 million of project costs from construction work in progress to a regulatory asset.
a hearing on the issues, except for cost allocation among customer classes, was held before the alj in november
2010. in january 2011 all parties participated in a mediation on the disputed issues, resulting in a settlement of all disputed issues, including cost recovery and cost allocation. the settlement provides for entergy louisiana to recover $200 million as of march 31, 2011, and carrying costs on that amount on specified terms thereafter. the settlement also provides for entergy louisiana to recover the approved project costs by securitization. in april
2011, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc to authorize the securitization of the investment recovery costs associated with the project and to issue a financing order by which entergy louisiana could accomplish such securitization. in august 2011 the lpsc issued an order approving the settlement and also
337
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis issued a financing order for the securitization. see note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of the september 2011 issuance of the securitization bonds.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the lpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
retail rates - electric filings with the lpsc
2014 formula rate plan filing in connection with the approval of the business combination of entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana, the lpsc authorized the filing of a single, joint, formula rate plan evaluation report for entergy gulf states louisiana's and entergy louisiana's 2014 calendar year operations. the joint evaluation report was filed in september 2015 and reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.09% . as such, no adjustment to base formula rate plan revenue was required. the following adjustments were required under the formula rate plan, however: a decrease in the additional capacity mechanism for entergy louisiana of $17.8 million ; an increase in the additional capacity mechanism for entergy gulf states louisiana of $4.3 million ; and a reduction of $5.5 million to the miso cost recovery mechanism to collect approximately $35.7 million on a combined-company basis. under the order approving the business combination, following completion of the prescribed review period, rates were implemented with the first billing cycle of december 2015, subject to refund. in june 2017 the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana filed an unopposed joint report of proceedings, which was accepted by the lpsc in june 2017, finalizing the results of this proceeding with no changes to rates already implemented.
2015 formula rate plan filing in may 2016, entergy louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2015 calendar year operations.
the evaluation report reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.07% . as such, no adjustment to base formula rate plan revenue was required. the following other adjustments, however, were required under the formula rate plan: an increase in the legacy entergy louisiana additional capacity mechanism of $14.2 million ; a separate increase in legacy entergy louisiana revenue of $10 million primarily to reflect the effects of the termination of the system agreement; an increase in the legacy entergy gulf states louisiana additional capacity mechanism of $0.5
million ; a decrease in legacy entergy gulf states louisiana revenue of $58.7 million primarily to reflect the effects of the termination of the system agreement; and an increase of $11 million to the miso cost recovery mechanism. rates were implemented with the first billing cycle of september 2016, subject to refund. following implementation of the as-filed rates in september 2016, there were several interim updates to entergy louisiana's formula rate plan, including the one submitted in december 2016, reflecting implementation of the settlement of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project prudence review described below. in june 2017 the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana filed a joint report of proceedings, which was accepted by the lpsc in june 2017, finalizing the results of the may 2016 evaluation report, interim updates, and corresponding proceedings with no changes to rates already implemented.
extension of miso cost recovery mechanism rider in november 2016, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc a request to extend the miso cost recovery mechanism rider provision of its formula rate plan. in march 2017 the lpsc staff submitted direct testimony generally supportive of a one-year extension of the miso cost recovery mechanism and the intervenor in the proceeding did not
338
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis oppose an extension for this period of time. in july 2017 an uncontested joint stipulation authorizing a one-year extension of the miso cost recovery mechanism rider was approved.
2016 formula rate plan filing in may 2017, entergy louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2016 calendar year operations.
the evaluation report reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.84% . as such, no adjustment to base formula rate plan revenue was required. adjustments, however, were required under the formula rate plan; the 2016 formula rate plan evaluation report showed a decrease in formula rate plan revenue of approximately $16.9 million , comprised of a decrease in legacy entergy louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $3.5 million , a decrease in legacy entergy gulf states louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $9.7 million , and a decrease in incremental formula rate plan revenue of $3.7 million . additionally, the formula rate plan evaluation report called for a decrease of $40.5 million in the miso cost recovery revenue requirement from the present level of $46.8 million to
$6.3 million . rates reflecting these adjustments were implemented with the first billing cycle of september 2017, subject to refund. in september 2017 the lpsc issued its report indicating that no changes to entergy louisiana's original formula rate plan evaluation report were required but reserved for several issues, including entergy louisiana's september 2017 update to its formula rate plan evaluation report.
formula rate plan extension request in august 2017, entergy louisiana filed a request with the lpsc seeking to extend its formula rate plan for three years (2017-2019) with limited modifications to its terms. those modifications include: a one-time resetting of base rates to the midpoint of the band at entergy louisiana's authorized return on equity of 9.95% for the 2017
test year; narrowing of the formula rate plan bandwidth from a total of 160 basis points to 80 basis points; and a forward-looking mechanism that would allow entergy louisiana to recover certain transmission-related costs contemporaneously with when those projects begin delivering benefits to customers. entergy louisiana requested that the lpsc consider its request on an expedited basis, in an effort to maintain entergy louisiana's current cycle for implementing rate adjustments, i.e., september 2018, without the need for filing a full base rate case proceeding.
several parties have intervened in the proceeding and all parties have been participating in settlement discussions.
waterford 3 replacement steam generator project following the completion of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, the lpsc undertook a prudence review in connection with a filing made by entergy louisiana in april 2013 with regard to the following aspects of the replacement project: 1) project management; 2) cost controls; 3) success in achieving stated objectives; 4) the costs of the replacement project; and 5) the outage length and replacement power costs. in july 2014 the lpsc staff filed testimony recommending potential project and replacement power cost disallowances of up to $71 million , citing a need for further explanation or documentation from entergy louisiana. an intervenor filed testimony recommending disallowance of $141 million of incremental project costs, claiming the steam generator fabricator was imprudent. entergy louisiana provided further documentation and explanation requested by the lpsc staff. an evidentiary hearing was held in december 2014. at the hearing the parties maintained the positions reflected in pre-filed testimony. entergy louisiana believed that the replacement steam generator costs were prudently incurred and applicable legal principles supported their recovery in rates. nevertheless, entergy louisiana recorded a write-off of $16 million of waterford 3's plant balance in december 2014 because of the uncertainty at the time associated with the resolution of the prudence review. in december 2015 the alj issued a proposed recommendation, which was subsequently finalized, concluding that entergy louisiana prudently managed the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, including the selection, use, and oversight of contractors, and could not reasonably have anticipated the damage to the steam generators. nevertheless, the alj concluded that entergy louisiana was liable for the conduct of its contractor and subcontractor and, therefore, recommended a disallowance of $67 million in capital costs. additionally, the alj concluded that entergy louisiana did not sufficiently justify the incurrence of $2 million in replacement power costs during the replacement outage. although the alj's recommendation had not yet been considered by the lpsc, after considering the progress of the proceeding in light of the alj recommendation, entergy
339
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis louisiana recorded in the fourth quarter 2015 approximately $77 million in charges, including a $45 million asset write-off and a $32 million regulatory charge, to reflect that a portion of the assets associated with the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project was no longer probable of recovery. entergy louisiana maintained that the alj's recommendation contained significant factual and legal errors.
in october 2016 the parties reached a settlement in this matter. the settlement was approved by the lpsc in december 2016. the settlement effectively provided for an agreed-upon disallowance of $67 million of plant, which had been previously written off by entergy louisiana, as discussed above. the refund to customers of approximately
$71 million as a result of the settlement approved by the lpsc was made to customers in january 2017. of the $71
million of refunds, $68 million was credited to customers through entergy louisiana's formula rate plan, outside of sharing, and $3 million through its fuel adjustment clause. entergy louisiana had previously recorded a provision of $48 million for this refund. the previously-recorded provision included the cumulative revenues recorded through december 2016 related to the $67 million of disallowed plant. an additional regulatory charge of $23 million was recorded in fourth quarter 2016 to reflect the effects of the settlement. the settlement also provided that entergy louisiana could retain the value associated with potential service credits agreed to by the project contractor, to the extent they are realized in the future. following a review by the parties, an unopposed joint report of proceedings was filed by the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana in may 2017 and the lpsc accepted the joint report of proceedings resolving the matter.
ninemile 6
in july 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana filed an unopposed stipulation with the lpsc, which was subsequently approved, that estimated a first year revenue requirement associated with ninemile 6 and provided a mechanism to update the revenue requirement as the in-service date approached. in late-december 2014, roughly contemporaneous with the unit's placement in service, a final updated estimated revenue requirement of
$26.8 million for entergy gulf states louisiana and $51.1 million for entergy louisiana was filed. the december
2014 estimate formed the basis of rates implemented effective with the first billing cycle of january 2015. in july
2015, entergy louisiana submitted to the lpsc a compliance filing including an estimate at completion, inclusive of interconnection costs and transmission upgrades, of approximately $648 million , or $76 million less than originally estimated, along with other project details and supporting evidence, to enable the lpsc to review the prudence of entergy louisiana's management of the project. testimony filed by the lpsc staff generally supported the prudence of the management of the project and recovery of the costs incurred to complete the project. the lpsc staff had questioned the warranty coverage for one element of the project. in october 2016 all parties agreed to a stipulation providing that 100% of ninemile 6 construction costs was prudently incurred and is eligible for recovery from customers, but reserving the lpsc's rights to review the prudence of entergy louisiana's actions regarding one element of the project. this stipulation was approved by the lpsc in january 2017.
union power station and deactivation or retirement decisions for entergy louisiana plants in january 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana filed its application with the lpsc for approval of the acquisition and cost recovery of two power blocks of the union power station for an expected base purchase price of approximately $237 million per power block, subject to adjustments. in september 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana agreed to settlement terms with all parties for entergy gulf states louisiana's purchase of the two power blocks. in october 2015 the lpsc voted unanimously to approve the uncontested settlement which finds, among other things, that acquisition of power blocks 3 and 4 is in the public interest and, therefore, prudent. the business combination of entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana received regulatory approval and closed in october 2015 making entergy louisiana the named purchaser of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station. in march 2016, entergy louisiana acquired power blocks 3 and 4 of union power station for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $474 million and implemented rates to collect the estimated first-year revenue requirement with the first billing cycle of march 2016.
340
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis as a term of the lpsc-approved settlement authorizing the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station, entergy louisiana agreed to make a filing with the lpsc to review its decisions to deactivate ninemile 3
and willow glen 2 and 4 and its decision to retire little gypsy 1. in january 2016, entergy louisiana made its compliance filing with the lpsc. entergy louisiana, lpsc staff, and intervenors participated in a technical conference in march 2016 where entergy louisiana presented information on its deactivation/retirement decisions for these four units in addition to information on the current deactivation decisions for the ten-year planning horizon. parties have requested further proceedings on the prudence of the decision to deactivate willow glen 2 and
4. no party contests the prudence of the decision to deactivate willow glen 2 and 4 or suggests reactivation of these units; however, issues have been raised related to entergy louisiana's decision to give up its transmission service rights in miso for willow glen 2 and 4 rather than placing the units into suspended status for the three-
year term permitted by miso. an evidentiary hearing was held in august 2017 and post-hearing briefs were submitted in october 2017. a decision is expected in 2018.
retail rates - gas in accordance with the settlement of entergy gulf states louisiana's gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2012, in august 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana submitted for consideration a proposal for implementation of an infrastructure rider to recover expenditures associated with strategic plant investment and relocation projects mandated by local governments. after review by the lpsc staff and inclusion of certain customer safeguards required by the lpsc staff, in december 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana and the lpsc staff submitted a joint settlement for implementation of an accelerated gas pipe replacement program providing for the replacement of approximately 100 miles of pipe over the next ten years, as well as relocation of certain existing pipe resulting from local government-related infrastructure projects, and for a rider to recover the investment associated with these projects. the rider allows for recovery of approximately $65 million over ten years. the rider recovery will be adjusted on a quarterly basis to include actual investment incurred for the prior quarter and is subject to the following conditions, among others: a ten-year term; application of any earnings in excess of
10.45% as an offset to the revenue requirement of the infrastructure rider; adherence to a specified spending plan, within plus or minus 20% annually; annual filings comparing actual versus planned rider spending with actual spending and explanation of variances exceeding 10% ; and an annual true-up. the joint settlement was approved by the lpsc in january 2015. implementation of the infrastructure rider commenced with bills rendered on and after the first billing cycle of april 2015.
2014 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2014. the filing showed an earned return on common equity of 7.20% , which resulted in a
$706 thousand rate increase. in april 2015 the lpsc issued findings recommending two adjustments to entergy gulf states louisiana's as-filed results, and an additional recommendation that did not affect the results. the lpsc staff's recommended adjustments increase the earned return on equity for the test year to 7.24% . entergy gulf states louisiana accepted the lpsc staff's recommendations and a revenue increase of $688 thousand was implemented with the first billing cycle of may 2015.
2015 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2016, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2015. the filing showed an earned return on common equity of 10.22% , which is within the authorized bandwidth, therefore requiring no change in rates. in march 2016 the lpsc staff issued its report stating that the
2015 gas rate stabilization plan filing was in compliance with the exception of several issues that required additional information, explanation, or clarification for which the lpsc staff had reserved the right to further review. in july 2016 the parties to the proceeding filed an unopposed joint report and motion for entry of order accepting the report that indicated no outstanding issues remained in the filing.
341
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in february 2016, entergy louisiana filed a motion requesting to extend the term of the gas rate stabilization plan in substantially similar form for an additional three-year term and included a request for sharing of non-
jurisdictional compressed natural gas revenues. following discovery and the filing of testimony by the lpsc staff, entergy louisiana and the lpsc submitted a joint motion for hearing an uncontested stipulated settlement resolving the proceeding. a hearing on the stipulation was held in november 2016. the alj issued a report of proceedings that was presented with the parties' stipulation to the lpsc for consideration. the stipulation approving entergy louisiana's requested extension of the rate stabilization plan was approved by the lpsc in december 2016.
2016 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2017, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2016. the filing of the evaluation report for test year 2016 reflected an earned return on common equity of 6.37% . as part of the original filing, pursuant to the extraordinary cost provision of the rate stabilization plan, entergy louisiana sought to recover approximately $1.5 million in deferred operation and maintenance expenses incurred to restore service and repair damage resulting from flooding and widespread rainfall in southeast louisiana that occurred in august 2016. entergy louisiana requested to recover the prudently incurred august 2016 storm restoration costs over ten years, outside of the rate stabilization plan sharing provisions. as a result, entergy louisiana's filing sought an annual increase in revenue of $1.4 million . following review of the filing, except for the proposed extraordinary cost recovery, the lpsc staff confirmed entergy louisiana's filing was consistent with the principles and requirements of the rate stabilization plan. the extraordinary cost recovery request associated with the 2016 flood-related deferred operation and maintenance expenses incurred for gas operations was removed from the rate stabilization plan pending lpsc consideration in a separate docket. in april
2017 the lpsc approved a joint report of proceedings and entergy louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report reflecting a $1.2 million annual increase in revenue with rates implemented with the first billing cycle of may
2017.
in connection with the joint report of proceedings accepted by the lpsc, in may 2017, entergy louisiana filed an application to initiate a separate proceeding to recover through the extraordinary cost provision of the gas rate stabilization plan the deferred operation and maintenance expenses of $1.4 million incurred to restore service and repair damage resulting from flooding and widespread rainfall in southeast louisiana that occurred in august 2016.
the lpsc staff submitted its direct testimony in the proceeding recommending recovery of $0.9 million . entergy louisiana filed rebuttal testimony responding to the lpsc staff's recommendation. the procedural schedule was suspended to allow the parties to engage in settlement negotiations, and in february 2018 the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana filed an unopposed settlement. if approved by the lpsc, the settlement would provide for entergy louisiana to recover, over ten years, the approximately $1.4 million in deferred operation and maintenance expense and related carrying charges. the settlement further provides for recovery to commence in may 2018.
2017 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2018, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for test year ended september 30, 2017. the filing of the evaluation report for the test year 2017 reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.06%. this earned return is below the earnings sharing band of the rate stabilization plan and results in a rate increase of $0.1 million. due to the enactment in late-december 2017 of the tax cuts and jobs act, entergy louisiana did not have adequate time to reflect the effects of this tax legislation in the rate stabilization plan. as a result, entergy louisiana will file a supplement to the january 2018 evaluation report to reflect, among other things, a 21% federal corporate income tax rate. any rate change resulting from the revised rate stabilization plan will become effective in rates in may 2018.
fuel and purchased power recovery entergy louisiana recovers electric fuel and purchased power costs for the billing month based upon the level of such costs incurred two months prior to the billing month. entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustments include
342
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis estimates for the billing month adjusted by a surcharge or credit that arises from an annual reconciliation of fuel costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges.
in april 2010 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit included a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through the fuel adjustment clause by entergy louisiana for the period from 2005 through 2009. the lpsc staff issued its audit report in january 2013.
the lpsc staff recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $1.9 million , plus interest, to customers and realign the recovery of approximately $1 million from entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause to base rates.
the recommended refund was made by entergy louisiana in may 2013 in the form of a credit to customers through its fuel adjustment clause filing. in october 2016 the lpsc staff filed testimony affirming the recommendation in its audit report on the lone remaining issue that nuclear dry fuel storage costs should be realigned to base rates. the parties agreed to remove that remaining issue to a separate docket because the same issue was outstanding in the entergy gulf states louisiana audit for the same time period. in november 2016 the lpsc approved the resolution of this audit and the creation of a new docket for the resolution of the proper method of recovery for nuclear dry fuel storage costs. in december 2016 the lpsc opened a new docket in order to resolve the issue regarding the proper methodology for the recovery of nuclear dry fuel storage costs. in october 2017 the lpsc approved the continued recovery of the nuclear dry fuel storage costs through the fuel adjustment clause, resolving the open issue in the audit.
in december 2011 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate a proceeding to audit the fuel adjustment clause filings of entergy gulf states louisiana and its affiliates. the audit included a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy gulf states louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period 2005 through 2009. in march 2016 the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $8.6 million , plus interest, to customers and realign the recovery of approximately $12.7 million from entergy gulf states louisiana's fuel adjustment clause to base rates. in september
2016 the lpsc staff filed testimony stating that it was no longer recommending a disallowance of $3.4 million of the $8.6 million discussed above, but otherwise maintained positions from its report. subsequently, the parties entered into a settlement, which was approved by the lpsc in november 2016. the settlement recognized the dry cask storage recovery method issue, which was addressed in the separate proceeding approved by the lpsc in october 2017, provided for a refund of $5 million , which was made to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers in december
2016, and resolved all other issues raised in the audit.
in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy gulf states louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy gulf states louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. discovery commenced in july
2015. no report of audit has been issued.
in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. discovery commenced in july 2015. no report of audit has been issued.
in june 2016 the lpsc staff provided notice of audits of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings and purchased gas adjustment clause filings. in recognition of the business combination that occurred in 2015, the audit notice was issued to entergy louisiana and will also include a review of charges to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers prior to the business combination. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2014 through 2015 and charges flowed through entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause for the period from 2012 through 2015. discovery commenced in march 2017. no report of audit has been issued.
due to higher fuel costs for the operating month of january 2018 resulting in part from recent cold weather, higher henry hub prices, and an increase in total fuel and purchased power costs, entergy louisiana plans to cap the
343
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis average fuel adjustment charge to be billed in march 2018 at $0.03060 per kwh and to defer billing of all fuel costs in excess of the capped amounts by including such costs in the over- or under-recovery account.
industrial and commercial customers entergy louisiana's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy louisiana's industrial customer base. entergy louisiana responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. entergy louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers.
federal regulation see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters entergy louisiana owns and, through an affiliate, operates the river bend and waterford 3 nuclear power plants.
entergy louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials;
the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of river bend or waterford 3, entergy louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.
waterford 3's operating license is currently due to expire in december 2024. in march 2016, entergy louisiana filed an application with the nrc for an extension of waterford 3's operating license to 2044. river bend's operating license is currently due to expire in august 2025. in may 2017, entergy louisiana filed an application with the nrc for an extension of river bend's operating license to 2045. in october 2017 an intervenor filed with the nrc a petition to intervene and request for a hearing on the river bend license renewal application. as provided by nrc procedure, a panel of the atomic safety and licensing board has been designated to determine whether the intervenor's three proposed contentions, or allegations of errors or omissions in the license renewal application, are admissible and, if so, to rule on any admitted contentions. in january 2018 the atomic safety and licensing board denied the petition to intervene and the request for hearing.
environmental risks entergy louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in
344
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
"
regulation of entergy's business

environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy louisiana's financial position or results of operations.
nuclear decommissioning costs see "
nuclear decommissioning costs
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
utility regulatory accounting see "
utility regulatory accounting
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
unbilled revenue see "
unbilled revenue
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the unbilled revenue amounts.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see "
taxation and uncertain tax positions
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy louisiana's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
345
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018 qualified      impact on 2017 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                       $3,737                       $54,506
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $3,309                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $1,726                        $8,824
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018       impact on 2017 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                          $753                          $10,727
health care cost trend    0.25%                                         $1,219                           $8,675
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy louisiana in 2017 was $44.3 million. entergy louisiana anticipates 2018
qualified pension cost to be $52.1 million. in 2016, entergy louisiana refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of qualified pension costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified pension costs by $14.2 million. entergy louisiana contributed $87.5 million to its pension plans in 2017 and estimates pension contributions will be approximately $71.9 million in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for entergy louisiana in 2017 were $12.6 million.
entergy louisiana expects 2018 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs of approximately $11.2
million. in 2016, entergy louisiana refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of other postretirement costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified other postretirement costs by
$3.5 million. entergy louisiana contributed $14.4 million to its other postretirement plans in 2017 and estimates that 2018 contributions will be approximately $19 million.
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
346
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other contingencies see "
other contingencies
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
347
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the members and board of directors of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity (pages 349 through 354 and applicable items in pages 55 through 230), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
"financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
348
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2017             2016             2015
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $4,246,020       $4,126,343       $4,361,524
natural gas                                                         54,530           50,705           55,622
total                                                            4,300,550        4,177,048        4,417,146
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  912,060          804,433          850,869
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    980,070          890,058        1,129,910
nuclear refueling                                                   52,074           51,361           44,480
outage expenses other operation and                                                969,400          923,779          997,546
maintenance decommissioning                                                     49,457           46,944           43,445
taxes other than                                                   175,359          165,665          167,966
income taxes depreciation and                                                   467,369          451,290          437,036
amortization other regulatory charges (credits) -                                               (152,080  )        44,131           27,562
net total                                                            3,453,709        3,377,661        3,698,814
operating income                                                   846,841          799,387          718,332
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                   51,485           27,925           19,192
construction interest and                                                       164,550          154,778          150,168
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                (11,960  )       (11,597  )       (13,190  )
total                                                              204,075          171,106          156,170
interest expense interest expense                                                   275,185          273,283          259,894
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                  (25,914  )       (14,571  )       (10,702  )
construction total                                                              249,271          258,712          249,192
income before income                                               801,645          711,781          625,310
taxes income taxes                                                       485,298           89,734          178,671
net income                                                         316,347          622,047          446,639
preferred distribution requirements and                                                         -                -            5,737
other earnings applicable to                                            $316,347         $622,047         $440,902
common equity see notes to financial statements.
349
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31,
2017        2016        2015
-in thousands net income                                                                     $316,347    $622,047    $446,639
other comprehensive income pension and other postretirement liabilities
(net of tax expense of
$234, $5,034, and                                                                 2,042       7,970      22,811
$14,316)
other comprehensive income                                                        2,042       7,970      22,811
comprehensive income                                                           $318,389    $630,017    $469,450
see notes to financial statements.
350
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2017             2016            2015
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                         $316,347         $622,047        $446,639
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning,                                                    621,018          620,211         593,635
including nuclear fuel amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                        575,804          178,549          97,461
non-current taxes accrued changes in working capital:
receivables                                                         (53,829  )      (102,200  )      (12,795  )
fuel inventory                                                       11,010           (2,693  )         (887  )
accounts payable                                                     58,880          (36,720  )       23,641
prepaid taxes and                                                   128,261         (235,246  )      105,687
taxes accrued interest accrued                                                        (70  )         1,218           2,933
deferred fuel costs                                                  23,236          (17,023  )        4,222
other working capital                                               (30,911  )         6,462         (41,890  )
accounts changes in provisions for estimated                                                        (8,324  )           490          (8,946  )
losses changes in other                                                    492,696           57,579         130,762
regulatory assets changes in other                                                    605,453           62,351          96,234
regulatory liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                             (1,207,808  )             -               -
regulatory liability/asset changes in pension and other                                                               (32,309  )       (52,559  )      (98,695  )
postretirement liabilities other                                                              (161,909  )       (64,554  )     (182,485  )
net cash flow provided by operating                                                      1,337,545        1,037,912       1,155,516
activities investing activities construction                                                     (1,662,835  )    (1,030,416  )     (845,227  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                    51,485           27,925          19,192
construction insurance proceeds                                                    5,305           10,564               -
nuclear fuel purchases                                             (197,829  )       (73,618  )     (244,040  )
proceeds from the sale                                               42,634           63,304          54,595
of nuclear fuel payment for purchase                                                      -         (474,670  )            -
of plant payments to storm                                                    (2,110  )        (1,063  )         (308  )
reserve escrow account receipts from storm reserve escrow                                                        8,835                -               -
account changes in                                                              880              351            (137  )
securitization account proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                     231,293          219,182         123,474
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                    (266,592  )      (257,209  )     (158,028  )
trust funds changes in money pool                                                11,330          (16,349  )       (3,339  )
receivable - net proceeds from sale of                                                     -                -          59,610
assets payment for purchase                                                 (9,805  )             -               -
of assets litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                                                      -           57,934               -
spent nuclear fuel storage costs net cash flow used in investing                                                        (1,787,409  )    (1,474,065  )     (994,208  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                               733,344        2,450,063          77,172
debt retirement of                                                      (407,736  )    (1,488,870  )     (180,595  )
long-term debt redemption of preferred membership                                                      -                -        (110,286  )
interests changes in credit                                                    39,746          (56,562  )       14,322
borrowings - net distributions paid:
common equity                                                       (91,250  )      (285,500  )     (226,000  )
preferred membership                                                      -                -          (6,082  )
interests other                                                                (2,183  )        (4,230  )      (15,253  )
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                                        271,921          614,901        (446,722  )
financing activities net increase
(decrease) in cash and                                             (177,943  )       178,748        (285,414  )
cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                      213,850           35,102         320,516
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                               $35,907         $213,850         $35,102
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                  $266,871         $324,456        $243,745
amount capitalized income taxes                                                      ($234,199  )      $156,605         $89,124
non-cash financing activities:
capital contribution                                                     $-               $-       ($267,826  )
from parent see notes to financial statements.
351
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2017              2016
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                $5,836           $49,972
temporary cash investments                                                          30,071           163,878
total cash and cash equivalents                                                     35,907           213,850
accounts receivable:
customer                                                                           254,308           213,517
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                     (8,430  )         (6,277  )
associated companies                                                               143,524           155,794
other                                                                               60,893            54,186
accrued unbilled revenues                                                          153,118           159,176
total accounts receivable                                                          603,413           576,396
fuel inventory                                                                      39,728            50,738
materials and supplies - at average                                                299,881           294,421
cost deferred nuclear refueling outage                                                   65,711            22,535
costs prepaid taxes                                                                            -           110,104
prepayments and other                                                               34,035            41,687
total                                                                            1,078,675         1,309,731
other property and investments investment in affiliate preferred                                                1,390,587         1,390,587
membership interests decommissioning trust funds                                                      1,312,073         1,140,707
storm reserve escrow account                                                       284,759           291,485
non-utility property - at cost
(less                                                                              245,255           217,494
accumulated depreciation)
other                                                                               18,999            28,844
total                                                                            3,251,673         3,069,117
utility plant electric                                                                        19,678,536        18,827,532
natural gas                                                                        191,899           172,816
construction work in progress                                                    1,281,452           670,201
nuclear fuel                                                                       337,402           249,807
total utility plant                                                             21,489,289        19,920,356
less - accumulated depreciation and                                              8,703,047         8,420,596
amortization utility plant - net                                                             12,786,242        11,499,760
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes -                                                      -           470,480
net other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $71,367
as of                                                                            1,145,842         1,168,058
december 31, 2017 and $92,951 as of december 31, 2016)
deferred fuel costs                                                                168,122           168,122
other                                                                               18,310            16,003
total                                                                            1,332,274         1,822,663
total assets                                                                   $18,448,864       $17,701,271
see notes to financial statements.
352
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2017              2016
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                 $675,002          $200,198
short-term borrowings                                                               43,540             3,794
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                               126,685            82,106
other                                                                              404,374           358,741
customer deposits                                                                  150,623           148,601
taxes accrued                                                                       18,157                 -
interest accrued                                                                    75,528            75,598
deferred fuel costs                                                                 71,447            48,211
other                                                                               79,037            80,013
total                                                                            1,644,393           997,262
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                                              2,050,371         2,691,118
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                121,870           126,741
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -                                                                            725,368                 -
net other regulatory liabilities                                                       761,059           880,974
decommissioning                                                                  1,140,461         1,082,685
accumulated provisions                                                             302,448           310,772
pension and other postretirement                                                   748,384           780,278
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $77,736 as of december 31,                                              5,469,069         5,612,593
2017
and $99,217 as of december 31,
2016)
other                                                                              176,637           137,039
total                                                                           11,495,667        11,622,200
commitments and contingencies equity member's equity                                                                  5,355,204         5,130,251
accumulated other comprehensive                                                    (46,400  )        (48,442  )
loss total                                                                            5,308,804         5,081,809
total liabilities and equity                                                   $18,448,864       $17,701,271
see notes to financial statements.
353
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended december
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

common equity preferred                                accumulated membership       member's equity                other            total interests                              comprehensive income (loss)
-in thousands balance at december 31,                            $110,000            $4,316,210             ($79,223  )    $4,346,987
2014
net income                                     -               446,639                    -          446,639
other comprehensive                                  -                     -               22,811           22,811
income preferred stock                                   (110,000  )                  -                    -         (110,000  )
redemption non-cash contribution                                   -               267,826                    -          267,826
from parent distributions                                  -              (226,000  )                 -         (226,000  )
to parent distributions declared on preferred                                      -                (5,737  )                 -           (5,737  )
membership interests other                                          -                (5,214  )                 -           (5,214  )
balance at december 31,                                  $-            $4,793,724             ($56,412  )    $4,737,312
2015
net income                                     -               622,047                    -          622,047
other comprehensive                                  -                     -                7,970            7,970
income distributions                                  -              (285,500  )                 -         (285,500  )
to parent other                                          -                   (20  )                 -              (20  )
balance at december 31,                                  $-            $5,130,251             ($48,442  )    $5,081,809
2016
net income                                     -               316,347                    -          316,347
other comprehensive                                  -                     -                2,042            2,042
income distributions declared on                                    -               (91,250  )                 -          (91,250  )
common equity other                                          -                  (144  )                 -             (144  )
balance at december 31,                                  $-            $5,355,204             ($46,400  )    $5,308,804
2017
see notes to financial statements.
354
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2017           2016           2015           2014           2013
-in thousands operating                                $4,300,550     $4,177,048     $4,417,146     $4,740,504     $4,399,511
revenues net income                                 $316,347       $622,047       $446,639       $446,022       $414,126
total assets                            $18,448,864    $17,701,271    $16,387,447    $16,423,825    $15,275,863
long-term                                $5,469,069     $5,612,593     $4,806,790     $4,882,813     $4,383,273
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
2017           2016           2015           2014           2013
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                  $1,198         $1,196         $1,292         $1,358         $1,304
commercial                                      956            930            989          1,044          1,003
industrial                                    1,534          1,350          1,420          1,569          1,457
governmental                                     69             67             67             70             68
total retail                                  3,757          3,543          3,768          4,041          3,832
sales for resale:
associated                                      278            368            406            427            320
companies non-associated                                   64             50             36             80             48
companies other                                           147            165            152            121            140
total                                        $4,246         $4,126         $4,362         $4,669         $4,340
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                  13,357         13,810         14,399         14,415         14,026
commercial                                   11,342         11,478         11,700         11,555         11,402
industrial                                   29,754         28,517         27,713         27,025         25,734
governmental                                    790            794            756            732            723
total retail                                 55,243         54,599         54,568         53,727         51,885
sales for resale:
associated                                    4,793          7,345          7,500          6,240          5,168
companies non-associated                                1,711          1,690            770          1,051            979
companies total                                        61,747         63,634         62,838         61,018         58,032
355
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
2017 compared to 2016
net income increased $0.8 million primarily due to higher other income, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, and lower interest expense, substantially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses and a higher effective income tax rate.
2016 compared to 2015
net income increased $16.5 million primarily due to lower other operation and maintenance expenses, higher net revenues, and a lower effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses.
net revenue
2017 compared to 2016
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
amount
-in millions
2016 net revenue               $705.4
volume/weather                  (18.2  )
retail electric price            13.5
other                             2.4
2017 net revenue               $703.1
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a $19.4 million net annual increase in rates, effective with the first billing cycle of july 2016, and an increase in the energy efficiency rider, effective with the first billing cycle of february 2017, each as approved by the mpsc. the increase was partially offset by decreased storm damage rider revenues due to resetting the storm damage provision to zero beginning with the november 2016 billing cycle. entergy mississippi resumed billing the storm damage rider effective with the september 2017 billing cycle.
see note 2 to the financial statements for more discussion of the formula rate plan and the storm damage rider.
356
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
2016 compared to 2015
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2016 to 2015.
amount
-in millions
2015 net revenue               $696.3
retail electric price            12.9
volume/weather                    4.7
net wholesale revenue            (2.4  )
reserve equalization             (2.8  )
other                            (3.3  )
2016 net revenue               $705.4
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a $19.4 million net annual increase in revenues, as approved by the mpsc, effective with the first billing cycle of july 2016, and an increase in revenues collected through the storm damage rider. see note 2 to the financial statements for more discussion of the formula rate plan and the storm damage rider.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 153 gwh, or 1%, in billed electricity usage, including an increase in industrial usage, partially offset by the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales. the increase in industrial usage is primarily due to expansion projects in the pulp and paper industry, increased demand for existing customers, primarily in the metals industry, and new customers in the wood products industry.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to entergy mississippi's exit from the system agreement in november 2015.
the reserve equalization revenue variance is primarily due to the absence of reserve equalization revenue as compared to the same period in 2015 resulting from entergy mississippi's exit from the system agreement in november
2015.
other income statement variances
2017 compared to 2016
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $12 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to lower long-term service
  agreement costs and a lower scope of work done during plant outages in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016; and
  a decrease of $3.6 million in storm damage provisions.  see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion on storm cost recovery.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $4.8 million in energy efficiency costs and an increase of $2.7
million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to the prior year.
357
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other income increased primarily due to interest income recorded in connection with the opportunity sales proceeding, interest income recorded on the deferred fuel balance, and an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2017 as compared to 2016. see note 2
to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding.
interest expense decreased primarily due to the refinancing at lower interest rates of certain first mortgage bonds in 2016 and the retirement, at maturity, of $125 million of 3.25% series first mortgage bonds in june 2016. see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
2016 compared to 2015
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
  a decrease of $9.4 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work done during plant outages in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015;
a decrease of $6.1 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in net periodic pension and other postretirement benefits costs as a result of an increase in the discount rate used to value the benefit liabilities and a refinement in the approach used to estimate the service cost and
  interest cost components of pension and other postretirement costs.  see "management's financial discussion and analysis-critical accounting estimates- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit costs;
  a decrease of $2 million due to lower write-offs of uncollectible customer accounts in 2016;
  a decrease of $2 million in energy efficiency costs; and
  several individually insignificant items.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $7.1 million in storm damage provisions and an increase of $6
million in distribution expenses primarily due to higher vegetation maintenance. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of storm cost recovery.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were 40.2% , 36.9%, and 40.0%, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
income tax legislation see the "
income tax legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses proceedings commenced or other responses by entergy's regulators to the act.
358
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 were as follows:
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning            $76,834       $145,605        $61,633
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              226,585        212,280        372,279
investing activities                             (417,226  )    (289,444  )    (245,127  )
financing activities                              119,903          8,393        (43,180  )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          (70,738  )     (68,771  )      83,972
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                $6,096        $76,834       $145,605
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $14.3 million in 2017 primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2017 as compared to 2016 and an increase of $12.6 million in income tax refunds in 2017 as compared to 2016. entergy mississippi had income tax refunds in 2017 and 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the 2017 income tax refunds were primarily due to the utilization of entergy mississippi's federal net operating losses and state income tax refunds resulting from the carryback of net operating losses. the increase was partially offset by the timing of payments to vendors.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $160 million in 2016 primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 and $15.3 million in insurance proceeds received in 2015 related to the unplanned outage event that occurred at the baxter wilson (unit
1) power plant in september 2013. the decrease was partially offset by income tax refunds of $12.5 million in 2016
compared to income tax payments of $61.3 million in 2015. entergy mississippi had income tax refunds in 2016 and income tax payments in 2015 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the 2016 income tax refunds resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit whereas the income tax payments in 2015 were primarily due to the results of operations and the reversal of taxable temporary differences as well as final settlement of amounts outstanding associated with the 2006-2007 irs audit. see note 3
to the financial statements for a discussion of the income tax audits.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $127.8 million in 2017 primarily due to:
  an increase of $48.4 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016;
  an increase of $39.2 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016; and an increase of $30.2 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to an increase in storm
  spending in 2017 as compared to 2016 and increased spending on digital technology improvements within the customer contact centers.
359
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis net cash flow used in investing activities increased $44.3 million in 2016 primarily due to:
  an increase of $72.4 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2016 as compared to 2015;
  insurance proceeds of $12.9 million received in 2015 related to the unplanned outage event that occurred at the baxter wilson (unit 1) power plant in september 2013;
  an increase of $11.4 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of non-storm related work performed in 2016 as compared to 2015; and
  an increase of $10.1 million due to various information technology projects and upgrades.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $20.1 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a decreased scope of work performed during plant outages in 2016 as compared to 2015
and money pool activity.
decreases in entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool decreased by $15.3 million in 2016 compared to increasing by $25.3
million in 2015. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $111.5 million in 2017 primarily due to the issuance of
$150 million of 3.25% series first mortgage bonds in november 2017 and the redemption of $30 million of 6.25%
series preferred stock in 2016, partially offset by the net issuance of $61.4 million of long-term debt in 2016.
entergy mississippi's financing activities provided $8.4 million of cash in 2016 compared to using $43.2 million in
2015 primarily due to the net issuance of $61.4 million of long-term debt in 2016 and a decrease of $16 million in common stock dividends paid in 2016, partially offset by the redemption of $30 million of 6.25% series preferred stock. the decrease in dividends paid was primarily because of lower operating cash flows and higher capital expenditures, each discussed above.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.
capital structure entergy mississippi's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for entergy mississippi is primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt in
2017.
december 31,2017          december 31,2016
debt to capital             51.5  %                   50.2  %
effect of subtracting cash  (0.2  %)                  (1.8  %)
net debt to net capital     51.3  %                   48.4  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.
entergy mississippi uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition. entergy mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors
360
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy mississippi's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy mississippi seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy mississippi may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing dividends, entergy mississippi may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy mississippi requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt and preferred stock maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  dividend and interest payments.
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's planned construction and other capital investments.
2018    2019    2020
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                   $55     $45    $260
transmission                                 145     100     105
distribution                                 125     140     130
utility support                               70      50      35
total                                       $395    $335    $530
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's existing debt obligations and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2018    2019-2020    2021-2022    after 2022     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                   $50         $234          $80        $1,784    $2,148
operating leases                     $12          $19          $12            $6       $49
purchase obligations (b)            $280         $519         $490        $5,304    $6,593
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy mississippi, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy mississippi currently expects to contribute approximately $14.9 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $110 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018 see "
critical accounting estimates
361
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy mississippi includes amounts associated with specific investments such as transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including investment to support advanced metering; resource planning, including potential generation projects; system improvements; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary, entergy mississippi dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly. provisions in entergy mississippi's articles of incorporation relating to preferred stock restrict the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock.
advanced metering infrastructure (ami)
in november 2016, entergy mississippi filed an application seeking an order from the mpsc granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity and finding that entergy mississippi's deployment of ami is in the public interest. entergy mississippi proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; to design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and to implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy mississippi's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $132 million . the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy mississippi provided a cost benefit analysis showing that its ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal benefit to customers of $496 million over a 15-year period, which when netted against the costs of ami results in $183 million of net customer benefits. entergy mississippi also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $56 million at december 31, 2015, of existing meters that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy mississippi proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019, subject to approval by the mpsc, with deployment of the communications network expected to begin in 2018. entergy mississippi proposed to include the ami deployment costs and the quantified benefits in existing rate mechanisms, primarily through future formula rate plan filings and/or future energy cost recovery rider schedule re-determinations, as applicable. in may 2017 the mississippi public utilities staff and entergy mississippi entered into and filed a joint stipulation supporting entergy mississippi's filing, and the mpsc issued an order approving the filing without material changes, finding that entergy mississippi's deployment of ami is in the public interest and granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity. the mpsc order also confirmed that entergy mississippi shall continue to include in rate base the remaining book value of existing meters that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates.
sources of capital entergy mississippi's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred stock issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
362
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis entergy mississippi may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy mississippi require prior regulatory approval.
preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its corporate charter, bond indenture, and other agreements. entergy mississippi has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy mississippi's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2017                      2016       2015    2014
-in thousands
$1,633                 $10,595    $25,930    $644
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy mississippi has four separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $102.5 million scheduled to expire may 2018. no borrowings were outstanding under the credit facilities as of december 31, 2017 . in addition, entergy mississippi is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2017 , a $15.3 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy mississippi's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy mississippi obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2019 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $175 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and security issuances.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy mississippi's short-term borrowing limits.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy mississippi charges for electricity significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy mississippi is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the mpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
formula rate plan in march 2016, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2016 test year filing showing entergy mississippi's projected earned return for the 2016 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the filing showed a $32.6 million rate increase was necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of 9.96% , within the formula rate plan bandwidth. in june 2016 the mpsc approved entergy mississippi's joint stipulation with the mississippi public utilities staff. the joint stipulation provided for a total revenue increase of $23.7 million . the revenue increase includes a $19.4 million increase through the formula rate plan, resulting in a return on common equity point of adjustment of 10.07% . the revenue increase also includes $4.3 million in incremental ad valorem tax expenses to be collected through an updated ad valorem tax adjustment rider. the revenue increase and ad valorem tax adjustment rider were effective with the july 2016 bills.
in march 2017, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2017 test year filing and 2016 look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2016 calendar year and projected earned return for the 2017 calendar year to be within the formula rate plan bandwidth, resulting in no change in rates. in june 2017, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a stipulation that confirmed that entergy
363
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis mississippi's earned returns for both the 2016 look-back filing and 2017 test year were within the respective formula rate plan bandwidths. in june 2017 the mpsc approved the stipulation, which resulted in no change in rates.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy mississippi's rate schedules include an energy cost recovery rider that is adjusted annually to reflect accumulated over- or under-recoveries. entergy mississippi's fuel cost recoveries are subject to annual audits conducted pursuant to the authority of the mpsc.
entergy mississippi had a deferred fuel over-recovery balance of $58.3 million as of may 31, 2015, along with an under-recovery balance of $12.3 million under the power management rider. pursuant to those tariffs, in july 2015, entergy mississippi filed for interim adjustments under both the energy cost recovery rider and the power management rider to flow through to customers the approximately $46 million net over-recovery over a six-month period. in august 2015, the mpsc approved the interim adjustments effective with september 2015 bills. in november
2015, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included a projected over-recovery balance of $48 million projected through january 31, 2016. in january 2016 the mpsc approved the redetermined annual factor effective february 1, 2016. the mpsc further ordered, however, that due to the significant change in natural gas price forecasts since entergy mississippi's filing in november 2015 entergy mississippi should file a revised fuel factor with the mpsc no later than february 1, 2016. pursuant to that order, entergy mississippi submitted a revised fuel factor. additionally, because entergy mississippi's projected over-recovery balance for the period ending january
31, 2016 was $68 million , in february 2016, entergy mississippi filed for another interim adjustment to the energy cost factor effective april 2016 to flow through to customers the projected over-recovery balance over a six-month period. that interim adjustment was approved by the mpsc in february 2016 effective for april 2016 bills.
in november 2016, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an over-recovery of less than $2 million as of september 30, 2016. in january 2017 the mpsc approved the annual factor effective with february 2017 bills.
also in january 2017 the mpsc certified to the mississippi legislature the audit reports of its independent auditors for the fuel year ending september 30, 2016. in its order, the mpsc expressly reserved the right to review and determine the recoverability of any and all purchased power expenditures made during fiscal year 2016. the mpsc hired independent auditors to conduct an annual operations audit and a financial audit. the independent auditors issued their audit reports in december 2017. the audit reports included several recommendations for action by entergy mississippi but did not recommend any cost disallowances. in january 2018 the mpsc certified the audit reports to the mississippi legislature. in november 2017 the public utilities staff separately engaged a consultant to review the outage at the grand gulf nuclear station that began in 2016. the review is currently in progress.
in november 2017, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an under-recovery of approximately $61.5
million as of september 30, 2017. entergy mississippi proposed a two-tiered energy cost factor designed to promote overall rate stability throughout 2018 particularly during the summer months. in january 2018 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factors effective for february 2018 bills.
mississippi attorney general complaint the mississippi attorney general filed a complaint in state court in december 2008 against entergy corporation, entergy mississippi, entergy services, and entergy power alleging, among other things, violations of mississippi statutes, fraud, and breach of good faith and fair dealing, and requesting an accounting and restitution. the complaint is wide ranging and relates to tariffs and procedures under which entergy mississippi purchases power not generated in mississippi to meet electricity demand. entergy believes the complaint is unfounded. in december 2008
the defendant entergy companies removed the attorney general's lawsuit to u.s. district court in jackson, mississippi. the mississippi attorney general moved to remand the matter to state court. in august 2012 the district
364
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis court issued an opinion denying the attorney general's motion for remand, finding that the district court has subject matter jurisdiction under the class action fairness act.
the defendant entergy companies answered the complaint and filed a counterclaim for relief based upon the mississippi public utilities act and the federal power act. in may 2009 the defendant entergy companies filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings asserting grounds of federal preemption, the exclusive jurisdiction of the mpsc, and factual errors in the attorney general's complaint. in september 2012 the district court heard oral argument on entergy's motion for judgment on the pleadings.
in january 2014 the u.s. supreme court issued a decision in which it held that cases brought by attorneys general as the sole plaintiff to enforce state laws were not considered "mass actions" under the class action fairness act, so as to establish federal subject matter jurisdiction. one day later the attorney general renewed his motion to remand the entergy case back to state court, citing the u.s. supreme court's decision. the defendant entergy companies responded to that motion reiterating the additional grounds asserted for federal question jurisdiction, and the district court held oral argument on the renewed motion to remand in february 2014. in april 2015 the district court entered an order denying the renewed motion to remand, holding that the district court has federal question subject matter jurisdiction. the attorney general appealed to the u.s. fifth circuit court of appeals the denial of the motion to remand. in july 2015 the fifth circuit issued an order denying the appeal, and the attorney general subsequently filed a petition for rehearing of the request for interlocutory appeal, which was also denied.
in december 2015 the district court ordered that the parties submit to the court undisputed and disputed facts that are material to the entergy defendants' motion for judgment on the pleadings, as well as supplemental briefs regarding the same. those filings were made in january 2016.
in september 2016 the attorney general filed a mandamus petition with the u.s. fifth circuit court of appeals in which the attorney general asked the fifth circuit to order the chief judge to reassign this case to another judge.
in september 2016 the district court denied the entergy companies' motion for judgment on the pleadings. the entergy companies filed a motion seeking to amend the district court's order denying the entergy companies' motion for judgment on the pleadings and allowing an interlocutory appeal. in october 2016 the fifth circuit granted the attorney general's motion for writ of mandamus and directed the chief judge to assign the case to a new judge. the case was reassigned in october 2016. in january 2017 the district court denied the entergy companies' motion to amend the order denying the motion for judgment on the pleadings. in june 2017 the district court issued a case management order setting a trial date in november 2018. discovery is currently in progress.
storm damage provision entergy mississippi has approval from the mpsc to collect a storm damage provision of $1.75 million per month. if entergy mississippi's accumulated storm damage provision balance exceeds $15 million , the collection of the storm damage provision ceases until such time that the accumulated storm damage provision becomes less than $10 million .
as of april 30, 2016, entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance was less than $10 million , therefore entergy mississippi resumed billing the monthly storm damage provision effective with june 2016 bills. as of september 30, 2016, however, entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance again exceeded $15 million .
accordingly the storm damage provision was reset to zero beginning with november 2016 bills. as of july 31, 2017, the balance in entergy mississippi's accumulated storm damage provision was again less than $10 million, therefore entergy mississippi resumed billing the monthly storm damage provision effective with september 2017 bills.
federal regulation see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
365
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis nuclear matters see the "
nuclear matters
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
environmental risks entergy mississippi's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy mississippi is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business

environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy mississippi's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy mississippi's financial position or results of operations.
utility regulatory accounting see "
utility regulatory accounting
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
unbilled revenue see "
unbilled revenue
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the unbilled revenue amounts.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see "
taxation and uncertain tax positions
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy mississippi's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the "
qualified
366
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018 qualified      impact on 2017 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $874                       $13,479
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $867                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $381                        $1,848
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018       impact on 2017 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                          $184                           $2,561
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $296                           $2,024
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy mississippi in 2017 was $8.5 million. entergy mississippi anticipates 2018
qualified pension cost to be $10.8 million. in 2016, entergy mississippi refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of qualified pension costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified pension costs by $3.8 million. entergy mississippi contributed $19.1 million to its qualified pension plans in 2017
and estimates 2018 pension contributions will be approximately $14.9 million, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy mississippi in 2017 was $1 million.
entergy mississippi expects 2018 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $1.5
million. in 2016, entergy mississippi refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of other postretirement costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified other postretirement costs by
$770 thousand. in 2017, entergy mississippi's contributions (that is, contributions to the external trusts plus claims payments) were offset by trust claims reimbursements, resulting in a net reimbursement of $2 thousand.
entergy mississippi estimates that 2018 contributions will be approximately $110 thousand.
367
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
other contingencies see "
other contingencies
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
368
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy mississippi, inc.
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of entergy mississippi, inc. (the "company") as of december 31,
2017 and 2016, the related statements of income, cash flows and changes in common equity (pages 370 through 374 and applicable items in pages 55 through 230), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2017
and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
369
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
income statements for the years ended december 31,
2017             2016             2015
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,198,229       $1,094,649       $1,396,985
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  185,816           95,090          291,666
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    328,463          297,902          389,950
other operation and                                                243,480          250,443          261,255
maintenance taxes other than                                                    95,051           94,482           94,152
income taxes depreciation and                                                   143,479          136,214          129,029
amortization other regulatory charges (credits) -                                                (19,134  )        (3,721  )        19,027
net total                                                              977,155          870,410        1,185,079
operating income                                                   221,074          224,239          211,906
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                    9,667            5,801            3,095
construction interest and                                                            85              656              195
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                    510           (3,531  )        (4,418  )
total                                                               10,262            2,926           (1,128  )
interest expense interest expense                                                    51,260           57,114           57,842
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                   (3,875  )        (2,987  )        (1,644  )
construction total                                                               47,385           54,127           56,198
income before income                                               183,951          173,038          154,580
taxes income taxes                                                        73,919           63,854           61,872
net income                                                         110,032          109,184           92,708
preferred dividend requirements and                                                       953            2,443            2,828
other earnings applicable to                                            $109,079         $106,741          $89,880
common stock see notes to financial statements.
370
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $110,032       $109,184        $92,708
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and                                                       143,479        136,214        129,029
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                            84,816         60,986         18,673
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                            (29,528  )     (28,819  )      50,199
fuel inventory                                                           5,266            401         (8,537  )
accounts payable                                                         3,595         33,733        (26,682  )
taxes accrued                                                           18,803         20,579        (10,104  )
interest accrued                                                         1,248            822         (2,341  )
deferred fuel costs                                                    (25,487  )    (114,711  )     105,560
other working capital                                                    5,115         (5,222  )        (663  )
accounts provisions for                                                          (9,676  )       6,378         (2,080  )
estimated losses other regulatory assets                                                (17,412  )      (3,626  )      39,582
other regulatory                                                       405,395         (2,986  )       9,172
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                  (452,429  )           -              -
regulatory liability/asset pension and other postretirement                                                          (8,055  )     (10,648  )     (14,939  )
liabilities other assets and                                                        (8,577  )       9,995         (7,298  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           226,585        212,280        372,279
activities investing activities construction                                                          (427,616  )    (310,356  )    (235,894  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                        9,667          5,801          3,095
construction insurance proceeds                                                           -              -         12,932
changes in money pool                                                    8,962         15,335        (25,286  )
receivable - net payment for purchase of                                                 (6,958  )           -              -
assets other                                                                   (1,281  )        (224  )          26
net cash flow used in investing                                                             (417,226  )    (289,444  )    (245,127  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  148,185        623,812              -
debt retirement of long-term                                                      -       (562,400  )           -
debt redemption of preferred                                                      -        (30,000  )           -
stock dividends paid:
common stock                                                           (26,000  )     (24,000  )     (40,000  )
preferred stock                                                           (953  )      (2,755  )      (2,828  )
other                                                                   (1,329  )       3,736           (352  )
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                                           119,903          8,393        (43,180  )
financing activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                       (70,738  )     (68,771  )      83,972
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                          76,834        145,605         61,633
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                   $6,096        $76,834       $145,605
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $47,631        $53,693        $57,576
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($25,043  )    ($12,487  )     $61,333
see notes to financial statements.
371
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
balance sheets assets december 31,
2017             2016
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                          $1,607              $16
temporary cash investments                                                     4,489           76,818
total cash and cash equivalents                                                6,096           76,834
accounts receivable:
customer                                                                      72,039           51,218
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                 (574  )          (549  )
associated companies                                                          45,081           45,973
other                                                                          9,738           12,006
accrued unbilled revenues                                                     54,256           51,327
total accounts receivable                                                    180,540          159,975
deferred fuel costs                                                           32,444            6,957
fuel inventory - at average cost                                              45,606           50,872
materials and supplies - at average cost                                      42,571           41,146
prepayments and other                                                          7,041            8,873
total                                                                        314,298          344,657
other property and investments non-utility property - at cost (less                                           4,592            4,608
accumulated depreciation)
escrow accounts                                                               31,969           31,783
total                                                                         36,561           36,391
utility plant electric                                                                   4,660,297        4,321,214
property under capital lease                                                     125            1,590
construction work in progress                                                149,367          118,182
total utility plant                                                        4,809,789        4,440,986
less - accumulated depreciation and                                        1,681,306        1,602,711
amortization utility plant - net                                                        3,128,483        2,838,275
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes - net                                            -           38,284
other regulatory assets                                                      397,909          342,213
other                                                                          2,124            2,320
total                                                                        400,033          382,817
total assets                                                              $3,879,375       $3,602,140
see notes to financial statements.
372
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2017          2016
-in thousands current liabilities accounts payable:
associated companies                                                         $55,689       $43,647
other                                                                         77,326        80,227
customer deposits                                                             83,654        84,112
taxes accrued                                                                 82,843        64,040
interest accrued                                                              22,901        21,653
other                                                                         12,785         9,554
total                                                                        335,198       303,233
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                        488,806       861,331
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                            8,867         8,667
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -                                      411,011             -
net asset retirement cost liabilities                                              9,219         8,722
accumulated provisions                                                        44,764        54,440
pension and other postretirement                                             101,498       109,551
liabilities long-term debt                                                             1,270,122     1,120,916
other                                                                         11,639        20,108
total                                                                      2,345,926     2,183,735
commitments and contingencies preferred stock without sinking fund                                          20,381        20,381
common equity common stock, no par value, authorized
12,000,000 shares; issued and                                                199,326       199,326
outstanding 8,666,357 shares in 2017 and
2016
capital stock expense and other                                                  167           167
retained earnings                                                            978,377       895,298
total                                                                      1,177,870     1,094,791
total liabilities and equity                                              $3,879,375    $3,602,140
see notes to financial statements.
373
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

common equity capital stock               retained common stock         expense and               earnings            total other
-in thousands balance at december 31,                            $199,326               ($690  )            $763,534         $962,170
2014
net income                                     -                   -                 92,708           92,708
common stock                                   -                   -                (40,000  )       (40,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                -                   -                 (2,828  )        (2,828  )
dividends balance at december 31,                            $199,326               ($690  )            $813,414       $1,012,050
2015
net income                                     -                   -                109,184          109,184
common stock                                   -                   -                (24,000  )       (24,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                -                   -                 (2,443  )        (2,443  )
dividends preferred stock                                -                 857                   (857  )             -
redemption balance at december 31,                            $199,326                $167               $895,298       $1,094,791
2016
net income                                     -                   -                110,032          110,032
common stock                                   -                   -                (26,000  )       (26,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                -                   -                   (953  )          (953  )
dividends balance at december 31,                            $199,326                $167               $978,377       $1,177,870
2017
see notes to financial statements.
374
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
selected financial data - five-year comparison
2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
-in thousands operating                                    $1,198,229    $1,094,649    $1,396,985    $1,524,193    $1,334,540
revenues net income                                     $110,032      $109,184       $92,708       $74,821       $82,159
total assets                                 $3,879,375    $3,602,140    $3,477,407    $3,358,625    $3,234,875
long-term                                    $1,290,503    $1,141,924      $972,058    $1,097,182    $1,092,786
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt), non-current capital lease obligations, and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $502          $459          $565          $585          $527
commercial                                          423           374           465           481           432
industrial                                          159           134           164           175           156
governmental                                         41            38            47            47            42
total retail                                      1,125         1,005         1,241         1,288         1,157
sales for resale:
associated                                            -             1            75           153            92
companies non-associated                                       18            30            10            14            24
companies other                                                55            59            71            69            62
total                                            $1,198        $1,095        $1,397        $1,524        $1,335
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       5,308         5,617         5,661         5,672         5,629
commercial                                        4,783         4,894         4,913         4,821         4,815
industrial                                        2,536         2,493         2,283         2,297         2,265
governmental                                        421           439           433           414           409
total retail                                     13,048        13,443        13,290        13,204        13,118
sales for resale:
associated                                            -             -         1,419         2,657         1,543
companies non-associated                                      857         1,021           261           193           304
companies total                                            13,905        14,464        14,970        16,054        14,965
375
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management
'
s financial discussion and analysis internal restructuring in july 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy new orleans, inc. to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company.
the restructuring was subject to regulatory review and approval by the city council and the ferc. in may 2017 the city council adopted a resolution approving the proposed internal restructuring pursuant to an agreement in principle with the city council advisors and certain intervenors. pursuant to the agreement in principle, entergy new orleans would credit retail customers $10 million in 2017, $1.4 million in the first quarter of the year after the transaction closes, and $117,500 each month in the second year after the transaction closes until such time as new base rates go into effect as a result of the anticipated 2018 base rate case. entergy new orleans began crediting retail customers in june 2017. in june 2017 the ferc approved the transaction and, pursuant to the agreement in principle, entergy new orleans will provide additional credits to retail customers of $5 million in each of the years 2018, 2019, and 2020.
in november 2017, pursuant to the agreement in principle, entergy new orleans undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
  entergy new orleans, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock at a price of approximately$21 million, which included a call premium of approximately$819,000, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends.
  entergy new orleans, inc. converted from a louisiana corporation to a texas corporation.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy new orleans, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy new orleans power, llc, a texas limited liability company
  (entergy new orleans power), and entergy new orleans power assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy new orleans, inc. in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.  entergy new orleans, inc.
remained in existence and held the membership interests in entergy new orleans power.
entergy new orleans, inc. contributed the membership interests in entergy new orleans power to an affiliate
  (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy new orleans power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2017, entergy new orleans, inc. changed its name to entergy utility group, inc., and entergy new orleans power then changed its name to entergy new orleans, llc. entergy new orleans, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and has assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy new orleans, inc. the restructuring was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control.
results of operations net income
2017 compared to 2016
net income decreased $4.3 million primarily due to higher taxes other than income taxes, lower net revenue, and a higher effective income tax rate, partially offset by lower other operation and maintenance expenses and higher other income.
376
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2016 compared to 2015
net income increased $3.9 million primarily due to higher net revenue, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher interest expense, and lower other income.
net revenue
2017 compared to 2016
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
amount
-in millions
2016 net revenue               $317.2
retail electric price            (6.4  )
volume/weather                   (4.3  )
other                             5.4
2017 net revenue               $311.9
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a net decrease in the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider. there was an increase in the rider primarily due to credits to customers as part of the entergy new orleans internal restructuring agreement in principle, effective with the first billing cycle of june 2017, partially offset by lower credits to customers in 2017 related to the retirement of michoud units 2 and
3. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the credits associated with entergy new orleans's internal restructuring and the michoud retirement.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales, partially offset by an increase in residential and commercial usage resulting from a 1% increase in the average number of residential and commercial electric customers.
2016 compared to 2015
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2016 to 2015.
amount
-in millions
2015 net revenue               $293.9
retail electric price            39.0
net gas revenue                  (2.5  )
volume/weather                   (5.1  )
other                            (8.1  )
2016 net revenue               $317.2
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider, as approved by the city council, effective with the first billing cycle of march 2016, primarily
377
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis related to the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station. see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase.
the net gas revenue variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 112 gwh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, partially offset by the effect of favorable weather on commercial sales and a 2% increase in the average number of electric customers.
other income statement variances
2017 compared to 2016
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $7.9 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to lower outage costs at power
  block 1 of the union power station in 2017 as compared to 2016, the deactivation of michoud units 2 and 3
effective may 2016, and asbestos loss provisions in 2016;
  a decrease of $4.5 million in other loss provisions; and
  a decrease of $2.8 million due to lower write-offs of uncollectible customer accounts.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  an increase of $4 million in distribution expenses primarily due to higher labor costs, including contract labor, and higher vegetation maintenance costs; and
  an increase of $1.3 million in energy efficiency costs.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes and higher local franchise taxes. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to higher assessments, including the assessment of arkansas ad valorem taxes on the union power station beginning in 2017. local franchise taxes increased primarily due to higher electric retail revenues in 2017 as compared to 2016.
other income increased primarily due to a decrease in charitable contributions made in 2017 as compared to 2016.
2016 compared to 2015
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $6.1 million due to lower transmission equalization expenses, as allocated under the system
  agreement as compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to the termination of the system agreement.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion on the system agreement termination;
  a decrease of $4.4 million due to the cessation of storm damage provisions in august 2015.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of storm cost recovery; and a decrease of $3.1 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in net periodic pension and other postretirement benefits costs as a result of an increase in the discount rate used to
  value the benefit liabilities and a refinement in the approach used to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of pension and other postretirement costs.  see "critical accounting estimates"
below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit costs.
378
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the decrease was partially offset by:
an increase of $5.7 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to an increase as a result of
  the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station in march 2016, partially offset by a decrease as a result of the deactivation of michoud units 2 and 3 effective may 2016.  see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase;
  an increase of $3.1 million in loss provisions; and
  an increase of $2.8 million due to higher write-offs of uncollectible customer accounts in 2016 as compared to 2015.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station in march 2016, partially offset by the retirement of michoud units 2 and 3 effective may 2016.
interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of $110 million of 5.50% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016 and the issuance of $98.7 million of storm cost recovery bonds in july 2015. see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.
other income decreased primarily due to an increase in charitable contributions made in 2016 as compared to 2015.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were 42.8%, 37.0% and 35.9%, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
income tax legislation see the "
income tax legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses proceedings commenced or other responses by entergy's regulators to the act.
379
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were as follows:
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning           $103,068        $88,876        $42,389
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              127,797        205,211        105,068
investing activities                             (109,500  )    (322,681  )    (173,460  )
financing activities                              (88,624  )     131,662        114,879
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          (70,327  )      14,192         46,487
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $32,741       $103,068        $88,876
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $77.4 million in 2017 primarily due to a decrease of $77.3
million in income tax refunds in 2017 compared to 2016 and the timing of collections from customers and payments to vendors. entergy new orleans had income tax refunds in 2017 and 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the 2016 income tax refunds resulted primarily from deductible temporary differences. the decrease was partially offset by an increase due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $100.1 million in 2016 primarily due to income tax refunds of $86 million in 2016 as compared to income tax payments of $8.1 million in 2015. entergy new orleans had income tax refunds in 2016 and income tax payments in 2015 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the 2016 income tax refunds resulted primarily from deductible temporary differences.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $213.2 million in 2017 primarily due to the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station for approximately $237 million in march 2016. see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase. the decrease was partially offset by an increase of
$16.7 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017
as compared to 2016.
net cash flow used in investing activities increased $149.2 million in 2016 primarily due to the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station for approximately $237 million in march 2016. the increase was partially offset by a deposit of $63.9 million into the storm reserve escrow account in july 2015 and money pool activity. see note
14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase. see note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of the issuance in july 2015 of securitization bonds to recover storm costs.
decreases in entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool decreased $1.6 million in 2016 compared to increasing $15.4 million in
2015. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings
380
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis financing activities entergy new orleans's financing activities used $88.6 million of cash in 2017 compared to providing $131.7 million in 2016 primarily due to the following activity:
  the issuance of $110 million of 5.50% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016;
an increase of $55.5 million in common equity distributions in 2017 as compared to 2016.  common equity
  distributions in 2017 increased primarily as a result of entergy new orleans's cash position in excess of its working capital requirements.  there were no common equity distributions in first quarter 2016 in anticipation of the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station in march 2016;
a decrease of $27.8 million in capital contributions received from entergy corporation in 2017 compared to
  2016.  the 2017 contribution was made in consideration of entergy new orleans's upcoming capital requirements.  the 2016 contribution was made in anticipation of entergy new orleans's purchase of power block 1 of the union power station; and the redemptions of $7.8 million of 4.75% series preferred stock, $6 million of 5.56% series preferred stock,
  and $6 million of 4.36% series preferred stock in 2017 in connection with the internal restructuring, as discussed above.
see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase.
net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $16.8 million in 2016 primarily due to:
the purchase of entergy louisiana's algiers assets in september 2015.  the cash portion of the purchase is
  reflected as a repayment of a long-term payable due to entergy louisiana in the cash flow statement.   see note 2 to the financial statements and "algiers asset transfer" below for further discussion of the algiers asset transfer and accounting for the transaction;
  the issuance of $110 million of 5.50% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016; and the issuance of $85 million of 4% series first mortgage bonds in may 2016.  entergy new orleans used the
  proceeds to pay, prior to maturity, its $33.271 million of 5.6% series first mortgage bonds due september
2024 and to pay, prior to maturity, its $37.772 million of 5.65% series first mortgage bonds due september
2029.
the increase was offset by:
  the issuance of $98.7 million of storm costs recovery bonds in july 2015;
a $47.8 million capital contribution received from entergy corporation in 2016 as compared to an $87.5
  million capital contribution received from entergy corporation in 2015, both in anticipation of entergy new orleans's purchase of power block 1 of the union power station; and
  an increase of $11.5 million in common equity distributions in 2016.  common equity distributions were lower in 2015 in anticipation of the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station.
see note 5 to the financial statements for more details on long-term debt.
381
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis capital structure entergy new orleans's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt as shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the redemptions of preferred stock in 2017.
december 31, 2017          december 31, 2016

debt to capital                           51.3  %                    50.1  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds  (4.7  %)                   (5.2  %)
debt to capital, excluding                46.6  %                    44.9  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash                (2.4  %)                   (8.0  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding        44.2  %                    36.9  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a) calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy new orleans.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion, and the long-term payable to entergy louisiana. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy new orleans uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy new orleans, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy new orleans also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy new orleans's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy new orleans seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy new orleans may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing dividends, entergy new orleans may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy new orleans requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs;
  debt maturities or retirements; and
  distribution and interest payments.
382
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's planned construction and other capital investments.
2018    2019    2020
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $115     $80     $15
transmission                                  15      10       5
distribution                                  80      85      80
utility support                               20      15      15
total                                       $230    $190    $115
following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2018    2019-2020    2021-2022    after 2022     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                   $31          $87          $59          $674      $851
operating leases                      $2           $3           $1            $2        $8
purchase obligations (b)            $245         $480         $463        $3,669    $4,857
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy new orleans, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy new orleans currently expects to contribute approximately $7.3 million to its qualified pension plan and approximately $3.7 million to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy new orleans has $238.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy new orleans includes specific investments such as the new orleans power station discussed below; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including investment to support advanced metering; system improvements; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy new orleans pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
383
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis new orleans power station in june 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking a public interest determination and authorization to construct the new orleans power station, a 226 mw advanced combustion turbine in new orleans, louisiana, at the site of the existing michoud generating facility, which was retired effective may
31, 2016. in january 2017 several intervenors filed testimony opposing the construction of the new orleans power station on various grounds. in july 2017, entergy new orleans submitted a supplemental and amending application to the city council seeking approval to construct either the originally proposed 226 mw advanced combustion turbine, or alternatively, a 128 mw unit composed of natural gas-fired reciprocating engines and a related cost recovery plan. the application included an updated cost estimate of $232 million for the 226 mw advanced combustion turbine.
the cost estimate for the alternative 128 mw unit is $210 million. in addition, the application renewed the commitment to pursue up to 100 mw of renewable resources to serve new orleans. in testimony filed subsequent to entergy new orleans's supplemental and amending application, several intervenors oppose city council approval of either alternative, while the city council advisors and one intervenor support the smaller alternative. a contested hearing was held in december 2017 and post-hearing briefs were filed in january 2018. in february 2018 the city council utility committee adopted a resolution approving construction of the 128 mw unit. the full city council is expected to vote on the resolution in march 2018. the commercial operation date is dependent on the alternative selected by the city council and the receipt of other permits and approvals.
gas infrastructure rebuild plan in september 2016, entergy new orleans submitted to the city council a request for authorization for entergy new orleans to proceed with annual incremental capital funding of $12.5 million for its gas infrastructure rebuild plan, which would replace of all of entergy new orleans's low pressure cast iron, steel, and vintage plastic pipe over a ten-year period commencing in 2017. entergy new orleans also proposed that recovery of the investment to fund its gas infrastructure replacement plan be determined in connection with its next base rate case, which is anticipated to be filed in 2018. the city council has authorized entergy new orleans to proceed with its replacement plans at the requested pace until such time that rates resulting from the anticipated 2018 rate case are implemented (approximately 13 months after filing). as a result of the anticipated 2018 rate case, the city council may establish new overall gas base rates to allow entergy new orleans to continue to recover these replacement costs. the city council has established a schedule for proceedings in advance of the rate case intended to provide an opportunity for evaluation of the gas infrastructure replacement plan that would best serve the public interest and the effect on customers of the approval of any such plan.
advanced metering infrastructure (ami)
in october 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application seeking a finding from the city council that entergy new orleans's deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest. entergy new orleans proposed to deploy advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy new orleans's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $75 million . the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy new orleans provided a cost/benefit analysis showing that its combined electric and gas ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal net benefit to customers of $101 million. entergy new orleans also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $21 million at december 31, 2015, of the existing electric meters and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy new orleans proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019.
deployment of the information technology infrastructure began in 2017 and deployment of the communications network is expected to begin in 2018. entergy new orleans proposed to recover the cost of ami through the implementation of a customer charge, net of certain benefits, phased in over the period 2019 through 2022. the city council's advisors filed testimony in may 2017 recommending the adoption of ami subject to certain modifications, including the denial of entergy new orleans's proposed customer charge as a cost recovery mechanism. in january 2018 a settlement was reached between
384
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the city council's advisors and entergy new orleans. in february 2018 the city council approved the settlement, which deferred cost recovery to the 2018 entergy new orleans rate case, but also stated that an adjustment for
2018-2019 ami costs can be filed in the rate case and that, for all subsequent ami costs, the mechanism to be approved in the 2018 rate case will allow for the timely recovery of such costs.
sources of capital entergy new orleans's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt and preferred membership interest issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy new orleans may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
entergy new orleans's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2017                       2016       2015    2014
-in thousands
$12,723                 $14,215    $15,794    $442
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy new orleans has a credit facility in the amount of $25 million scheduled to expire in november 2018. the credit facility allows entergy new orleans to issue letters of credit against $10 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2017, there were no cash borrowings and a $0.8 million letter of credit was outstanding under the facility. in addition, entergy new orleans is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2017, a $1.4 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy new orleans's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy new orleans obtained authorization from the ferc through october 2019 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $150 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and securities issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy new orleans's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy new orleans are limited to amounts authorized not only by the ferc, but also by the city council, and the current city council authorization extends through june
2018.
state and local rate regulation the rates that entergy new orleans charges for electricity and natural gas significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy new orleans is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the city council, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
retail rates see "
algiers asset transfer
" below for discussion of the algiers asset transfer. as a provision of the settlement agreement approved by the city council in may 2015 providing for the algiers asset transfer, it was agreed that, with limited exceptions, no action may be taken with respect to entergy new orleans's base rates until rates are implemented
385
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis from a base rate case that must be filed for its electric and gas operations in 2018. this provision eliminated the formula rate plan applicable to algiers operations. the limited exceptions included continued implementation of the then-remaining two years of the four-year phased-in rate increase for the algiers area and certain exceptional cost increases or decreases in the base revenue requirement. an additional provision of the settlement agreement allowed for continued recovery of the revenue requirement associated with the capacity and energy from ninemile 6 received by entergy new orleans under a power purchase agreement with entergy louisiana (algiers ppa). the settlement authorized entergy new orleans to recover the remaining revenue requirement related to the algiers ppa through base rates charged to algiers customers. the settlement also provided for continued implementation of the algiers miso recovery rider.
in addition to the algiers ppa, entergy new orleans has a separate power purchase agreement with entergy louisiana for 20% of the capacity and energy from ninemile 6 (ninemile ppa), which commenced operation in december 2014.
initially, recovery of the non-fuel costs associated with the ninemile ppa was authorized through a special ninemile 6 rider billed only to entergy new orleans customers outside of algiers.
in august 2015, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to proceed with the purchase of union power block 1, with an expected base purchase price of approximately $237 million , subject to adjustments, and seeking approval of the recovery of the associated costs. in november 2015 the city council issued written resolutions and an order approving an agreement in principle between entergy new orleans and city council advisors providing that the purchase of union power block 1 and related assets by entergy new orleans is prudent and in the public interest. the city council authorized expansion of the terms of the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider to recover the non-fuel purchased power expense from ninemile 6, the revenue requirement associated with the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station, and a credit to customers of $400 thousand monthly beginning june 2016 in recognition of the decrease in other operation and maintenance expenses that would result with the deactivation of michoud units 2 and 3. in march 2016, entergy new orleans purchased power block 1 of the union power station for approximately $237 million and initiated recovery of these costs with march 2016 bills. in july 2016, entergy new orleans and the city council utility committee agreed to a temporary increase in the michoud credit to customers to a total of $1.4 million monthly for august 2016
through december 2016.
a 2008 rate case settlement included $3.1 million per year in electric rates to fund the energy smart energy efficiency programs. the rate settlement provided an incentive for entergy new orleans to meet or exceed energy savings targets set by the city council and provided a mechanism for entergy new orleans to recover lost contribution to fixed costs associated with the energy savings generated from the energy efficiency programs. in january 2015 the city council approved funding for the energy smart program from april 2015 through march 2017
using the remainder of the approximately $12.8 million of 2014 rough production cost equalization funds, with any remaining costs being recovered through the fuel adjustment clause. this funding methodology was modified in november 2015 when the city council directed entergy new orleans to use a combination of guaranteed customer savings related to a prior agreement with the city council and rough production cost equalization funds to cover program costs prior to recovering any costs through the fuel adjustment clause. in april 2017 the city council approved an implementation plan for the energy smart program from april 2017 through december 2019. the city council directed that the $11.8 million balance reported for energy smart funds be used to continue funding the program for entergy new orleans's legacy customers and that the energy smart algiers program continue to be funded through the algiers fuel adjustment clause, until additional customer funding is required for the legacy customers.
in september 2017, entergy new orleans filed a supplemental plan and proposed several options for an interim cost recovery mechanism necessary to recover program costs during the period between when existing funds directed to energy smart programs are depleted (estimated to be june 2018) and when new rates from the anticipated 2018
combined rate case, which will include a cost recovery mechanism for energy smart funding, take effect (estimated to be august 2019). entergy new orleans requested that the city council approve a cost recovery mechanism prior to june 2018. in december 2017 the city council approved an energy efficiency cost recovery rider as an interim funding mechanism for energy smart, subject to verification that no additional funding sources exist.
386
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy new orleans's electric rate schedules include a fuel adjustment tariff designed to reflect no more than targeted fuel and purchased power costs, adjusted by a surcharge or credit for deferred fuel expense arising from the monthly reconciliation of actual fuel and purchased power costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges.
entergy new orleans's gas rate schedules include a purchased gas adjustment to reflect estimated gas costs for the billing month, adjusted by a surcharge or credit similar to that included in the electric fuel adjustment clause, including carrying charges.
due to higher fuel costs associated in part with the extended grand gulf outage and the partially simultaneous union power block 1 planned outage, for the december 2016, january 2017, and february 2017 billing months, the city council authorized entergy new orleans to cap the fuel adjustment charge billed to customers at $0.035 per kwh and to defer billing of all fuel costs in excess of the capped amount by including such costs in the over- or under-
recovery account.
due to higher fuel costs for the operating month of january 2018 resulting in part from recent cold weather, higher henry hub prices, and an increase in total fuel and purchased power costs associated in part with certain plant outages, entergy new orleans has proposed to cap the fuel adjustment charge to be billed in march 2018 to non-
transmission entergy new orleans legacy customers and entergy new orleans algiers customers at $0.035323 per kwh and $0.025446 per kwh, respectively. entergy new orleans has also proposed to cap the fuel adjustment charge to be billed in march 2018 for entergy new orleans legacy transmission customers at $0.034609 per kwh and to defer billing of all fuel costs in excess of the capped amount by including such costs in the over- or under-recovery account.
algiers asset transfer in october 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake a transaction that would result in the transfer from entergy louisiana to entergy new orleans of certain assets that supported the provision of service to entergy louisiana's customers in algiers. in april 2015 the ferc issued an order approving the algiers assets transfer. in may 2015 the parties filed a settlement agreement authorizing the algiers assets transfer and the settlement agreement was approved by a city council resolution in may 2015. on september 1, 2015, entergy louisiana transferred its algiers assets to entergy new orleans for a purchase price of approximately $85 million . entergy new orleans paid entergy louisiana $59.6
million , including final true-ups, from available cash and issued a note payable to entergy louisiana in the amount of $25.5 million .
show cause order in july 2016 the city council approved the issuance of a show cause order, which directed entergy new orleans to make a filing on or before september 29, 2016 to demonstrate the reasonableness of its actions or positions with regard to certain issues in four existing dockets that relate to entergy new orleans's: (i) storm hardening proposal; (ii) 2015 integrated resource plan; (iii) gas infrastructure rebuild proposal; and (iv) proposed sizing of the new orleans power station and its community outreach prior to the filing. in september 2016, entergy new orleans filed its response to the city council's show cause order. the city council has not established any further procedural schedule with regard to this proceeding.
federal regulation see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
387
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis nuclear matters see the "
nuclear matters
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
environmental risks entergy new orleans's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy new orleans is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business

environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy new orleans's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy new orleans's financial position or results of operations.
utility regulatory accounting see "
utility regulatory accounting
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
unbilled revenue see "
unbilled revenue
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the unbilled revenue amounts.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see "
taxation and uncertain tax positions
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy new orleans's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the "
qualified
388
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018 qualified      impact on 2017 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $348                        $6,153
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $399                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $159                          $729
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018        impact on 2017 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption    postretirement benefit cost            postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                         ($12  )                         $1,406
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $54                            $1,074
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy new orleans in 2017 was $5.1 million. entergy new orleans anticipates 2018
qualified pension cost to be $5.8 million. in 2016, entergy new orleans refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of qualified pension costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified pension costs by $1.7 million. entergy new orleans contributed $9.9 million to its pension plans in 2017 and estimates 2018 pension contributions will be approximately $7.3 million, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy new orleans in 2017 was $2.5
million. entergy new orleans expects 2018 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $3.7 million. in 2016, entergy new orleans refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of other postretirement costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified other postretirement costs by $548 thousand. entergy new orleans contributed $3.7 million to its other postretirement plans in 2017 and estimates 2018 contributions will be approximately $3.7 million.
389
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
other contingencies see "
other contingencies
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
390
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the members and board of directors of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 392 through 396 and applicable items in pages 55 through 230), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
391
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $631,744       $586,820       $584,322
natural gas                                                             84,326         78,643         87,124
total                                                                  716,070        665,463        671,446
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                      111,082         40,489         96,307
purchased for resale purchased power                                                        282,178        299,551        277,851
other operation and                                                    109,270        117,471        119,087
maintenance taxes other than income                                                 54,590         48,078         46,660
taxes depreciation and                                                        52,945         51,737         43,205
amortization other regulatory                                                        10,889          8,258          3,366
charges - net total                                                                  620,954        565,584        586,476
operating income                                                        95,116         99,879         84,970
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                        2,418          1,178          1,404
construction interest and investment                                                    707            256             73
income miscellaneous - net                                                         24         (3,144  )         339
total                                                                    3,149         (1,710  )       1,816
interest expense interest expense                                                        21,281         21,061         17,312
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                         (847  )        (446  )        (641  )
construction total                                                                   20,434         20,615         16,671
income before income                                                    77,831         77,554         70,115
taxes income taxes                                                            33,278         28,705         25,190
net income                                                              44,553         48,849         44,925
preferred dividend requirements and                                                           841            965            965
other earnings applicable to                                                 $43,712        $47,884        $43,960
common equity see notes to financial statements.
392
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $44,553        $48,849        $44,925
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and                                                        52,945         51,737         43,205
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                            64,036        140,283         22,180
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                            (18,058  )      (3,888  )       7,878
fuel inventory                                                             (49  )          71          1,104
accounts payable                                                         1,874         15,434          2,738
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                (22,100  )      (1,685  )      (1,050  )
accrued interest accrued                                                            44            534          1,270
deferred fuel costs                                                     12,592        (33,839  )        (182  )
other working capital                                                   (2,711  )       4,165         (1,945  )
accounts provisions for                                                          (3,430  )       4,326         58,310
estimated losses other regulatory assets                                                 16,673         (2,784  )     (70,471  )
other regulatory                                                       110,147         (3,997  )      (7,359  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                  (111,170  )           -              -
regulatory liability/asset pension and other postretirement                                                         (15,994  )      (6,859  )     (18,831  )
liabilities other assets and                                                        (1,555  )      (7,136  )      23,296
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           127,797        205,211        105,068
activities investing activities construction                                                          (115,584  )     (90,512  )     (91,928  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                        2,418          1,178          1,404
construction payment for purchase of                                                      -       (237,335  )           -
plant investments in                                                               -            (38  )           -
affiliates changes in money pool                                                    1,492          1,579        (15,352  )
receivable - net payments to storm                                                         (597  )        (438  )     (68,886  )
reserve escrow account receipts from storm reserve escrow                                                           2,488              3          5,922
account changes in                                                                 283          2,882         (4,620  )
securitization account net cash flow used in investing                                                             (109,500  )    (322,681  )    (173,460  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                        -        240,604         95,367
debt retirement of long-term                                                (10,600  )    (132,526  )           -
debt repayment of long-term payable due to                                                          (2,104  )      (4,973  )     (59,610  )
entergy louisiana redemption of preferred                                                (20,599  )           -              -
stock capital contributions                                                   20,000         47,750         87,500
from parent distributions/dividends paid:
common equity                                                          (74,250  )     (18,720  )      (7,250  )
preferred stock                                                         (1,083  )        (965  )        (965  )
other                                                                       12            492           (163  )
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                                           (88,624  )     131,662        114,879
financing activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                       (70,327  )      14,192         46,487
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                         103,068         88,876         42,389
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $32,741       $103,068        $88,876
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $20,180        $19,317        $14,951
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           ($8,660  )    ($85,962  )      $8,110
see notes to financial statements.
393
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2017             2016
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents cash                                                                                    $30              $28
temporary cash investments                                                           32,711          103,040
total cash and cash equivalents                                                      32,741          103,068
securitization recovery trust                                                         1,455            1,738
account accounts receivable:
customer                                                                             51,006           43,536
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                      (3,057  )        (3,059  )
associated companies                                                                 22,976           16,811
other                                                                                 6,471            5,926
accrued unbilled revenues                                                            20,638           18,254
total accounts receivable                                                            98,034           81,468
deferred fuel costs                                                                       -            4,818
fuel inventory - at average cost                                                      1,890            1,841
materials and supplies - at average                                                  10,381            8,416
cost prepaid taxes                                                                        26,479            4,379
prepayments and other                                                                 8,030            6,587
total                                                                               179,010          212,315
other property and investments non-utility property at cost (less                                                    1,016            1,016
accumulated depreciation)
storm reserve escrow account                                                         79,546           81,437
other                                                                                 2,373            7,160
total                                                                                82,935           89,613
utility plant electric                                                                          1,302,235        1,258,934
natural gas                                                                         261,263          240,408
construction work in progress                                                        46,993           24,975
total utility plant                                                               1,610,491        1,524,317
less - accumulated depreciation and                                                 631,178          604,825
amortization utility plant - net                                                                 979,313          919,492
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
deferred fuel costs                                                                   4,080            4,080
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $72,095
as of                                                                               251,433          268,106
december 31, 2017 and $82,272 as of december 31, 2016)
other                                                                                 1,065              963
total                                                                               256,578          273,149
total assets                                                                     $1,497,836       $1,494,569
see notes to financial statements.
394
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2017          2016
-in thousands current liabilities payable due to entergy louisiana                                                           $2,077        $2,104
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                                       47,472        39,260
other                                                                                      29,777        35,920
customer deposits                                                                          28,442        28,667
interest accrued                                                                            5,487         5,443
deferred fuel costs                                                                         7,774             -
other                                                                                       7,351        11,415
total current liabilities                                                                 128,380       122,809
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                     283,302       334,953
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                         2,323           622
credits regulatory liability for income taxes
-                                                                                         119,259         9,074
net asset retirement cost liabilities                                                           3,076         2,875
accumulated provisions                                                                     85,083        88,513
pension and other postretirement                                                           20,755        36,750
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $74,419 as of december 31,                                                       418,447       428,467
2017
and $84,776 as of december 31, 2016)
long-term payable due to entergy                                                           16,346        18,423
louisiana other                                                                                       5,317         5,357
total non-current liabilities                                                             953,908       925,034
commitments and contingencies preferred stock without sinking fund                                                            -        19,780
equity member's equity                                                                           415,548       426,946
total                                                                                     415,548       426,946
total liabilities and equity                                                           $1,497,836    $1,494,569
see notes to financial statements.
395
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

member's equity
-in thousands balance at december 31, 2014                                                                        $228,025
net income                                                                                            44,925
net income attributable to entergy                                                                    (2,203  )
louisiana capital contributions from parent                                                                     87,500
common equity distributions                                                                           (7,250  )
preferred stock dividends                                                                               (965  )
balance at december 31, 2015                                                                        $350,032
net income                                                                                            48,849
capital contributions from parent                                                                     47,750
common equity distributions                                                                          (18,720  )
preferred stock dividends                                                                               (965  )
balance at december 31, 2016                                                                        $426,946
net income                                                                                            44,553
capital contributions from parent                                                                     20,000
common equity distributions                                                                          (74,250  )
preferred stock dividends                                                                               (841  )
other                                                                                                   (860  )
balance at december 31, 2017                                                                        $415,548
see notes to financial statements.
396
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
2017          2016          2015          2014        2013
-in thousands operating                                        $716,070      $665,463      $671,446      $735,192    $659,746
revenues net income                                        $44,553       $48,849       $44,925       $31,030     $12,608
total assets                                   $1,497,836    $1,494,569    $1,215,144    $1,014,916    $964,482
long-term                                        $434,793      $466,670      $357,687      $323,280    $318,034
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(including the long-term payable to entergy louisiana and excluding currently maturing debt) and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2017          2016          2015          2014        2013
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                          $250          $231          $220          $230        $221
commercial                                            228           206           186           196         194
industrial                                             36            33            30            33          35
governmental                                           77            69            64            67          69
total retail                                          591           539           500           526         519
sales for resale:
associated                                              -            30            66            78          27
companies non-associated                                         29             3             -             4           -
companies other                                                  12            15            18            17          19
total                                                $632          $587          $584          $625        $565
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                         2,155         2,231         2,301         2,262       2,152
commercial                                          2,248         2,268         2,257         2,181       2,130
industrial                                            429           441           463           455         484
governmental                                          790           794           825           783         778
total retail                                        5,622         5,734         5,846         5,681       5,544
sales for resale:
associated                                              -         1,071         1,644         1,379         517
companies non-associated                                      1,703           141            11            18          14
companies total                                               7,325         6,946         7,501         7,078       6,075
397
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
2017 compared to 2016
net income decreased $31.4 million primarily due to lower net revenue, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher other operation and maintenance expenses, and higher taxes other than income taxes.
2016 compared to 2015
net income increased $37.9 million primarily due to lower other operation and maintenance expenses, the asset write-off of its receivable associated with the spindletop gas storage facility in 2015, and higher net revenue.
net revenue
2017 compared to 2016
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
amount
-in millions
2016 net revenue                  $644.2
net wholesale revenue              (35.1  )
purchased power capacity            (5.9  )
transmission revenue                (5.4  )
reserve equalization                 5.6
retail electric price               19.0
other                                4.4
2017 net revenue                  $626.8
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower net capacity revenues resulting from the termination of the purchased power agreements between entergy louisiana and entergy texas in august 2016.
the purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to increased expenses due to capacity cost changes for ongoing purchased power capacity contracts.
the transmission revenue variance is primarily due to a decrease in the amount of transmission revenues allocated by miso.
the reserve equalization variance is due to the absence of reserve equalization expenses in 2017 as a result of entergy texas's exit from the system agreement in august 2016. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the system agreement.
398
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the implementation of the transmission cost recovery factor rider in september 2016 and an increase in the transmission cost recovery factor rider rate in march 2017, each as approved by the puct. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the transmission cost recovery factor rider filing.
2016 compared to 2015
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2016 to 2015.
amount
-in millions
2015 net revenue                  $637.2
reserve equalization                14.3
purchased power capacity            12.4
transmission revenue                 7.0
retail electric price                5.4
net wholesale revenue              (27.8  )
other                               (4.3  )
2016 net revenue                  $644.2
the reserve equalization variance is primarily due to a reduction in reserve equalization expense primarily due to changes in the entergy system generation mix compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of the execution of a new purchased power agreement and entergy mississippi's exit from the system agreement, each in november 2015, and entergy texas's exit from the system agreement in august 2016. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the system agreement.
the purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to decreased expenses due to the termination of the purchased power agreements between entergy louisiana and entergy texas in august 2016, as well as capacity cost changes for ongoing purchased power capacity contracts.
the transmission revenue variance is primarily due to an increase in attachment o rates charged by miso to transmission customers and a settlement of attachment o rates previously billed to transmission customers by miso.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the implementation of the transmission cost recovery factor rider, as approved by the puct and implemented in september 2016, and the increase in the distribution cost recovery rider, as approved by the puct and implemented in january 2016. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in energy efficiency revenues. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the transmission cost recovery factor rider and distribution cost recovery factor rider filings.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower capacity revenues resulting from the termination of the purchased power agreements between entergy louisiana and entergy texas in august 2016.
399
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other income statement variances
2017 compared to 2016
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
  an increase of $5.1 million in transmission and distribution expenses primarily due to higher vegetation maintenance costs;
  an increase of $4.3 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to a higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2017 as compared to 2016; and
  an increase of $2.8 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to 2016.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $4.5 million due to the absence of transmission equalization expenses, as allocated under the system agreement, as a result of entergy texas's exit from the system agreement in august 2016.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher assessments and a true-up to the sales and use tax accruals recorded in 2016 resulting from an audit settlement.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
2016 compared to 2015
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
  a decrease of $11.2 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to an overall lower scope of work performed in 2016 as compared to 2015;
a decrease of $7 million in transmission expenses primarily due to lower transmission equalization expenses,
  as allocated under the system agreement, as compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of entergy mississippi's exit from the system agreement in november 2015 and entergy texas's exit from the system agreement in august 2016;
a decrease of $5.7 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in net periodic pension and other postretirement benefits costs as a result of an increase in the discount rate used to
  value the benefit liabilities and a refinement in the approach used to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of pension and other postretirement costs. see "critical accounting estimates-
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit costs;
the write-off in the third quarter 2015 of $4.3 million of rate case expenses and acquisition costs related
  to the proposed union power station acquisition upon entergy texas's withdrawal of its 2015 rate case and dismissal of its certificate of convenience and necessity filing; and
  a decrease of $4.2 million in energy efficiency costs.
the asset write-off variance is due to the $23.5 million ($15.3 million net-of-tax) write-off recorded in 2015 of the receivable associated with the spindletop gas storage facility. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the write-off.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were 38.9%, 37.0%, and 34.9%, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
400
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis income tax legislation see the "
income tax legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses proceedings commenced or other responses by entergy's regulators to the act.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were as follows:
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning             $6,181         $2,182        $30,441
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              301,396        306,601        284,268
investing activities                             (383,176  )    (330,191  )    (315,293  )
financing activities                              191,112         27,589          2,766
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          109,332          3,999        (28,259  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $115,513         $6,181         $2,182
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $5.2 million in 2017 primarily due to lower net income, the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs, and an increase of $13.7 million in storm spending primarily as a result of hurricane harvey. the decrease was partially offset by income tax refunds of $21.1 million in 2017 compared to income tax payments of $28.5 million in 2016. entergy texas had income tax refunds in 2017 and income tax payments in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds in 2017 primarily resulted from deductible temporary differences. the income tax payments in 2016 resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit. see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the income tax audit.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $22.3 million in 2016 primarily due to increased net income and a decrease of $31.8 million in income tax payments in 2016. entergy texas had income tax payments in
2016 and 2015 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax payments in 2016
resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit. the income tax payments in 2015 resulted primarily from the results of operations and the reversal of taxable temporary differences. see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the income tax audit. the increase was partially offset by an increase of $5.2 million in interest paid in 2016 due to the issuance of $125 million of
2.55% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016 and the timing of collections from customers.
401
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $53 million in 2017 primarily due to:
  money pool activity;
an increase of $34.9 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to increased storm
  spending primarily as a result of hurricane harvey and spending on digital technology improvements within the customer contact centers;
  an increase of $24.4 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016; and
  an increase of $8.5 million in spending on advanced metering infrastructure.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $51.7 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016.
increases in entergy texas's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's receivable from the money pool increased by $44.2 million in 2017 compared to increasing by $0.7 million in 2016. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash flow used in investing activities increased $14.9 million in 2016 primarily due to increases of $27.7
million in transmission construction expenditures and $11.7 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a greater scope of projects in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. the increase was partially offset by a $21.4 million decrease in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a decreased scope of work performed during plant outages in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $163.5 million in 2017 primarily due to:
  a $115 million capital contribution received from entergy corporation in december 2017 in anticipation of upcoming construction expenditures;
  the issuance of $150 million of 2.55% series first mortgage bonds in december 2017 compared to the issuance of $125 million of 2.55% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016; and
  money pool activity.
decreases in entergy texas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's payable to the money pool decreased by $22.1 million in 2016.
net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $24.8 million in 2016 primarily due to the retirement of
$200 million of 3.6% series first mortgage bonds in june 2015 and the issuance of $125 million of 2.55% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016, partially offset by the issuance of $250 million of 5.15% series first mortgage bonds in may 2015 and money pool activity.
decreases in entergy texas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's payable to the money pool decreased by $22.1 million in 2016 compared to increasing by $22.1 million in 2015.
402
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis capital structure entergy texas's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. the decrease in the debt to capital ratio for entergy texas is primarily due to the capital contribution received from entergy corporation and an increase in retained earnings.
december 31,2017          december 31,2016
debt to capital                         55.7  %                   58.5  %
effect of excluding the securitization  (6.3  %)                  (8.3  %)
bonds debt to capital, excluding              49.4  %                   50.2  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash              (2.5  %)                  (0.1  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding      46.9  %                   50.1  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a)  calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy texas.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy texas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy texas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy texas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy texas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy texas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy texas may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, entergy texas may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure for certain circumstances such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reduced dividends.
uses of capital entergy texas requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  dividend and interest payments.
403
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy texas's planned construction and other capital investments.
2018    2019    2020
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $175    $385    $265
transmission                                 195     240     165
distribution                                 105     165     145
utility support                               55      30      30
total                                       $530    $820    $605
following are the amounts of entergy texas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2018    2019-2020    2021-2022    after 2022     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $159         $749         $385        $1,168    $2,461
operating leases (b)                  $4           $5           $2            $2       $13
purchase obligations (c)            $279         $555         $527        $1,188    $2,549
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  does not include power purchase agreements that are accounted for as leases that are included in purchase obligations.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(c)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy texas, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy texas expects to contribute approximately $10.9
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $3.2 million to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy texas has $15.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy texas includes specific investments such as the montgomery county power station, discussed below; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including investment to support advanced metering; system improvements; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt in note 5 to the financial statements.
as discussed above in "
capital structure ," entergy texas routinely evaluates its ability to pay dividends to entergy corporation from its earnings.
404
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis montgomery county power station in october 2016, entergy texas filed an application with the puct seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the montgomery county power station, a nominal 993 mw combined-cycle generating unit in montgomery county, texas on land adjacent to the existing lewis creek plant. the current estimated cost of the montgomery county power station is $937 million, including approximately $111 million of transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs. the independent monitor, who oversaw the request for proposal process, filed testimony and a report affirming that the montgomery county power station was selected through an objective and fair request for proposal process that showed no undue preference to any proposal. in june 2017 parties to the proceeding filed an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement. the stipulation contemplates that entergy texas's level of cost-recovery for generation construction costs for montgomery county power station is capped at $831 million, subject to certain exclusions such as force majeure events. transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs are not subject to the $831
million cap. in july 2017 the puct approved the stipulation. subject to the timely receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2021.
advanced metering infrastructure (ami)
in april 2017 the texas legislature enacted legislation that extends statutory support for ami deployment to entergy texas and directs that if entergy texas elects to deploy ami, it shall do so as rapidly as practicable. in july 2017, entergy texas filed an application seeking an order from the puct approving entergy texas's deployment of ami. entergy texas proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy texas's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $132 million. the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, with entergy texas showing that its ami deployment is expected to produce nominal net operational cost savings to customers of $33 million. entergy texas also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $41 million at december 31, 2016, of existing meters that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy texas proposed a seven-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019. entergy texas also proposed a surcharge tariff to recover the reasonable and necessary costs it has and will incur under the deployment plan for the full deployment of advanced meters. further, entergy texas sought approval of fees that would be charged to customers who choose to opt out of receiving service through an advanced meter and instead receive electric service with a non-standard meter. in october 2017, entergy texas and other parties entered into and filed an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement, permitting deployment of ami with limited modifications. the puct approved the stipulation and settlement agreement in december 2017.
consistent with the approval, deployment of the communications network is expected to begin in 2018. entergy texas expects to recover the remaining net book value of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized at current depreciation rates.
sources of capital entergy texas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred stock issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy texas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
405
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy texas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy texas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy texas's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2017                    2016        2015    2014
-in thousands
$44,903                 $681    -$22,068    $306
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy texas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in august 2022. the credit facility allows entergy texas to issue letters of credit against $30 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2017, there were no cash borrowings and $25.6 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. in addition, entergy texas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2017, a $22.8 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy texas's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy texas obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2019 for short-term borrowings, not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding, and long-term borrowings and security issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy texas's short-term borrowing limits.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy texas charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy texas is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. the puct, a governmental agency, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
filings with the puct
2011 rate case in november 2011, entergy texas filed a rate case requesting a $112 million base rate increase reflecting a 10.6%
return on common equity based on an adjusted june 2011 test year. the rate case also proposed a purchased power recovery rider. on january 12, 2012, the puct voted not to address the purchased power recovery rider in the rate case, but the puct voted to set a baseline in the rate case proceeding that would be applicable if a purchased power capacity rider is approved in a separate proceeding. in april 2012 the puct staff filed direct testimony recommending a base rate increase of $66 million and a 9.6% return on common equity. the puct staff, however, subsequently filed a statement of position in the proceeding indicating that it was still evaluating the position it would ultimately take in the case regarding entergy texas's recovery of purchased power capacity costs and entergy texas's proposal to defer its miso transition expenses. in april 2012, entergy texas filed rebuttal testimony indicating a revised request for a $105 million base rate increase. a hearing was held in late-april through early-may 2012.
in september 2012 the puct issued an order approving a $28 million rate increase, effective july 2012. the order included a finding that "a return on common equity (roe) of 9.80 percent will allow [entergy texas] a reasonable opportunity to earn a reasonable return on invested capital." the order also provided for increases in depreciation rates and the annual storm reserve accrual. the order also reduced entergy texas's proposed purchased power capacity costs, stating that they are not known and measurable; reduced entergy texas's regulatory assets associated with hurricane rita; excluded from rate recovery capitalized financially-based incentive compensation;
included $1.6 million of miso transition expense in base rates; and reduced entergy's texas's fuel reconciliation recovery by $4
406
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis million because the puct disagreed with the line-loss factor used in the calculation. after considering the progress of the proceeding in light of the puct order, entergy texas recorded in the third quarter 2012 an approximate $24 million charge to recognize that assets associated with hurricane rita, financially-based incentive compensation, and fuel recovery are no longer probable of recovery. entergy texas believed that it was entitled to recover these prudently incurred costs, however, and it filed a motion for rehearing regarding these and several other issues in the puct's order on october 4, 2012. several other parties also filed motions for rehearing of the puct's order. the puct subsequently denied rehearing of substantive issues. several parties, including entergy texas, appealed various aspects of the puct's order to the travis county district court. a hearing was held in july
2014. in october 2014 the travis county district court issued an order upholding the puct's decision except as to the line-loss factor issue referenced above, which was found in favor of entergy texas. in november 2014, entergy texas and other parties, including the puct, appealed the travis county district court decision to the third court of appeals. oral argument before the court panel was held in september 2015. in april 2016 the third court of appeals issued its opinion affirming the district court's decision on all points. entergy texas petitioned the texas supreme court to hear its appeal of the third court's ruling. in september 2017 the texas supreme court denied the petitions for review. entergy texas filed a motion for rehearing of the texas supreme court's denial of the petition for review. in january 2018 the texas supreme court denied entergy texas's motion for rehearing.
distribution cost recovery factor (dcrf) rider in september 2015, entergy texas filed to amend its dcrf rider. entergy texas requested an increase in recovery under the rider of $6.5 million , for a total collection of $10.1 million annually from retail customers. in october 2015 intervenors and puct staff filed testimony opposing, in part, entergy texas's request. in november
2015, entergy texas and the parties filed an unopposed settlement agreement and supporting documents. the settlement established an annual revenue requirement of $8.65 million for the amended dcrf rider, with the resulting rates effective for usage on and after january 1, 2016. the puct approved the settlement agreement in february 2016.
in june 2017, entergy texas filed an application to amend its dcrf rider by increasing the total collection from
$8.65 million to approximately $19 million. in july 2017, entergy texas, the puct, and the two other parties in the proceeding entered into an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in an amended dcrf annual revenue requirement of $18.3 million, with the resulting rates effective for usage no later than october 1, 2017.
in september 2017 the puct issued its final order approving the unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement. the amended dcrf rider rates became effective for usage on and after september 1, 2017.
transmission cost recovery factor (tcrf) rider in september 2015, entergy texas filed for a tcrf rider requesting a $13 million increase, incremental to base rates. testimony was filed in november 2015, with the puct staff and other parties proposing various disallowances involving, among other things, miso charges, vegetation management costs, and bad debt expenses that would reduce the requested increase by approximately $2 million . in addition to those recommended disallowances, a number of parties recommended that entergy texas's request be reduced by an additional $3.4 million to account for load growth since base rates were last set. a hearing on the merits was held in december 2015. in february 2016 a state office of administrative hearings alj issued a proposal for decision recommending that the puct disallow approximately $2 million from entergy texas's $13 million request, but recommending that the puct not accept the load growth offset. in june 2016 the puct indicated that it would take up in a future rulemaking project the issue of whether a load growth adjustment should apply to a tcrf. in july 2016 the puct issued an order generally accepting the proposal for decision but declining to adjust the tcrf baseline in two instances as recommended by the alj, which resulted in a total annual allowance of approximately $10.5 million . the puct also ordered its staff and entergy texas to track all spare autotransformer transfers going forward so that it could address the appropriate accounting treatment and prudence of such transfers in entergy texas's next base rate case. entergy texas implemented the tcrf rider beginning with september 2016 bills.
407
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in september 2016, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its tcrf rider. the proposed amended tcrf rider is designed to collect approximately $29.5 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers. this amount includes the approximately $10.5 million annually that entergy texas is currently authorized to collect through the tcrf rider, as discussed above. in december 2016, concurrent with the 2016 fuel reconciliation stipulation and settlement agreement discussed above, entergy texas and the puct reached a settlement agreeing to the amended tcrf annual revenue requirement of $29.5 million . as discussed below, the terms of the two settlements are interdependent. the puct approved the settlement and issued a final order in march 2017. entergy texas implemented the amended tcrf rider beginning with bills covering usage on and after march 20, 2017.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy texas's rate schedules include a fixed fuel factor to recover fuel and purchased power costs, including interest, not recovered in base rates. semi-annual revisions of the fixed fuel factor are made in march and september based on the market price of natural gas and changes in fuel mix. the amounts collected under entergy texas's fixed fuel factor and any interim surcharge or refund are subject to fuel reconciliation proceedings before the puct.
in august 2014, entergy texas filed an application seeking puct approval to implement an interim fuel refund of approximately $24.6 million for over-collected fuel costs incurred during the months of november 2012 through april
2014. this refund resulted from (i) applying $48.6 million in bandwidth remedy payments that entergy texas received in may 2014 related to the june - december 2005 period to entergy texas's $8.7 million under-recovered fuel balance as of april 30, 2014 and (ii) netting that fuel balance against the $15.3 million bandwidth remedy payment that entergy texas made related to calendar year 2013 production costs. also in august 2014, entergy texas filed an unopposed motion for interim rates to implement these refunds for most customers over a two-month period commencing with september 2014. the puct issued its order approving the interim relief in august 2014 and entergy texas completed the refunds in october 2014. parties intervened in this matter, and all parties agreed that the proceeding should be bifurcated such that the proposed interim refund would become final in a separate proceeding, which refund was approved by the puct in march 2015. in july 2015 certain parties filed briefs in the open proceeding asserting that entergy texas should refund to retail customers an additional $10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments entergy texas received related to calendar year 2006 production costs. in october 2015 an alj issued a proposal for decision recommending that the additional $10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments be refunded to retail customers. in january 2016 the puct issued its order affirming the alj's recommendation, and entergy texas filed a motion for rehearing of the puct's decision, which the puct denied. in march 2016, entergy texas filed a complaint in federal district court for the western district of texas and a petition in the travis county (state) district court appealing the puct's decision. the pending appeals did not stay the puct's decision.
in april 2016, entergy texas filed with the puct an application to refund to customers approximately $56.2 million
. the refund resulted from (i) $41.8 million of fuel cost recovery over-collections through february 2016, (ii) the
$10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments, discussed above, that entergy texas received related to calendar year
2006 production costs, and (iii) $3.5 million in bandwidth remedy payments that entergy texas received related to
2006-2008 production costs. in june 2016, entergy texas filed an unopposed settlement agreement that added additional over-recovered fuel costs for the months of march and april 2016. the settlement resulted in a $68
million refund. the alj approved the refund on an interim basis to be made to most customers over a four-month period beginning with the first billing cycle of july 2016. in july 2016 the puct issued an order approving the interim refund. the federal appeal of the puct's january 2016 decision was heard in december 2016, and the federal district court granted entergy texas's requested relief. in january 2017 the puct and an intervenor filed petitions for appeal to the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit of the federal district court ruling. oral argument was held before the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit in february 2018, and a decision is pending. the state district court appeal of the puct's january 2016 decision also remains pending.
in july 2016, entergy texas filed an application to reconcile its fuel and purchased power costs for the period april 1, 2013 through march 31, 2016. under a recent puct rule change, a fuel reconciliation is required to be filed at least once every three years and outside of a base rate case filing. during the reconciliation period, entergy texas incurred approximately $1.77 billion in texas jurisdictional eligible fuel and purchased power expenses, net of certain revenues credited to such expenses and other adjustments. entergy texas estimated an over-
recovery balance of
408
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis approximately $19.3 million , including interest, which entergy texas requested authority to carry over as the beginning balance for the subsequent reconciliation period beginning apri1 2016. entergy texas also noted, however, that the estimated $19.3 million over collection was being refunded to customers as a portion of the interim fuel refund beginning with the first billing cycle of july 2016, discussed above. entergy texas also requested a prudence finding for each of the fuel-related contracts and arrangements entered into or modified during the reconciliation period that have not been reviewed by the puct in a prior proceeding. in december 2016, entergy texas entered into a stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in a $6 million disallowance not associated with any particular issue raised and a refund of the over-recovery balance of $21 million as of november 30, 2016, to most customers beginning april 2017 through june 2017. this settlement was developed concurrently with the stipulation and settlement agreement in the 2016 transmission cost recovery factor rider amendment discussed above, and the terms and conditions in both settlements are interdependent. the fuel reconciliation settlement was approved by the puct in march 2017 and the refunds were made.
in june 2017, entergy texas filed an application for a fuel refund of approximately $30.7 million for the months of december 2016 through april 2017. for most customers, the refunds flowed through bills for the months of july 2017
through september 2017. the fuel refund was approved by the puct in august 2017.
in december 2017, entergy texas filed an application for a fuel refund of approximately $30.5 million for the months of may 2017 through october 2017. also in december 2017, the puct's alj approved the refund on an interim basis. for most customers, the refunds flowed through bills beginning january 2018 and will continue through march
2018. a final decision in this matter remains pending.
federal regulation see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters see the "
nuclear matters
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
industrial and commercial customers entergy texas's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy texas's industrial customer base. entergy texas responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide, under existing rate schedules, competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles.
entergy texas actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers.
environmental risks entergy texas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy texas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business

environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
409
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy texas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy texas's financial position or results of operations.
utility regulatory accounting see "
utility regulatory accounting
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
unbilled revenue see "
unbilled revenue
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the unbilled revenue amounts.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see "
taxation and uncertain tax positions
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy texas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
410
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension and qualified projected benefit obligation cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018 qualified      impact on 2017 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $701                       $11,425
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $868                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $301                        $1,488
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018       impact on 2017 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                          $231                           $3,481
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $413                           $2,907
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy texas in 2017 was $3.5 million. entergy texas anticipates 2018 qualified pension income to be $4.2 million. in 2016, entergy texas refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of qualified pension costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified pension costs by
$3.6 million. entergy texas contributed $17 million to its qualified pension plans in 2017 and estimates 2018
pension contributions will be approximately $10.9 million, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy texas in 2017 was $1.8 million.
entergy texas expects 2018 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $6.2
million. in 2016, entergy texas refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of other postretirement costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified other postretirement costs by $1.1 million.
entergy texas contributed $3.1 million to its other postretirement plans in 2017 and estimates 2018 contributions will be approximately $3.2 million.
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
other contingencies see "
other contingencies
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
411
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
412
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholder and board of directors of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 414 through 418 and applicable items in pages 55 through 230), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
413
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2017             2016             2015
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,544,893       $1,615,619       $1,707,203
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  225,517          271,968          277,810
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    610,279          616,597          709,947
other operation and                                                230,616          220,566          254,731
maintenance asset write-off                                                          -                -           23,472
taxes other than                                                    79,254           70,973           72,945
income taxes depreciation and                                                   117,520          107,026          102,410
amortization other regulatory                                                    82,328           82,879           82,243
charges - net total                                                            1,345,514        1,370,009        1,523,558
operating income                                                   199,379          245,610          183,645
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                    6,722            7,617            5,678
construction interest and                                                           981              987              684
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                    193             (746  )          (798  )
total                                                                7,896            7,858            5,564
interest expense interest expense                                                    86,719           87,776           86,024
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                   (4,098  )        (4,943  )        (3,690  )
construction total                                                               82,621           82,833           82,334
income before income                                               124,654          170,635          106,875
taxes income taxes                                                        48,481           63,097           37,250
net income                                                         $76,173         $107,538          $69,625
see notes to financial statements.
414
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $76,173       $107,538        $69,625
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and                                                       117,520        107,026        102,410
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                            42,119         20,794        (23,292  )
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                            (15,934  )      (9,300  )      21,443
fuel inventory                                                         (25,054  )       9,765          2,960
accounts payable                                                        32,842        (22,462  )     (16,913  )
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                 30,308         10,018          3,484
accrued interest accrued                                                          (421  )      (3,229  )        (551  )
deferred fuel costs                                                     12,758         29,419         36,985
other working capital                                                   (7,852  )      (3,354  )       2,468
accounts provisions for                                                           2,531         (1,735  )      (2,899  )
estimated losses other regulatory assets                                                184,574         74,389        125,133
other regulatory                                                       410,968          2,106          1,271
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                  (520,547  )           -              -
regulatory liability/asset pension and other postretirement                                                         (49,445  )     (10,204  )     (33,474  )
liabilities other assets and                                                        10,856         (4,170  )      (4,382  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           301,396        306,601        284,268
activities investing activities construction                                                          (348,027  )    (337,963  )    (320,408  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                        6,874          7,743          5,751
construction insurance proceeds                                                       2,431              -              -
changes in money pool                                                  (44,222  )        (681  )         306
receivable - net changes in                                                                (232  )         710           (942  )
securitization account net cash flow used in investing                                                             (383,176  )    (330,191  )    (315,293  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  148,277        123,502        246,607
debt retirement of long-term                                                (71,683  )     (68,593  )    (265,734  )
debt capital contributions                                                  115,000              -              -
from parent change in money pool                                                         -        (22,068  )      22,068
payable - net other                                                                     (482  )      (5,252  )        (175  )
net cash flow provided by financing                                                           191,112         27,589          2,766
activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                       109,332          3,999        (28,259  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                           6,181          2,182         30,441
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                 $115,513         $6,181         $2,182
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $84,556        $88,489        $83,290
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($21,107  )     $28,523        $60,359
see notes to financial statements.
415
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2017             2016
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                    $32           $1,216
temporary cash investments                                                          115,481            4,965
total cash and cash equivalents                                                     115,513            6,181
securitization recovery trust                                                        37,683           37,451
account accounts receivable:
customer                                                                             74,382           71,803
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                        (463  )          (828  )
associated companies                                                                 90,629           39,447
other                                                                                 9,831           14,756
accrued unbilled revenues                                                            50,682           39,727
total accounts receivable                                                           225,061          164,905
fuel inventory - at average cost                                                     42,731           37,177
materials and supplies - at average                                                  38,605           36,631
cost prepayments and other                                                                19,710           18,599
total                                                                               479,303          300,944
other property and investments investments in affiliates - at                                                          457              600
equity non-utility property - at cost (less                                                    376              376
accumulated depreciation)
other                                                                                19,235           18,801
total                                                                                20,068           19,777
utility plant electric                                                                          4,569,295        4,274,069
construction work in progress                                                       102,088          111,227
total utility plant                                                               4,671,383        4,385,296
less - accumulated depreciation and                                               1,579,387        1,526,057
amortization utility plant - net                                                               3,091,996        2,859,239
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes -                                                       -          105,816
net other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $313,123
as                                                                                  661,398          740,156
of december 31, 2017 and $384,609 as of december 31, 2016)
other                                                                                26,973            7,149
total                                                                               688,371          853,121
total assets                                                                     $4,279,738       $4,033,081
see notes to financial statements.
416
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2017          2016
-in thousands current liabilities accounts payable:
associated companies                                                                   $59,347       $47,867
other                                                                                  126,095        77,342
customer deposits                                                                       40,925        44,419
taxes accrued                                                                           45,659        15,351
interest accrued                                                                        25,556        25,977
deferred fuel costs                                                                     67,301        54,543
other                                                                                    8,132         9,388
total                                                                                  373,015       274,887
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                  544,642     1,027,647
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                     11,983        12,934
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -                                                412,620             -
net other regulatory liabilities                                                             6,850         8,502
asset retirement cost liabilities                                                        6,835         6,470
accumulated provisions                                                                  10,115         7,584
pension and other postretirement                                                        17,853        67,313
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $358,104 as of december 31,                                                 1,587,150     1,508,407
2017 and $429,043 as of december 31,
2016)
other                                                                                   48,508        50,343
total                                                                                2,646,556     2,689,200
commitments and contingencies common equity common stock, no par value, authorized
200,000,000 shares; issued and                                                          49,452        49,452
outstanding 46,525,000 shares in 2017
and 2016
paid-in capital                                                                        596,994       481,994
retained earnings                                                                      613,721       537,548
total                                                                                1,260,167     1,068,994
total liabilities and equity                                                        $4,279,738    $4,033,081
see notes to financial statements.
417
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31, 2017,
2016, and 2015

common equity common stock    paid-in capital    retained earnings         total
-in thousands balance at december                               $49,452           $481,994             $360,385      $891,831
31, 2014
net income                                              -                  -               69,625        69,625
balance at december                               $49,452           $481,994             $430,010      $961,456
31, 2015
net income                                              -                  -              107,538       107,538
balance at december                               $49,452           $481,994             $537,548    $1,068,994
31, 2016
net income                                              -                  -               76,173        76,173
capital contributions from                                      -            115,000                    -       115,000
parent balance at december                               $49,452           $596,994             $613,721    $1,260,167
31, 2017
see notes to financial statements.
418
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
-in thousands operating                                    $1,544,893    $1,615,619    $1,707,203    $1,851,982    $1,728,799
revenues net income                                      $76,173      $107,538       $69,625       $74,804       $57,881
total assets                                 $4,279,738    $4,033,081    $3,898,582    $3,897,989    $3,909,470
long-term                                    $1,587,150    $1,508,407    $1,451,967    $1,268,835    $1,544,549
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $636          $613          $633          $654          $596
commercial                                          378           356           369           384           327
industrial                                          384           365           372           422           325
governmental                                         25            24            25            26            24
total retail                                      1,423         1,358         1,399         1,486         1,272
sales for resale:
associated                                           58           178           259           316           369
companies non-associated                                       22            40            14            23            47
companies other                                                42            40            35            27            41
total                                            $1,545        $1,616        $1,707        $1,852        $1,729
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       5,716         5,836         5,889         5,810         5,726
commercial                                        4,548         4,570         4,548         4,471         4,402
industrial                                        7,521         7,493         7,036         7,140         6,404
governmental                                        273           283           276           277           282
total retail                                     18,058        18,182        17,749        17,698        16,814
sales for resale:
associated                                        1,534         4,625         5,853         4,763         6,287
companies non-associated                                      729         1,086           254           200           712
companies total                                            20,321        23,893        23,856        22,661        23,813
419
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis system energy's principal asset currently consists of an ownership interest and a leasehold interest in grand gulf.
the capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the unit power sales agreement to its only four customers, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its
90% interest in grand gulf pursuant to the unit power sales agreement. payments under the unit power sales agreement are system energy's only source of operating revenues.
results of operations net income
2017 compared to 2016
net income decreased $18.1 million primarily due to provisions against revenue recorded in 2017 in connection with the complaint against system energy's return on equity and a higher effective income tax rate in 2017. see "
federal regulation

complaint against system energy
" below for further discussion of the complaint against system energy.
2016 compared to 2015
net income decreased $14.6 million primarily due to a higher effective income tax rate in 2016.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were 47.1%, 42.3%, and 32.3%, respectively. the difference in the effective income tax rate of 47.1% for 2017 versus the statutory rate of 35% for 2017 was primarily due to certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items and state income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
income tax legislation see the "
income tax legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses proceedings commenced or other responses by entergy's regulators to the act.
420
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 were as follows:
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning         $245,863       $230,661       $223,179
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            371,278        341,939        502,536
investing activities                           (174,250  )    (232,602  )    (137,562  )
financing activities                           (155,704  )     (94,135  )    (357,492  )
net increase in cash and cash                    41,324         15,202          7,482
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of            $287,187       $245,863       $230,661
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $29.3 million in 2017 primarily due to:
  a decrease in spending of $35.7 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2017 as compared to the prior year;
  the timing of collection of receivables; and
  a decrease of $9.9 million in interest paid in 2017.
the increase was partially offset by:
proceeds of $28.4 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent
  nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed.  see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation; and a decrease of $21.3 million in income tax refunds in 2017.  system energy received income tax refunds in
2017 and 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in
  2017 and 2016 resulted primarily from the adoption of a new accounting method for income tax purposes in which system energy will treat its nuclear decommissioning costs as production costs of electricity includable in cost of goods sold.  see note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of the adoption of the new accounting method.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $160.6 million in 2016 primarily due to:
a decrease of $90.5 million in income tax refunds in 2016.  system energy received income tax refunds in
2016 and 2015 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in
  2016 and 2015 resulted primarily from the adoption of a new accounting method for income tax purposes in which system energy will treat its nuclear decommissioning costs as production costs of electricity includable in cost of goods sold.  see note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of the adoption of the new accounting method; and
  an increase in spending of $35.1 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2016 as compared to 2015.
the decrease was partially offset by proceeds of $28.4 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed. see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
421
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $58.4 million in 2017 primarily due to a decrease of $159.4
million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle. the decrease was partially offset by money pool activity and proceeds of $15.8 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
increases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow and system energy's receivable from the money pool increased by $77.9 million in 2017 compared to decreasing by $6.1 million in 2016. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash flow used in investing activities increased $95 million in 2016 primarily due to:
fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and an increase in nuclear construction expenditures primarily as a result of a higher scope of work performed
  in 2016 on grand gulf outage projects, partially offset by decreased spending in 2016 on compliance with nrc post-fukushima requirements.
the increase was partially offset by money pool activity and proceeds of $15.8 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
decreases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow and system energy's receivable from the money pool decreased by $6.1 million in 2016 compared to increasing by $37.6 million in 2015.
financing activities net cash flow used in financing activities increased $61.6 million in 2017 primarily due to:
net repayments of short-term borrowings of $49.1 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest
  entity's credit facility in 2017 as compared to net short-term borrowings of $66.9 million on the nuclear fuel variable interest entity's credit facility in 2016; and
  the payment in february 2017, at maturity, of $50 million of the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's 4.02% series h notes.
the increase was partially offset by:
  net long-term borrowings of $50 million in 2017 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility;
  a decrease of $32.4 million in common stock dividends and distributions in 2017 in order to maintain system energy's targeted capital structure; and
  the repayment in may 2016 of $22 million of 5.875% pollution control revenue bonds due 2022 issued on behalf of system energy.
422
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $263.4 million in 2016 primarily due to:
net borrowings of $66.9 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility in
  2016 compared to net repayments of $20.4 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility in 2015;
  a decrease of $61.8 million in common stock dividends and distributions as a result of lower operating cash flows and higher nuclear fuel purchases in 2016 as compared to the prior year;
  the redemption in april 2015, at maturity, of $60 million of system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's 5.33% series g notes; and
  redemption in may 2015 of $35 million and in november 2015 of $25 million of system energy's 5.875% series governmental bonds due 2022.
the decrease was partially offset by the repayment in may 2016 of $22 million of 5.875% pollution control revenue bonds due 2022 issued on behalf of system energy.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
capital structure system energy's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. the decrease in the debt to capital ratio for system energy is primarily due to the payment in february 2017, at maturity, of
$50 million of the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's 4.02% series h notes.
december 31,2017           december 31,2016
debt to capital              44.5  %                    45.5  %
effect of subtracting cash  (16.0  %)                  (12.0  %)
net debt to net capital      28.5  %                    33.5  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. system energy uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition. system energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition because net debt indicates system energy's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
system energy seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, system energy may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure.
uses of capital system energy requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt maturities or retirements;
423
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel costs; and
  dividend, distribution, and interest payments.
following are the amounts of system energy's planned construction and other capital investments.
2018    2019    2020
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $180    $130    $150
utility support                               15      15      10
total                                       $195    $145    $160
following are the amounts of system energy's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2018    2019-2020    2021-2022    after 2022    total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $124         $121         $199          $493     $937
purchase obligations (b)             $38          $39          $34            $-     $111
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for system energy, it includes nuclear fuel purchase obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, system energy expects to contribute approximately $13.8
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $16 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2018, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, system energy has $433 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate includes specific grand gulf investments and initiatives.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary, system energy dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly.
sources of capital system energy's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
424
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis system energy may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common stock issuances by system energy require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. system energy has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
system energy's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2017                        2016       2015      2014
-in thousands
$111,667                 $33,809    $39,926    $2,373
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $120 million scheduled to expire in may 2019. as of december 31, 2017, $17.8 million in letters of credit to support a like amount of commercial paper issued and $50 million in loans were outstanding under the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facility.
system energy obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2019 for the following:
  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding;
  long-term borrowings and security issuances; and
  long-term borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of system energy's short-term borrowing limits.
federal regulation see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
complaint against system energy in january 2017 the apsc and mpsc filed a complaint with the ferc against system energy. the complaint seeks a reduction in the return on equity component of the unit power sales agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. entergy arkansas also sells some of its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans under separate agreements. the current return on equity under the unit power sales agreement is 10.94% . the complaint alleges that the return on equity is unjust and unreasonable because current capital market and other considerations indicate that it is excessive. the complaint requests the ferc to institute proceedings to investigate the return on equity and establish a lower return on equity, and also requests that the ferc establish january 23, 2017 as a refund effective date. the complaint includes return on equity analysis that purports to establish that the range of reasonable return on equity for system energy is between
8.37% and 8.67% . system energy answered the complaint in february 2017 and disputes that a return on equity of
8.37% to 8.67% is just and reasonable. the lpsc and the city council intervened in the proceeding expressing support for the complaint. system energy is recording a provision against revenue for the potential outcome of this proceeding. in september 2017 the ferc established a refund effective date of january 23, 2017, consolidated the return on equity complaint with the proceeding described in unit power sales agreement below, and directed the parties to engage in settlement
425
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis proceedings before an alj. if the parties fail to come to an agreement during settlement proceedings, a prehearing conference will be held to establish a procedural schedule for hearing proceedings.
unit power sales agreement in august 2017, system energy submitted to the ferc proposed amendments to the unit power sales agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. the filing proposes limited amendments to the unit power sales agreement to adopt (1) updated rates for use in calculating grand gulf plant depreciation and amortization expenses and (2)
updated nuclear decommissioning cost annual revenue requirements, both of which are recovered through the unit power sales agreement rate formula. the proposed amendments would result in lower charges to the utility operating companies that buy capacity and energy from system energy under the unit power sales agreement. the proposed changes are based on updated depreciation and nuclear decommissioning studies that take into account the renewal of grand gulf's operating license for a term through november 1, 2044. system energy requested that the ferc accept the amendments effective october 1, 2017.
in september 2017 the ferc accepted system energy's proposed unit power sales agreement amendments, subject to further proceedings to consider the justness and reasonableness of the amendments. because the amendments propose a rate decrease, the ferc also initiated an investigation under section 206 of the federal power act to determine if the rate decrease should be lower than proposed. the ferc accepted the proposed amendments effective october 1,
2017, subject to refund pending the outcome of the further settlement and/or hearing proceedings, and established a refund effective date of october 11, 2017 with respect to the rate decrease. the ferc also consolidated the unit power sales agreement amendment proceeding with the proceeding described in complaint against system energy above, and directed the parties to engage in settlement proceedings before an alj. if the parties fail to come to an agreement during settlement proceedings, a prehearing conference will be held to establish a procedural schedule for hearing proceedings.
nuclear matters system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates grand gulf. system energy is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of grand gulf, system energy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. in december 2016, the nrc granted the extension of grand gulf's operating license to 2044.
grand gulf outage and nrc review grand gulf began a maintenance outage on september 8, 2016 to replace a residual heat removal pump. although the pump had been replaced, on september 27, 2016 management decided to keep the plant in an outage for additional training and other steps to support management's operational goals. grand gulf returned to service on january 31,
2017.
426
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis based on the plant's performance indicators, in november 2016 the nrc placed grand gulf in the "regulatory response column," or column 2, of its reactor oversight process action matrix. entergy is implementing a plan to restore grand gulf to column 1, including addressing the issues related to the three very low safety significance non-cited violations identified in the nrc's report on the results of its october 2016 special inspection. depending on the success of implementing that plan and the plant's performance indicators, there is risk that the nrc could move grand gulf into the "degraded cornerstone column," or column 3, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix.
environmental risks system energy's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that system energy is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business

environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of system energy's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of system energy's financial position or results of operations.
nuclear decommissioning costs see "
nuclear decommissioning costs
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
in the second quarter 2017, system energy recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for grand gulf as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in a $35.9 million reduction in its decommissioning cost liability, along with a corresponding reduction in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining life of the unit.
utility regulatory accounting see "
utility regulatory accounting
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments.
427
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis taxation and uncertain tax positions see "
taxation and uncertain tax positions
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits system energy's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018 qualified      impact on 2017 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $820                       $11,922
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $664                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $329                        $1,473
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2018       impact on 2017 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                          $154                           $2,042
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $239                           $1,704
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for system energy in 2017 was $11.7 million. system energy anticipates 2018 qualified pension cost to be $14.9 million. in 2016, system energy refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of qualified pension costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified pension costs by
$2.8 million. system energy contributed $18.2 million to its pension plans in 2017 and estimates 2018 pension contributions will approximate $13.8 million, although the 2018 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2018 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2018.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit cost for system energy in 2017 was $692 thousand.
system energy expects 2018 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $490
thousand.
428
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis in 2016, system energy refined its approach to estimating the service cost and interest cost components of other postretirement costs, which had the effect of lowering qualified other postretirement costs by $555 thousand.
system energy contributed $570 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2017 and expects 2018 contributions to approximate $16 thousand.
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
other contingencies see "
other contingencies
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
429
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholder and board of directors of system energy resources, inc.
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of system energy resources, inc. (the "company") as of december 31,
2017 and 2016, the related statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 431 through 436
and applicable items in pages 55 through 230), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2017
and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
430
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
income statements for the years ended december 31,
2017           2016           2015
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $633,458       $548,291       $632,405
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                       71,700         27,416         89,598
purchased for resale nuclear refueling                                                       17,968         19,512         21,654
outage expenses other operation and                                                    213,534        153,064        156,552
maintenance decommissioning                                                         43,347         50,797         47,993
taxes other than income                                                 26,180         25,195         27,281
taxes depreciation and                                                       137,767        136,195        143,133
amortization other regulatory                                                       (37,831  )     (45,041  )     (39,434  )
credits - net total                                                                  472,665        367,138        446,777
operating income                                                       160,793        181,153        185,628
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                        6,345          7,944          8,494
construction interest and investment                                                 17,538         14,793         14,437
income miscellaneous - net                                                       (521  )        (556  )        (876  )
total                                                                   23,362         22,181         22,055
interest expense interest expense                                                        37,141         37,529         45,532
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                       (1,551  )      (2,000  )      (2,244  )
construction total                                                                   35,590         35,529         43,288
income before income                                                   148,565        167,805        164,395
taxes income taxes                                                            69,969         71,061         53,077
net income                                                             $78,596        $96,744       $111,318
see notes to financial statements.
431

(page left blank intentionally)
432
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2017           2016            2015
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $78,596        $96,744        $111,318
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning,                                                      240,962        224,879         270,514
including nuclear fuel amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                            7,827         99,531         200,797
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                             9,210        (15,846  )        5,879
accounts payable                                                       15,969          2,720            (352  )
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                62,466         (6,555  )      (32,594  )
accrued interest accrued                                                         (660  )        (134  )      (19,013  )
other working capital                                                  12,083        (15,470  )       13,576
accounts other regulatory assets                                                60,012        (58,279  )       (4,565  )
other regulatory                                                      331,251         33,438         (33,686  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                 (325,707  )           -               -
regulatory liability/asset pension and other postretirement                                                          4,024          5,586         (16,888  )
liabilities other assets and                                                     (124,755  )     (24,675  )        7,550
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                          371,278        341,939         502,536
activities investing activities construction                                                          (91,705  )     (88,037  )      (70,358  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                       6,345          7,944           8,494
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                                (49,728  )    (151,068  )      (64,977  )
proceeds from the sale                                                 69,516         11,467          57,681
of nuclear fuel proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                       565,416        499,252         390,371
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                      (596,236  )    (534,083  )     (421,220  )
trust funds changes in money pool                                                 (77,858  )       6,117         (37,553  )
receivable - net litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                                                            -         15,806               -
spent nuclear fuel storage costs net cash flow used in investing                                                            (174,250  )    (232,602  )     (137,562  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                 150,100              -               -
debt retirement of long-term                                              (150,103  )     (22,002  )     (136,310  )
debt changes in credit                                                     (49,063  )      66,893         (20,404  )
borrowings - net common stock dividends                                               (106,610  )    (139,000  )     (200,750  )
and distributions other                                                                     (28  )         (26  )          (28  )
net cash flow used in financing                                                            (155,704  )     (94,135  )     (357,492  )
activities net increase in cash and cash                                                               41,324         15,202           7,482
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                        245,863        230,661         223,179
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                $287,187       $245,863        $230,661
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                     $26,251        $36,152         $47,864
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($2,227  )    ($23,565  )    ($114,092  )
see notes to financial statements.
433
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
balance sheets assets december 31,
2017          2016
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                 $78          $786
temporary cash investments                                                       287,109       245,077
total cash and cash equivalents                                                  287,187       245,863
accounts receivable:
associated companies                                                             170,149       104,390
other                                                                              6,526         3,637
total accounts receivable                                                        176,675       108,027
materials and supplies - at average cost                                          88,424        82,469
deferred nuclear refueling outage costs                                            7,908        24,729
prepayments and other                                                              2,489        20,111
total                                                                            562,683       481,199
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                      905,686       780,496
total                                                                            905,686       780,496
utility plant electric                                                                       4,327,849     4,331,668
property under capital lease                                                     588,281       585,084
construction work in progress                                                     69,937        43,888
nuclear fuel                                                                     207,513       259,635
total utility plant                                                            5,193,580     5,220,275
less - accumulated depreciation and                                            3,175,018     3,063,249
amortization utility plant - net                                                            2,018,562     2,157,026
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes - net                                                -        93,127
other regulatory assets                                                          444,327       411,212
other                                                                              7,629         4,652
total                                                                            451,956       508,991
total assets                                                                  $3,938,887    $3,927,712
see notes to financial statements.
434
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2017          2016
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                $85,004       $50,003
short-term borrowings                                                             17,830        66,893
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                              16,878         5,843
other                                                                             62,868        50,558
taxes accrued                                                                     46,584             -
interest accrued                                                                  13,389        14,049
other                                                                              2,434         2,957
total                                                                            244,987       190,303
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                            776,420     1,112,865
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                               39,406        41,663
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -                                          246,122             -
net other regulatory liabilities                                                     455,991       370,862
decommissioning                                                                  861,664       854,202
pension and other postretirement                                                 121,874       117,850
liabilities long-term debt                                                                   466,484       501,129
other                                                                             15,130            15
total                                                                          2,983,091     2,998,586
commitments and contingencies common equity common stock, no par value, authorized
1,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding                                         658,350       679,350
789,350 shares in 2017 and 2016
retained earnings                                                                 52,459        59,473
total                                                                            710,809       738,823
total liabilities and equity                                                  $3,938,887    $3,927,712
see notes to financial statements.
435
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

common equity common stock       retained earnings          total
-in thousands balance at december 31,                                      $789,350                 $81,161       $870,511
2014
net income                                                          -                 111,318        111,318
common stock dividends and                                    (70,000  )             (130,750  )    (200,750  )
distributions balance at december 31,                                      $719,350                 $61,729       $781,079
2015
net income                                                          -                  96,744         96,744
common stock dividends and                                    (40,000  )              (99,000  )    (139,000  )
distributions balance at december 31,                                      $679,350                 $59,473       $738,823
2016
net income                                                          -                  78,596         78,596
common stock dividends and                                    (21,000  )              (85,610  )    (106,610  )
distributions balance at december 31,                                      $658,350                 $52,459       $710,809
2017
see notes to financial statements.
436
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
-dollars in thousands operating                                      $633,458      $548,291      $632,405      $664,364      $735,089
revenues net income                                      $78,596       $96,744      $111,318       $96,334      $113,664
total assets                                 $3,938,887    $3,927,712    $3,728,875    $3,826,193    $3,537,414
long-term                                      $466,484      $501,129      $572,665      $630,603      $702,273
obligations (a)
electric energy                                   6,675         5,384        10,547         9,219         9,794
sales (gwh)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
437

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 2.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

properties information regarding the registrant's properties is included in part i. item 1. - entergy's business under the sections titled "
utility
- property and other generation resources
" and "
entergy wholesale commodities
- property
" in this report.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 3.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

legal proceedings details of the registrant's material environmental regulation and proceedings and other regulatory proceedings and litigation that are pending or those terminated in the fourth quarter of 2017 are discussed in part i. item 1. -
entergy's business under the sections titled "
retail rate regulation ," "
environmental regulation ," and "
litigation
" and "
impairment of long-lived assets
" in note 14 to the financial statements.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 4.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

mine safety disclosures not applicable.
executive officers of entergy corporation executive officers name                              age    position                                                  period leo p. denault (a)                 58    chairman of the board and chief executive officer of      2013-present entergy corporation executive vice president and chief financial officer      2004-2013
of entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and    2004-2013
system energy director of entergy texas                                 2007-2013
director of entergy new orleans                           2011-2013
executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of a. christopher bakken, iii (a)     56    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2016-present louisiana, and system energy project director, hinkley point c of edf energy           2009-2016
executive vice president and general counsel of marcus v. brown (a)                56    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2013-present louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy senior vice president and general counsel of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states        2012-2013
louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy vice president and deputy general counsel of entergy      2009-2012
services, inc.
associate general counsel of entergy services, inc.       2007-2009
438
table of contents name                          age    position                                                            period andrew s. marsh (a)            46    executive vice president and chief financial officer of       2013-present entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and          2013-present system energy chief financial officer of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans,          2014-present entergy texas, and system energy vice president, system planning of entergy services, inc.        2010-2013
vice president, planning and financial communications of         2007-2010
entergy services, inc.
group president utility operations of entergy corporation, roderick k. west (a)           49    entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi,     2017-present and entergy texas president, chief executive officer, and director of system    2017-present energy executive vice president of entergy corporation                  2010-2017
chief administrative officer of entergy corporation              2010-2016
president and chief executive officer of entergy new             2007-2010
orleans director of entergy new orleans                                  2005-2011
paul d. hinnenkamp (a)         56    executive vice president and chief operating officer of       2017-present entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy      2015-present mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas senior vice president and chief operating officer of             2015-2017
entergy corporation senior vice president, capital project management and                 2015
technology of entergy services, inc.
vice president, capital project management and technology        2013-2015
of entergy services, inc.
vice president of fossil generation development and              2010-2013
support of entergy services, inc.
senior vice president and chief accounting officer of alyson m. mount (a)            47    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana,     2012-present entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy vice president corporate controller of entergy services,         2010-2012
inc.
director, corporate reporting and accounting policy of           2002-2010
entergy services, inc.
andrea coughlin rowley (a)     52    senior vice president, human resources of entergy             2016-present corporation president and chief executive officer of advance/evolve          2013-2016
llc vice president, human resources of dover corporation             2012-2013
439
table of contents name                   age    position                                                                   period donald w. vinci (a)     59    executive vice president and chief administrative officer of         2016-present entergy corporation senior vice president, human resources and chief diversity              2013-2016
officer of entergy corporation vice president, human capital management of entergy services,                2013
inc.
vice president, gas distribution business of entergy services,          2010-2013
inc.
vice president, business development of entergy services, inc.          2008-2010
(a)  in addition, this officer is an executive officer and/or director of various other wholly owned subsidiaries of entergy corporation and its operating companies.
each officer of entergy corporation is elected yearly by the board of directors. each officer's age and title is provided as of december 31, 2017.
  
                                                                                                                 
                                                     part ii                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 5.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

market for registrants' common equity and related stockholder matters entergy corporation the shares of entergy corporation's common stock are listed on the new york stock and chicago stock exchanges under the ticker symbol etr.
the high and low prices of entergy corporation's common stock for each quarterly period in 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
2017                  2016
high                 low     high          low
-in dollars first   77.51               69.63    79.72        65.38
second  80.61               74.88    81.36        72.67
third   80.49               74.83    82.09        75.99
fourth  87.95               75.01    76.56        66.71
consecutive quarterly cash dividends on common stock were paid to stockholders of entergy corporation in 2017 and
2016 . quarterly dividends of $0.85 per share were paid through third quarter 2016. in fourth quarter 2016 and through third quarter 2017, dividends of $0.87 per share were paid. in fourth quarter 2017, dividends of $0.89 per share were paid.
as of january 31, 2018, there were 26,213 stockholders of record of entergy corporation.
440
table of contents unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds issuer purchases of equity securities (1)
total number of      maximum $ amount total number of     average price           shares purchased       of shares that period            shares purchased    paid per share          as part of a               may yet be publicly            purchased under a announced plan               plan (2)
10/01/2017  -10/31/2017    -                      $-                   -                           $350,052,918
11/01/2017  -11/30/2017    -                      $-                   -                           $350,052,918
12/01/2017  -12/31/2017    -                      $-                   -                           $350,052,918
total                      -                      $-                   -
in accordance with entergy's stock-based compensation plans, entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of entergy's common stock. according to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market. entergy's management has been authorized by the board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans. in addition to this authority, the board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions. in october 2010 the board granted authority for a $500
million share repurchase program. the amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities. in addition, in the first quarter 2017, entergy withheld 1,054 shares of its common stock at $70.58 per share, 122,148 shares of its common stock at $70.61 per share, and 31,243 shares of its common stock at $71.89 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted and payout of performance units as part of its long-term incentive program.
(1)  see note 12 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans.
maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million plan does not
(2)  include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans.
entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy there is no market for the common equity of the registrant subsidiaries. cash dividends and distributions on common equity paid by the registrant subsidiaries during 2017 and 2016 , were as follows:
2017      2016
-in millions entergy arkansas              $15.0        $-
entergy louisiana             $91.3    $285.5
entergy mississippi           $26.0     $24.0
entergy new orleans           $74.3     $18.7
entergy texas                    $-        $-
system energy                $106.6    $139.0
information with respect to restrictions that limit the ability of the registrant subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions is presented in note 7 to the financial statements.
441

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 6.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

selected financial data refer to
"selected financial data
- five-year comparison of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc." which follow each company's financial statements in this report, for information with respect to selected financial data and certain operating statistics.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 7.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 7a.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries

market and credit risk sensitive instruments
."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 8.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

financial statements and supplementary data refer to "table of contents - entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, inc., entergy louisiana, llc, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, llc, entergy texas, inc., and system energy resources, inc."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 9.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure no event that would be described in response to this item has occurred with respect to entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, or system energy.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 9a.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

controls and procedures disclosure controls and procedures as of december 31, 2017 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants") management, including their respective principal executive officers (peo) and principal financial officers (pfo). the evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the registrants' disclosure controls and procedures. based on the evaluations, each peo and pfo has concluded that, as to the registrant or registrants for which they serve as peo or pfo, the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each registrant in reports that it files or submits under the securities exchange act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities and exchange commission rules and forms; and that the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the registrant's or registrants'
management, including their respective peos and pfos, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
442
table of contents internal control over financial reporting
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the managements of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants") are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the registrants. each registrant's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of each registrant's financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
each registrant's management assessed the effectiveness of each registrant's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017 . in making this assessment, each registrant's management used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso) in internal control -
integrated framework. the 2013 coso framework was utilized for management's assessment.
based on each management's assessment and the criteria set forth by the 2013 coso framework, each registrant's management believes that each registrant maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017 .
the report of deloitte & touche llp, entergy corporation's independent registered public accounting firm, regarding entergy corporation's internal control over financial reporting is included herein. the report of deloitte & touche llp is not applicable to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy because these registrants are non-accelerated filers.
changes in internal controls over financial reporting under the supervision and with the participation of each registrant's management, including its respective peo and pfo, each registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended december 31, 2017 and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.
443
table of contents attestation report of registered public accounting firm report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited the internal control over financial reporting of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the
"corporation") as of december 31, 2017, based on criteria established in internal control -integrated framework
(2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso). in our opinion, the corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017, based on criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by coso.
we have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017 of the corporation and our report dated february 26, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion of those consolidated financial statements.
basis for opinion the corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in item 9a, internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the corporation in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
444

  
                                                                                                                 
                                                    part iii                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 10.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

directors and executive officers of the registrants (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
information required by this item concerning directors of entergy corporation is set forth under the heading "item
1 - election of directors" contained in the proxy statement of entergy corporation, to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held may 4, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
all officers and directors listed below held the specified positions with their respective companies as of the date of filing this report, unless otherwise noted.
name                                                age    position                                period entergy arkansas, inc.
directors richard c. riley                                     55    president and chief executive           2016-present officer of entergy arkansas director of entergy arkansas            2016-present group vice president, customer service and operations of entergy       2015-2016
arkansas vice president, transmission of         2010-2015
entergy services, inc.
see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                         corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                            corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                           corporation officers section in part i.
officers see information under the entergy a. christopher bakken, iii                                 corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy marcus v. brown                                            corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy leo p. denault                                             corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                         corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                            corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy alyson m. mount                                            corporation officers section in part i.
richard c. riley                                           see information under the entergy arkansas directors section above.
see information under the entergy andrea coughlin rowley                                     corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy donald w. vinci                                            corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                           corporation officers section in part i.
445
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc directors phillip r. may, jr.                                 55    president and chief executive officer    2013-present of entergy louisiana director of entergy louisiana            2013-present vice president, regulatory services      2002-2013
of entergy services, inc.
see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                        corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                          corporation officers section in part i.
officers see information under the entergy a. christopher bakken, iii                                corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy marcus v. brown                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy leo p. denault                                            corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                        corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                           corporation officers section in part i.
phillip r. may, jr.                                       see information under the entergy louisiana directors section above.
see information under the entergy alyson m. mount                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrea coughlin rowley                                    corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy donald w. vinci                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                          corporation officers section in part i.
entergy mississippi, inc.
directors haley r. fisackerly                             52    president and chief executive officer of     2008-present entergy mississippi director of entergy mississippi              2008-present paul d. hinnenkamp                                    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west                                      see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
446
table of contents officers marcus v. brown           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
haley r. fisackerly       see information under the entergy mississippi directors section above.
paul d. hinnenkamp        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrea coughlin rowley    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west          see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
entergy new orleans, llc directors charles l. rice, jr.                            53    president and chief executive officer of     2010-present entergy new orleans director of entergy new orleans              2010-present director, utility strategy of entergy        2009-2010
services, inc.
partner, barrasso, usdin, kupperman,         2005-2009
freeman & sarver, llc paul d. hinnenkamp                                    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west                                      see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
447
table of contents officers marcus v. brown           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
paul d. hinnenkamp        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
charles l. rice, jr.      see information under the entergy new orleans directors section above.
andrea coughlin rowley    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west          see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
entergy texas, inc.
directors sallie t. rainer                         56    president and chief executive officer of entergy    2012-present texas director of entergy texas                           2012-present vice president, federal policy of entergy           2011-2012
services, inc.
director, regulatory affairs and energy             2006-2011
settlements of entergy services, inc.
paul d. hinnenkamp                             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west                               see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
448
table of contents officers marcus v. brown           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
paul d. hinnenkamp        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
sallie t. rainer          see information under the entergy texas directors section above.
andrea coughlin rowley    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west          see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
each director and officer of the applicable entergy company is elected yearly to serve by the unanimous consent of the sole common stockholder with the exception of the directors and officers of entergy louisiana, llc and entergy new orleans, llc, who are elected yearly to serve by the unanimous consent of the sole common membership owner, entergy utility holding company, llc. entergy corporation's directors are elected annually at the annual meeting of shareholders. entergy corporation's officers are elected at the annual organizational meeting of the board of directors.
corporate governance guidelines and committee charters each of the audit, corporate governance, and personnel committees of entergy corporation's board of directors operates under a written charter. in addition, the full board has adopted corporate governance guidelines. each charter and the guidelines are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
audit committee of the entergy corporation board the following directors are members of the audit committee of entergy corporation's board of directors:
patrick j. condon (chairman)
maureen s. bateman philip l. frederickson blanche l. lincoln karen a. puckett all audit committee members are independent. in addition to the general independence requirements, all audit committee members must meet the heightened independence standards imposed by the sec and nyse. all audit committee members possess the level of financial literacy and accounting or related financial management expertise required by the nyse rules. the board has determined that each of patrick j. condon and philip l. frederickson is an "audit committee financial expert" as such term is defined by the rules of the sec.
449
table of contents code of ethics the board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for members of the board of directors. the code is available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request. the board has also adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for employees that includes special provisions relating to principal executive officer and senior financial officers. the code of business conduct and ethics for employees is to be read in conjunction with entergy's omnibus code of integrity under which entergy operates called the code of entegrity as well as system policies. all employees are expected to abide by the codes. non-bargaining employees are required to acknowledge annually that they understand and abide by the code of entegrity. the code of business conduct and ethics for employees, including any amendments or any waivers thereto, and the code of entegrity are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
source of nominations to the board of directors; nominating procedure the corporate governance committee will consider candidates identified by current directors, management, third-
party search firms engaged by the corporate governance committee and entergy corporation's shareholders.
shareholders wishing to recommend a candidate to the corporate governance committee should do so by submitting the recommendation in writing to entergy corporation's secretary at 639 loyola avenue, p.o. box 61000, new orleans, la
70161, and it will be forwarded to the corporate governance committee members for their consideration. any recommendation should include:
  the number of shares of entergy corporation stock held by the shareholder;
  the name and address of the candidate;
a brief biographical description of the candidate, including his or her occupation for at least the last
  five years, and a statement of the qualifications of the candidate, taking into account the qualification requirements discussed in the proxy statement under "corporate governance at entergy - our board structure -
identifying director candidates"; and
  the candidate's signed consent to be named in the proxy statement and to serve as a director if elected.
once the corporate governance committee receives the recommendation, it may request additional information from the candidate about the candidate's independence, qualifications, and other information that would assist the corporate governance committee in evaluating the candidate, as well as certain information that must be disclosed about the candidate in the proxy statement, if nominated. the corporate governance committee will apply the same standards in considering director candidates recommended by shareholders as it applies to other candidates.
section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance information called for by this item concerning the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in the proxy statement of entergy corporation to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held on may 4, 2018, under the heading "section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
450

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 11.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

executive compensation entergy corporation information concerning the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in the proxy statement under the headings "compensation discussion and analysis," "executive compensation tables," "nominees for the board of directors," and "non-employee director compensation," all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.
entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas compensation discussion and analysis in this section, the compensation earned by the following named executive officers in 2017 is discussed. each officer's title is provided as of december 31, 2017.
name(1)                     title a. christopher bakken, iii  executive vice president and chief nuclear officer marcus v. brown             executive vice president and general counsel leo p. denault              chairman of the board and chief executive officer haley r. fisackerly         president and chief executive officer, entergy mississippi andrew s. marsh             executive vice president and chief financial officer entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas phillip r. may, jr.         president and chief executive officer, entergy louisiana sallie t. rainer            president and chief executive officer, entergy texas charles l. rice, jr.        president and chief executive officer, entergy new orleans richard c. riley            president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas roderick k. west            group president utility operations
(1)  messrs. bakken, brown, denault, marsh, and west hold the positions referenced above as executive officers of entergy corporation and are members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive. no additional compensation was paid in 2017 to any of these officers for their service as named executive officers of the utility operating companies.
451
table of contents cd&a highlights executive compensation programs and practices entergy corporation regularly reviews its executive compensation programs to align them with commonly viewed best practices in the market and to reflect feedback from discussions with investors on executive compensation.
sound program design entergy corporation's executive compensation programs are designed to:
  pay for performance
  attract, retain, and motivate key executive officers who drive entergy corporation's success and industry leadership
  provide market compensation payout opportunities
  align with the interests of entergy corporation's long-term shareholders
  reflect best practices in the market executive compensation best practices
:
to align with compensation best practices, and in response to investor feedback, beginning with the 2018-2020 performance period, changes since 2017 annual meeting    *                                     added a cumulative utility earnings performance measure to the long-term performance incentive program supplementing the relative total shareholder return measure historically used in this program double trigger for severance what entergy corporation does        *                                     payments or equity acceleration in the event of a change in control
*                                    clawback policy that goes beyond sarbanes-oxley requirements maximum payout capped at 200% of target under the long-term
*                                    performance unit program and under the annual incentive plan for members of the office of the chief executive
*                                    minimum vesting periods for equity-based awards long-term compensation mix weighted
*                                    more toward performance units than service-based equity awards all long-term performance units
*                                    settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock
*                                    rigorous stock ownership requirements executives required to hold substantially all equity
*                                    compensation received by entergy corporation until stock ownership guidelines are met
*                                    annual say on pay vote what entergy corporation doesn't do  *                                     no 280g tax "gross up" payments in the event of a change in control no tax "gross up" payments on any executive perquisites, other than
*                                    relocation benefits available to all eligible employees, and club dues for some of the named executive officers.
*                                    no option repricing or cash buy-outs for underwater options no agreements providing for severance payments to executive
*                                    officers that exceed 2.99 times annual base salary and annual incentive awards without shareholder approval
*                                    no hedging or pledging of entergy corporation common stock
*                                    no unusual or excessive perquisites new officers are excluded from
*                                    participation in the system executive retirement plan no grants of supplemental service
*                                    credit to newly-hired officers under any of entergy corporation's non-qualified retirement plans
452
table of contents entergy corporation's pay for performance philosophy entergy corporation's executive compensation programs are based on a philosophy of pay for performance that is embodied in the design of its annual and long-term incentive plans. it believes the executive pay programs described in this section and in the accompanying tables have played a significant role in its ability to drive strong financial and operational results and to attract and retain a highly experienced and successful management team. the annual incentive plan incentivizes and rewards the achievement of financial metrics that are deemed by the personnel committee to be consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the entergy corporation board has approved for entergy corporation. the long-term incentive programs further align the interests of entergy corporation's executives and its shareholders by directly tying the value of the equity awards granted to executives under these programs to entergy corporation's stock price performance and total shareholder return. by incentivizing officers to achieve important financial and operational objectives and create long-term shareholder value, these programs play a key role in creating sustainable value for the benefit of all of entergy corporation's stakeholders, including owners, customers, employees, and communities.
incentive programs and 2017 incentive pay outcomes entergy corporation believes that the 2017 incentive pay outcomes for the named executive officers demonstrated the application of its pay for performance philosophy.
annual incentive plan awards under the executive annual incentive plan, or annual incentive plan, are tied to entergy corporation's financial and operational performance through the entergy achievement multiplier (eam), which is the performance metric used to determine the maximum funding available for awards under the plan. the 2017 eam was determined based in equal part on entergy corporation's success in achieving its consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow goals set at the beginning of the year. these goals were approved by the personnel committee based on entergy corporation's financial plan and the board's overall goals for entergy corporation and were consistent with its published earnings guidance.
2017 annual incentive plan payout.for 2017, the personnel committee, based on a recommendation of the finance committee, determined that management exceeded its consolidated operational earnings per share goal of $5.05 per share by $2.17, but fell short of its consolidated operational operating cash flow goal of
$3.000 billion by approximately $227 million. based on the targets and ranges previously established by the committee, these results resulted in a calculated eam of 129%.  this determined the maximum funding level
  for the plan and the maximum award, as a percentage of target, that could be received by any of the executive officers, subject to downward adjustment based on individual performance.  after considering individual performance, including the role played by each of the named executive officers, who are members of the office of the chief executive, in advancing entergy corporation's strategies and delivering the strong financial results in 2017, the personnel committee approved payouts of 129% of target for each of the named executive officers, who are members of the office of the chief executive.
after the eam was established to determine overall funding for the annual incentive plan, entergy corporation's chief executive officer allocated incentive award funding to individual business units based on business unit results. individual awards were determined for the named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive by their immediate supervisor based on the individual officer's key accountabilities, accomplishments, and performance. this resulted in payouts that ranged from 79% of target to 204% of target for the named executive officers who are not members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive.
long-term incentives long term incentives consist of three components to incentivize long-term value creation - performance units, stock options, and restricted stock. performance under the long-term performance unit program is measured over
453
table of contents a three-year period by assessing entergy corporation's total shareholder return in relation to the total shareholder return of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index. payouts, if any, are based on entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance in relation to its peers and are not subject to adjustment by the personnel committee. beginning with the 2018-2020 performance period, entergy corporation will be using a cumulative utility earnings measure, as well as relative total shareholder return to assess performance under the long-term performance unit program. entergy corporation also uses stock options, which reward increases in the market value of its common stock, and restricted stock, which is an effective retention mechanism.
long-term performance unit program payout.for the three-year performance period ending in 2017, entergy
  corporation's total shareholder return was in the third quartile, resulting in a payout of 31% of target for its executive officers.  payouts were made in shares of entergy corporation common stock which are required to be held by executive officers until they satisfy the executive stock ownership guidelines.
what entergy corporation pays and why how entergy corporation sets target pay to develop a competitive compensation program, the personnel committee annually reviews compensation data from two sources:
use of competitive data the personnel committee uses published and private compensation survey data to develop marketplace compensation levels for entergy corporation's executive officers. the data compiled by the committee's independent compensation consultant, pay governance llc, compare the current compensation opportunities provided to each of the executive officers against the compensation opportunities provided to executives holding similar positions at companies with corporate revenues similar to entergy corporation's. the committee reviews:
  for non-industry specific positions, general industry data for total cash compensation (base salary and annual incentive) since the market for talent is broader than the utility sector.
  for management positions that are industry-specific, such as group president, utility operations, data from utility companies for total cash compensation.
  for all positions, utility market data for long-term incentives.
the survey data reviewed by the committee cover hundreds of companies across a broad range of industries and approximately 60 investor-owned utility companies. in evaluating compensation levels against the survey data, the committee considers only the aggregated survey data. the identities of the companies participating in the compensation survey data are not disclosed to, or considered by, the committee in its decision-making process and, thus, are not considered material by the committee.
the committee uses this survey data to develop compensation opportunities that are designed to deliver total target compensation at approximately the 50th percentile of the surveyed companies in the aggregate. the survey data are the primary data used for purposes of assessing target compensation. as a result, mr. denault, entergy corporation's chief executive officer, is compensated at a higher level than the other named executive officers, reflecting market practices that compensate chief executive officers at greater potential compensation levels with more pay "at risk" than other named executive officers, due to the greater responsibilities and accountability required of a chief executive officer. in most cases, the committee considers its objectives to have been met if entergy corporation's chief executive officer and the 7 other executive officers who constitute what is referred to as the office of the chief executive each has a target compensation opportunity that falls within the range of 85%
- 115% of the 50th percentile of the survey data. promoted officers or officers who are new to their roles may be transitioned into the targeted market range over time. actual compensation received by an individual officer may be above or below the targeted range based on an individual officer's skills, performance, experience, and responsibilities, entergy corporation performance, and internal pay equity.
454
table of contents proxy analysis although the survey data described above are the primary data used in benchmarking compensation, the committee reviews data derived from the proxy statements of companies included in the philadelphia utility index as an additional point of comparison. the personnel committee identified the philadelphia utility index as the appropriate industry peer group because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are comparable to entergy corporation in terms of business and scale. the proxy data are used to compare the compensation levels of the named executive officers with the compensation levels of the corresponding top five highest paid executive officers of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index, as reported in their proxy statements. the personnel committee uses this analysis to evaluate the overall reasonableness of entergy corporation's compensation programs. the following companies were included in the philadelphia utility index at the time the proxy data from the 2016 filings were compiled:
aes corporation                     el paso electric ameren corporation                  eversource energy american electric power co. inc.    exelon corporation american water works                firstenergy corporation centerpoint energy inc.             nextera energy consolidated edison inc.            pg&e corporation dominion resources inc.             public service enterprise group, inc.
dte energy company                  southern company duke energy corporation             xcel energy edison international executive compensation elements the following table summarizes the elements of total direct compensation (tdc) granted or paid to the executive officers under entergy corporation's 2017 executive compensation program. the program uses a mix of fixed and variable compensation elements and provides alignment with both short- and long-term business goals through annual and long-term incentives. the personnel committee establishes the performance measures and ranges of performance for the variable compensation elements. an individual's award is based primarily on corporate performance, market-
based compensation levels, and individual performance.
455
table of contents element               key characteristics    why this element is    how this amount is    2017 decisions paid                   determined fixed compensation                            experience, job       all of the named component payable in   provides a base level  scope, market data,   executive officers base salary           cash.  reviewed        of competitive cash    individual            received increases in annually and adjusted  compensation for       performance, and      their base salaries when appropriate.      executive talent.      internal pay equity.  ranging from 1.5% to
7.3%.
mr. denault's target target opportunity    annual incentive is determined based   award for 2017 was on job scope, market  135% of base salary, data, and internal    and target awards pay equity.           were in the range of for 2017, awards      40% to 70% of base were determined       salary for the other based on success in   named executive variable compensation  motivate and reward    meeting consolidated  officers.
component payable in   executives for         operational earnings  strong operational annual incentive      cash based on          performance on key     per share and         and financial awards                performance against    financial and          consolidated          performance and a goals established      operational measures   operational           review of individual annually.              during the year.       operating cash flow   performance resulted targets, subject to   in an award at 129%
downward adjustment   of target for entergy at the personnel      corporation's chief committee's           executive officer, discretion for        and awards that members of the        ranged from 79% to office of the chief   204% of target for executive.            the other named executive officers.
performance unit grants for the
2017-2019 performance each performance unit                                               period represented equals one share of                                                 approximately 39% of entergy corporation's                         formulaic.  payout    target tdc for common stock.                                 based on entergy      entergy corporation's performance is                                corporation's total   chief executive measured at the end                           shareholder return    officer and of a three-year                               relative to the       approximately 21% to performance period.    focuses executive      total shareholder     31% of target for the each unit also earns   officers on building   return of the         other named executive long-term             the equivalent of the  long-term shareholder  companies in the      officers.
performance           dividends paid during  value and increases    philadelphia utility  unfavorable relative unit                  the performance        executive officers'    index.                total shareholder program               period.  performance   ownership of entergy   beginning with the    return in 2015 and units granted under    corporation common     2018-2020             2016, partially the long-term          stock.                 performance period,   offset by strong performance unit                              payouts will be       relative total program along with                            based on a            shareholder return in accrued dividend                              cumulative utility    2017, resulted in equivalents are                               earnings metric, as   performance in the settled in shares of                          well as total         third quartile with a entergy corporation                           shareholder return.   6.7% tsr for the common stock.                                                       2015-2017 performance period, yielding a payout of 31% of target for the named executive officers.
reward executives for                        stock options in 2017
absolute value                               represented non-qualified stock    creation and coupled                         approximately 13% of options are granted    with restricted stock  job scope, market     target tdc for at fair market value,  provide competitive    data, individual      entergy corporation's stock                 have a ten-year term,  compensation, retain   performance, and      chief executive options               and vest over 3 years  executive talent, and  entergy corporation   officer and
- 33 1/3% on each      increase the           performance.          approximately 7% to anniversary of the     executive officers'                          10% for the other grant date.            ownership in entergy                         named executive corporation's common                         officers.
stock.
456
table of contents coupled with stock options, align                                     restricted stock in restricted stock awards  interests of executives                            2017 represented vest over 3 years - 33   with long-term                                     approximately 13% of restricted  1/3% on each             shareholder value,       job scope, market data,   target tdc for entergy stock       anniversary of the       provide competitive      individual performance,   corporation's chief awards      grant date, have voting  compensation, retain     and entergy corporation   executive officer and rights, and accrue       executive talent, and    performance.              approximately 7% - 10%
dividends during the     increase the executive                             for the other named vesting period.          officers' ownership of                             executive officers.
entergy corporation common stock.
fixed compensation base salary the personnel committee determines the base salaries for all of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive based on competitive compensation data, performance considerations, and advice provided by the committee's independent compensation consultant. for the other named executive officers, their salaries are established by their immediate supervisors using the same criteria. the committee also considers internal pay equity; however, the committee has not established any predetermined formula against which the base salary of one named executive officer is measured against another officer or employee.
in 2017, all of the named executive officers received merit increases in their base salaries ranging from approximately 1.5% to 7.3%. the increases in base salary were based on the market data previously discussed in this cd&a under "what entergy corporation pays and why - how entergy corporation sets target pay," as well as an internal pay equity comparison.
the following table sets forth the 2016 and 2017 base salaries for the named executive officers. changes in base salaries for 2017 were effective in april 2017.
named executive officer       2016 base salary    2017 base salary a. christopher bakken, iii            $605,000            $620,125
marcus v. brown                       $605,000            $630,000
leo p. denault                      $1,200,000          $1,230,000
haley r. fisackerly                   $350,000            $355,300
andrew s. marsh                       $559,408            $600,000
phillip r. may, jr.                   $356,650            $366,150
sallie t. rainer                      $319,475            $328,275
charles l. rice, jr.                  $280,424            $286,424
richard c. riley                      $335,000            $344,200
roderick k. west                      $659,120            $675,598
variable compensation short-term incentive compensation annual incentive plan entergy corporation includes performance-based incentives in the named executive officers' compensation packages because it believes performance-based incentives encourage the named executive officers to pursue objectives consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the board has approved for entergy corporation. the eam is the performance metric used to determine the maximum percentage of target annual plan opportunities that will be paid each year to each named executive officer who are members of the office of the chief executive under the annual incentive plan. once the eam has been determined, individual awards for the office of the chief
457
table of contents executive members may be adjusted downward, but not upward, from the eam at the personnel committee's discretion, based on individual performance and other factors deemed relevant by the personnel committee. for 2017, the target annual incentive plan opportunities for each of the named executive officers, expressed as a percentage of the officer's base salary, were:
  135% for mr. denault;
  70% for mr. bakken, mr. brown, mr. marsh, and mr. west;
  60% for mr. may; and
  40% for mr. fisackerly, ms. rainer, mr. rice, and mr. riley.
the target opportunities established for these officers were comparable to the target opportunities historically set for these positions and levels of responsibility. target opportunities for the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive are established by the personnel committee, and these named executive officers may earn a maximum payout ranging from 0% to 200% of their target opportunity, calculated as described in the table below.
target award opportunities are set based on an executive officer's position and executive management level within the entergy organization. executive management levels at entergy corporation range from level 1 through level 4. at december 31, 2017, mr. denault held a level 1 position, messrs. bakken, brown, marsh, and west held positions in level 2, mr. may held a level 3 position, and the remaining named executive officers held positions in level 4.
accordingly, their respective incentive award opportunities differ from one another based on their management level and the external market data developed by the committee's independent compensation consultant.
each year the personnel committee reviews the performance measures used to determine the eam pool. in december
2016, the personnel committee decided to retain consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow, each measure weighted equally, as the performance measures for determining the eam pool. the committee considered a variety of other potential measures, but determined that consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow continued to be the best metrics to use because, among other things, they are objective measures that entergy corporation's investors consider to be important in evaluating its financial performance and because entergy corporation's goals in that regard are broadly communicated both internally and externally. this provides both discipline and transparency that the committee believes are important objectives of any well designed incentive compensation plan.
the personnel committee also engages in a rigorous process each year to establish the target achievement levels for each of the eam performance measures with a goal of establishing target achievement levels that are consistent with entergy corporation's strategy and business objectives for the upcoming year, as reflected in its financial plan, and sufficient to drive results that represent a high level of achievement, taking into consideration the applicable business environment and specific challenges facing it. these targets are approved based on a comprehensive review by the full board of entergy corporation's financial plan, conducted in december of the preceding year and updated in january to reflect the most current information concerning changes in commodity market conditions and other key drivers of anticipated changes in performance from the preceding year. the committee also reviews the effects on plan results of various risks and opportunities that are recognized at the time the plan is set, to assure that targets that are determined based on the plan reflect an appropriate balance of risks and opportunities. the committee further confirms that the earnings target it approves is aligned with the earnings guidance that will be communicated to the financial markets, thus ensuring that the internal earnings target set for purposes of entergy corporation's incentive compensation plans is aligned with the external expectations set and communicated to entergy corporation's shareholders.
in january 2017, after full board review of management's 2017 financial plan for entergy corporation and engaging in the process discussed above, the committee determined the annual incentive plan targets to be used for purposes of determining annual incentive plan awards for 2017. in keeping with its past practice, the committee also determined that for purposes of measuring performance against such targets, the committee would exclude the effect on reported results of any major storms that may occur during the year. this exclusion was viewed by the committee
458
table of contents as appropriate because although entergy corporation includes estimates for storm costs in its financial plan, it does not include estimates for a major storm event, such as a hurricane. the committee also approved exclusions from reported results, for purposes of calculating achievement levels, for the impact of certain longstanding unresolved litigation relating to the system agreement among the utility operating companies, and for the potential effects of changes in tax laws, given the possibility that significant unanticipated changes in tax laws might be enacted during the year that could impact reported results. the committee believed that each of these adjustments was appropriate because of the significant uncertainty around each such item and management's inability to influence any of the related outcomes.
in determining the targets to set for 2017, the committee reviewed anticipated drivers for consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow for 2017 as set forth in entergy corporation's financial plan and as reflected in its published earnings guidance. under the plan, consolidated operational earnings per share were expected to decline from 2016 results due primarily to the significant impact on 2016
operational results of certain tax benefits and, to a lesser extent, favorable weather, which were not anticipated to recur in 2017. together, these factors accounted for $2.06 of consolidated operational earnings per share for
2016. under the plan, consolidated operational operating cash flow was expected to increase slightly in 2017 from
2016 results.
in evaluating the proposed targets, the committee considered the potential impact on consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow of certain risks and opportunities, including differences in wholesale energy prices and capacity factors at entergy wholesale commodities, utility sales, operations and maintenance costs, interest expense, and certain tax and regulatory risks. this evaluation indicated that there was significantly more downside risk than upside opportunity in the targets and, as a result, that there was a reasonable degree of challenge embedded in the targets.
after adjusting to eliminate the impact of weather and tax benefits, the 2017 plan targets required management to achieve (i) slight growth in utility operational earnings despite higher nuclear and pension costs and the absence of certain favorable items from 2016 and (ii) modest growth in entergy wholesale commodities operational earnings, despite an expectation for further declines in wholesale energy and capacity revenues due in part to the sale of fitzpatrick in the first quarter of 2017. while the resulting earnings target represented a decline from 2016
operational results, the committee recognized that in addition to the favorable weather and tax items that were not expected to recur in 2017, management would be challenged in 2017 by significantly higher nuclear costs as they executed on its nuclear strategic plan. thus, the committee concluded, based on a careful review of the overall plan, that the targets derived from the plan challenged management appropriately to deliver growth in entergy corporation's core business while continuing to manage the significant risks at entergy wholesale commodities and represented an appropriate balancing of entergy corporation's business risks and opportunities for 2017.
the following table shows the resulting annual incentive plan targets established by the personnel committee in january 2017, and 2017 results:
annual incentive plan targets and results performance goals(1)
minimum                target  maximum  2017 results consolidated operational earnings per      $4.55                 $5.05    $5.55         $7.22
share consolidated operational operating cash   $2.600                $3.000   $3.400        $2.773
flow ($ billion)
eam as % of target                           25%                  100%     200%          129%
payouts for performance between minimum and target achievement levels and between target and maximum
(1)  levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation.  there is no payout for performance below minimum.
459
table of contents in january 2018, the finance and personnel committees jointly reviewed entergy corporation's financial results against the performance objectives reflected in the table above. management discussed with the committees the consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow results for 2017, including primary factors explaining how those results compared to the 2017 business plan and annual incentive plan targets. consolidated operational earnings per share exceeded the operational earnings per share goal of $5.05 per share set at the beginning of the year by $2.17, due in large part to a non-cash restructuring tax benefit, but management fell short of achieving its consolidated operational operating cash flow goal of $3.000 billion by approximately $227 million, leading to a calculated eam of 129%. operational results excluded the impact of certain special items that were excluded from as-reported (gaap) earnings per share and operating cash flow to determine consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow, including asset impairments and related write-offs at entergy wholesale commodities related to entergy corporation's 2016 decision to close two nuclear generating plants, and certain costs associated with nuclear plant closings, and charges recorded at the end of 2017 relating to the impact of recently enacted federal income tax law changes. consistent with determinations made by the personnel committee when the targets were set, adjustments were made to the reported results to exclude the impact of hurricane harvey and the resolution of certain longstanding system agreement litigation, but these adjustments had only a negligible impact on the calculated eam.
the committee reviewed certain sensitivities as part of its review of the calculation of the eam and noted that entergy corporation far exceeded its consolidated operational earnings per share goal in 2017, as noted, due in large part to a restructuring tax benefit, partially offset by unfavorable weather at the utility, and that unfavorable weather at the utility also accounted for approximately $128 million of the $227 million shortfall in consolidated operational operating cash flow. had the eam been calculated to exclude both the impact of the restructuring tax benefit and unfavorable weather, the calculated eam would have been 140%. this indicated that the underlying performance of the core business, without regard to the impact of tax items and weather, was significantly stronger than implied by the calculated eam. however, consistent with the plan design, the personnel committee did not make any adjustments for these factors to the consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow results to determine the eam for 2017. the committee also noted that its utility, parent, and other adjusted earnings of $4.57 per share for 2017 were slightly above the high end of the guidance range entergy corporation had provided to investors at the beginning of the year for this extremely important measure of its core utility earnings.
in determining individual executive officer awards under the annual incentive plan, for entergy corporation's chief executive officers and the named executive officers, who are members of the office of the chief executive, the committee considered individual performance and, in particular, whether there were additional factors beyond those captured by the eam measures that should be taken into account in determining whether to exercise negative discretion to reduce awards below the levels determined by the eam. in determining the extent of negative discretion, if any, that it would exercise with respect to each executive officer, the committee considered the executive's key accountabilities and accomplishments, and individual performance executing on entergy corporation's strategies in 2017. based on these considerations, the committee decided to award a payout equal to the eam, or
129% of target, for entergy corporation's chief executive officer and the other named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive.
after the eam was established to determine overall funding for the annual incentive plan, entergy corporation's chief executive officer allocated incentive award funding to individual business units based on business unit results. individual awards were determined for the remaining named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive by their immediate supervisor based on the individual officer's key accountabilities, accomplishments, and performance. this resulted in payouts that ranged from 79% of target to 204% of target for the named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive.
460
table of contents based on the foregoing evaluation of management performance, the personnel committee approved the following annual incentive plan payouts to each named executive officer for 2017:
named executive officer    base salary  target as percentage of     payout as percentage of         2017 annual base salary                 target                      incentive award a. christopher bakken,        $620,125  70%                         129%                               $559,973
iii marcus v. brown               $630,000  70%                         129%                               $568,890
leo p. denault              $1,230,000  135%                        129%                             $2,142,045
haley r. fisackerly           $355,300  40%                         119%                               $169,123
andrew s. marsh               $600,000  70%                         129%                               $541,800
phillip r. may, jr.           $366,150  60%                         137%                               $300,000
sallie t. rainer              $328,275  40%                         119%                               $156,259
charles l. rice, jr.          $286,424  40%                         79%                                 $91,000
richard c. riley              $344,200  40%                         204%                               $280,661
roderick k. west              $675,598  70%                         129%                               $610,065
nuclear retention plan mr. bakken participates in the nuclear retention plan, a retention plan for officers and other leaders with expertise in the nuclear industry. the personnel committee authorized this plan to attract and retain key management and employee talent in the nuclear power field, a field that requires unique technical and other expertise that is in great demand in the utility industry. the plan provides for bonuses to be paid annually over a three-year employment period with the bonus opportunity dependent on the participant's management level and continued employment. each annual payment is equal to an amount ranging from 15% to 30% of the employee's base salary as of their date of enrollment in the plan. mr. bakken's participation in the plan commenced in may 2016 and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plan, in may 2017, 2018, and 2019, subject to his continued employment, mr. bakken will receive a cash bonus equal to 30% of his base salary as of may 1, 2016. this plan does not allow for accelerated or prorated payout upon termination of any kind. the three-year coverage period and percentage of base salary payable under the plan are consistent with the terms of participation of other senior nuclear officers who participate in this plan. in may 2017, mr. bakken received a cash bonus of $181,500 which equaled 30% of his may 1, 2016, base salary of $605,000.
long-term incentive compensation entergy corporation's goal for its long-term incentive compensation is to focus the executive officers on building shareholder value and to increase the executive officers' ownership of entergy corporation's common stock in order to more closely align their interest with those of entergy corporation's shareholders. in its long-term incentive compensation programs, entergy corporation uses a mix of performance units, restricted stock, and stock options.
performance units are used to deliver more than a majority of the total target long-term incentive awards. for periods through the end of 2017, performance units reward the named executive officers on the basis of total shareholder return, which is a measure of stock price appreciation and dividend payments, in relation to the companies in the philadelphia utility index. beginning with the 2018-2020 performance period, a cumulative utility earnings metric has been added to the long-term performance unit program to supplement the relative total shareholder return measure that historically has been used in this program with each measure equally weighted.
restricted stock ties the executive officers' long-term financial interest to the long-term financial interests of entergy corporation's shareholders. stock options provide a direct incentive to increase the value of entergy corporation's common stock. in general, entergy corporation seeks to allocate the total value of long-term incentive compensation 60% to performance units and 40% to a combination of stock options and restricted stock, equally divided in value, based on the value the compensation model seeks to deliver. awards for individual named executive officers may vary from this target as a result of individual performance, promotions, and internal pay equity.
the performance units for the 2015-2017 performance period were awarded under the 2011 equity ownership plan and long-term cash incentive plan (the "2011 equity ownership plan") and the performance units for the
461

2016-2018 and 2017-2019 performance periods and all of the shares of restricted stock and stock options granted to the named executive officers in 2017 were granted pursuant to the 2015 equity ownership plan (the "2015 equity ownership plan," and together with the 2011 equity ownership plan (the "equity ownership plans"). the equity ownership plans require both a change in control and an involuntary job loss or substantial diminution of duties (a
"double trigger") for the acceleration of these awards upon a change in control.
performance unit program entergy corporation issues performance unit awards to the named executive officers under its long-term performance unit program. each performance unit represents the value of one share of entergy corporation common stock at the end of the three-year performance period, plus dividends accrued during the performance period. the personnel committee sets payout opportunities for the program at the outset of each performance period, and the program is structured to reward named executive officers only if performance goals approved by the personnel committee are met. the personnel committee has no discretion to make awards if minimum performance goals are not achieved.
the performance units granted under the long-term performance unit program and accrued dividends on any shares earned during the performance period are settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock rather than cash. no shares are issued, including shares attributable to accrued dividends, unless performance goals are achieved. all shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program are required to be retained by the officers until applicable executive stock ownership requirements are met.
the long-term performance unit program specifies a minimum, target, and maximum achievement level, the achievement of which will determine the number of performance units that may be earned by each participant. entergy corporation measures performance by assessing entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder return of the companies in the philadelphia utility index, which entergy corporation refers to as it peer companies. the personnel committee identified the philadelphia utility index as the appropriate industry peer group for this purpose because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are comparable to entergy corporation in terms of business and scale. the personnel committee chose relative total shareholder return as a measure of performance because it reflects entergy corporation's creation of shareholder value relative to other electric utilities over the performance period. it also takes into account dividends paid by the companies in this index and normalizes certain events that affect the industry as a whole. minimum, target, and maximum performance levels are determined by reference to the ranking of entergy corporation's total shareholder return against the total shareholder return of the companies in the philadelphia utility index.
performance unit program grants . at any given time, a participant in the long-term performance unit program may be participating in up to three performance periods. during 2017, eligible participants were participating in the
2015-2017, 2016-2018, and 2017-2019 performance periods. subject to achievement of the applicable performance levels as described below, the personnel committee established the following target performance unit payout opportunities for each of the 2015-2017, 2016-2018, and 2017-2019 performance periods.
462
table of contents named executive officer        2015-2017  2016-2018  2017-2019
target     target     target a. christopher bakken, iii(1)      3,639      7,289      8,300
marcus v. brown                    6,550      8,200      8,300
leo p. denault                    33,100     41,700     48,700
haley r. fisackerly                1,450      1,800      1,850
andrew s. marsh                    6,550      8,200      8,300
phillip r. may, jr.                2,050      2,700      3,150
sallie t. rainer                   1,450      1,800      1,850
charles l. rice, jr.               1,450      1,800      1,850
richard c. riley                   1,450      1,800      1,850
roderick k. west                   6,550      8,200      8,300
(1)  asa new hire in 2016, mr. bakken received pro-rated target award opportunities for the 2015-2017 and
2016-2018 performance periods.
the range of potential payouts for the 2015-2017, 2016-2018, and 2017-2019 performance periods under the program is shown below.
performance level         zero             minimum                          target             maximum total shareholder return  fourth quartile  bottom of third quartile         median percentile  top quartile payout                    no payout        minimum payout of 25% of target  100% of target     200% of target for all performance periods, there is no payout for performance that falls within the lowest quartile of performance of the peer companies, and for top quartile performance a maximum payout of 200% of target is earned.
payouts between minimum and target and between target and maximum are calculated by interpolating between the performance of the company at the top of the fourth quartile of performance of the peer companies and the median or between the median and the performance of the company at the bottom position of the top quartile of performance of the peer companies, respectively.
payout for the 2015-2017 performance period . in january 2018, the committee reviewed entergy corporation's total shareholder return for the 2015-2017 performance period in order to determine the payout to participants. the committee compared entergy corporation's total shareholder return against the total shareholder return of the companies that comprise the philadelphia utility index, with the performance measures and range of potential payouts for the 2015-2017 performance period similar to that discussed above. as recommended by the finance committee, the personnel committee concluded that entergy corporation's relative total shareholder return for the
2015-2017 performance period fell in the bottom of the third quartile, yielding a payout of 31% of target for the named executive officers.
463
table of contents named executive officer    2015-2017  number of shares issued   value of shares actually  grant date fair value target                                           issued(1)
a. christopher bakken,         3,639                    1,212                    $95,154               $360,334
iii(2)
marcus v. brown                6,550                    2,287                   $179,552               $648,581
leo p. denault                33,100                   11,554                   $907,105             $3,277,562
haley r. fisackerly            1,450                      506                    $39,726               $143,579
andrew s. marsh                6,550                    2,287                   $179,552               $648,581
phillip r. may, jr.            2,050                      716                    $56,213               $202,991
sallie t. rainer               1,450                      506                    $39,726               $143,579
charles l. rice, jr.           1,450                      506                    $39,726               $143,579
richard c. riley               1,450                      506                    $39,726               $143,579
roderick k. west               6,550                    2,287                   $179,552               $648,581
(1)  value determined based on the closing price of entergy corporation's common stock on january 17, 2018
($78.51), the date the personnel committee certified the 2015-2017 performance period results.
(2)  as a new hire in 2016, mr. bakken received pro-rated target award opportunities for the 2015-2017
performance period.
stock options and restricted stock entergy corporation grants stock options and restricted stock as a long-term incentive to its executive officers.
as previously discussed, the personnel committee considers several factors in determining the number of stock options and shares of restricted stock it will grant to the named executive officers, including entergy corporation and individual performance, internal pay equity, prevailing market practice, targeted long-term value created by the use of stock options and restricted stock, and the potential dilutive effect of stock option and restricted stock grants. of these factors, the committee's assessment of individual performance of each named executive officer is the most important factor in determining the number of shares of restricted stock and stock options awarded, except with respect to the chief executive officer for whom comparative market data is the most important factor. the committee, in consultation with entergy corporation's chief executive officer, reviews each of the other named executive officer's performance, role and responsibilities, strengths, and developmental opportunities.
stock option and restricted stock awards for entergy corporation's chief executive officer are determined solely by the personnel committee on the basis of the same considerations.
the following table sets forth the number of stock options and shares of restricted stock granted to each named executive officer in 2017. the exercise price for each option was $70.53, which was the closing price of entergy corporation's common stock on the date of grant.
named executive officer     stock options  shares of restricted stock a. christopher bakken, iii         37,600                       5,200
marcus v. brown                    44,000                       6,100
leo p. denault                    179,400                      17,000
haley r. fisackerly                 7,600                         850
andrew s. marsh                    44,000                       6,100
phillip r. may, jr.                10,500                       1,100
sallie t. rainer                    7,800                         900
charles l. rice, jr.                3,900                         550
richard c. riley                    8,000                       1,000
roderick k. west                   29,200                       3,200
464
table of contents benefits and perquisites entergy corporation's named executive officers are eligible to participate in or receive the following benefits:
description entergy corporation-sponsored:
entergy retirement plan- a tax-qualified final average pay defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired before july 1, 2014.
cash balance plan- a tax-qualified cash balance defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired on or after july 1, 2014.
pension equalization plan- a non-qualified pension restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the entergy retirement plan.
cash balance equalization plan- a non-qualified restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the cash balance plan.
system executive retirement plan- a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for individuals who became executive officers before july 1, 2014.
plan type                  see the 2017 pension benefits table for additional information regarding the retirement plans           operation of the plans described above.

savings plan               entergy corporation-sponsored 401(k) savings plan that covers a broad group of employees.
medical, dental, and vision coverage, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, business travel accident insurance, and long-term disability insurance.
health & welfare benefits  eligibility, coverage levels, potential employee contributions, and other plan design features are the same for the named executive officers as for the broad employee population.
corporate aircraft usage, annual physical exams, relocation assistance, and event tickets.  the office of the chief executive members do not receive tax gross ups on any benefits, except for relocation assistance.named executive officers who are not
2017 perquisites           members of the office of the chief executive also were provided in 2017 with club dues and tax gross up payments on some perquisites.for additional information regarding perquisites, see the "all other compensation" column in the 2017 summary compensation table.
the named executive officers are eligible to defer up to 100% of their base salary deferred compensation      and annual incentive plan awards into an entergy corporation-sponsored executive deferred compensation plan.
eligible individuals who become disabled under the terms of the plan are eligible executive disability plan  for 65% of the difference between their annual base salary and $276,923 (i.e. the annual base salary that produces the maximum $15,000 monthly disability payment under the general long-term disability plan).
entergy corporation provides these benefits to its named executive officers as part of providing a competitive executive compensation program and because it believes that these benefits are important retention and recruitment tools since many of the companies with which it competes for executive talent provide similar arrangements to their senior executive officers.
465
table of contents compensation arrangements the personnel committee believes that retention and transitional compensation arrangements are an important part of overall compensation. the committee believes that these arrangements help to secure the continued employment and dedication of the named executive officers, notwithstanding any concern that they might have at the time of a change in control regarding their own continued employment. in addition, the committee believes that these arrangements are important as recruitment and retention devices, as many of the companies with which entergy corporation competes for executive talent have similar arrangements in place for their senior employees.
to achieve these objectives, entergy corporation has established a system executive continuity plan under which each of the named executive officers is entitled to receive "change in control" payments and benefits if such officer's employment is involuntarily terminated in connection with a change in control of entergy corporation and its subsidiaries. severance payments under the system executive continuity plan generally are based on a multiple of the sum of an executive officer's annual base salary plus his or her average annual incentive plan award for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which the termination of employment occurs. under entergy corporation's policy, under no circumstances can this multiple exceed 2.99 times the sum of the executive officer's annual base salary and his or her annual incentive, calculated in accordance with this policy. entergy corporation strives to ensure that the benefits and payment levels under the system executive continuity plan are consistent with market practices. entergy corporation's executive officers, including the named executive officers, will not receive any tax gross up payments on any severance benefits received under this plan. for more information regarding the system executive continuity plan, see "2017 potential payments upon termination or change in control-
system executive continuity plan."
in certain cases, the committee may approve the execution of a retention agreement with an individual executive officer. these decisions are made on a case by case basis to reflect specific retention needs or other factors, including market practice. if a retention agreement is entered into with an individual officer, the committee considers the economic value associated with that agreement in making overall compensation decisions for that officer. entergy corporation has voluntarily adopted a policy that any employment or severance agreements providing severance benefits in excess of 2.99 times the sum of an officer's annual base salary and annual incentive award
(other than the value of the vesting or payment of an outstanding equity-based award or the pro rata vesting or payment of an outstanding long-term incentive award) must be approved by entergy corporation's shareholders.
entergy corporation currently has a retention agreement with mr. denault. in general, mr. denault's retention agreement provides for certain payments and benefits in the event of his termination of employment by his entergy employer other than for cause, by mr. denault for good reason or on account of his death or disability. see "2017
potential payments upon termination or change in control - mr. denault's 2006 retention agreement." because mr.
denault has reached age 55, certain severance payment provisions in his retention agreement no longer apply. mr.
denault will not receive tax gross up payments on any payments or benefits he may receive under his agreement. mr.
denault's retention agreement was entered into in 2006 when he was entergy corporation's chief financial officer and was designed to reflect the competition for chief financial officer talent in the marketplace at that time and the committee's assessment of the critical role this position played in executing entergy corporation's long-term financial and other strategic objectives. based on the market data provided by its former independent compensation consultant, the committee, at the time the agreement was entered into, believed the benefits and payment levels under mr. denault's retention agreement were consistent with market practices.
466
table of contents compensation policies and practices entergy corporation strives to ensure that its compensation philosophy and practices are in line with the best practices of companies in its industry as well as other companies in the s&p 500. some of these practices include the following:
clawback provisions entergy corporation has adopted a clawback policy that covers all individuals subject to section 16 of the securities exchange act of 1934 (the exchange act), including the members of the office of the chief executive.
under the policy, which goes beyond the requirements of sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (sarbanes-oxley), the committee will require reimbursement of incentives paid to these executive officers where:
(i) the payment was predicated upon the achievement of certain financial results with respect to the applicable performance period that were subsequently determined to be the subject of a material restatement
  other than a restatement due to changes in accounting policy; or (ii) a material miscalculation of a performance award occurs, whether or not the financial statements were restated and, in either such case, a lower payment would have been made to the executive officer based upon the restated financial results or correct calculation; or in the board of directors' view, the executive officer engaged in fraud that caused or partially caused the
  need for a restatement or caused a material miscalculation of a performance award, in each case, whether or not the financial statements were restated.
the amount the committee requires to be reimbursed is equal to the excess of the gross incentive payment made over the gross payment that would have been made if the original payment had been determined based on the restated financial results or correct calculation. further, following a material restatement of entergy corporation's financial statements, it will seek to recover any compensation received by its chief executive officer and chief financial officer that is required to be reimbursed under sarbanes-oxley.
stock ownership guidelines and share retention requirements for many years, entergy corporation has had stock ownership guidelines for executives, including the named executive officers. these guidelines are designed to align the executives' long-term financial interests with those of shareholders. annually, the personnel committee monitors the executive officers' compliance with these guidelines.
entergy corporation's ownership guidelines are as follows:
role                       value of common stock to be owned chief executive officer    6 times base salary executive vice presidents  3 times base salary senior vice presidents     2 times base salary vice presidents            1 time base salary further, to ensure compliance with the guidelines, until an executive officer satisfies the stock ownership guidelines, the officer must retain:
  all net after-tax shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program;
  all net after-tax shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units received upon vesting; and at least 75% of the after-tax net shares received upon the exercise of entergy corporation stock options, except for stock options granted before january 1, 2014, as to which the executive officer must retain at least 75% of the after-tax net shares until the earlier of achievement of the stock ownership guidelines or
  five years from the date of exercise.

467
table of contents trading controls and anti-pledging and anti-hedging policies executive officers, including the named executive officers, are required to receive the permission of entergy corporation's general counsel prior to entering into any transaction involving entergy corporation securities, including gifts, other than the exercise of employee stock options. trading is generally permitted only during specified open trading windows beginning immediately following the release of earnings. employees, who are subject to trading restrictions, including the named executive officers, may enter into trading plans under rule 10b5-1 of the exchange act, but these trading plans may be entered into only during an open trading window and must be approved by entergy corporation. the named executive officer bears full responsibility if he or she violates the policy by permitting shares to be bought or sold without pre-approval or when trading is restricted.
entergy corporation also prohibits its directors and executive officers, including the named executive officers, from pledging any entergy corporation securities or entering into margin accounts involving entergy corporation securities. these transactions are prohibited because of the potential that sales of entergy corporation securities could occur outside trading periods and without the required approval of the general counsel.
entergy corporation has also adopted an anti-hedging policy that prohibits officers, directors, and employees from entering into hedging or monetization transactions involving entergy corporation common stock. prohibited transactions include, without limitation, zero-cost collars, forward sale contracts, purchase or sale of options, puts, calls, straddles or equity swaps or other derivatives that are directly linked to entergy corporation's common stock or transactions involving "short-sales" of entergy corporation's common stock. the board adopted this policy to require officers, directors, and employees to continue to own entergy corporation's common stock with the full risks and rewards of ownership, thereby ensuring continued alignment of their objectives with those of entergy corporation's other shareholders.
how entergy corporation makes compensation decisions role of the personnel committee the personnel committee has overall responsibility for approving the compensation program for the named executive officers and makes all final compensation decisions regarding entergy corporation's named executive officers. the committee works with entergy corporation's executive management to ensure that the compensation policies and practices are consistent with its values and support the successful recruitment, development, and retention of executive talent so that entergy corporation can achieve its business objectives and optimize its long-term financial returns. annually, management presents the personnel committee with the proposed compensation model for the following year, including the compensation elements, mix of elements, and measures for each element, and consults with entergy corporation's chief executive officer on recommended compensation for senior executives. the committee evaluates executive pay each year to ensure that entergy corporation's compensation policies and practices are consistent with its philosophy. the personnel committee is responsible for, among its other duties, the following actions related to the named executive officers:
  developing and implementing compensation policies and programs for hiring, evaluating, and setting compensation for executive officers, including any employment agreement with an executive officer;
  evaluating the performance of entergy corporation's chairman and chief executive officer; and
  reporting, at least annually, to the board on succession planning, including succession planning for the chief executive officer.
role of the chief executive officer the personnel committee solicits recommendations from entergy corporation's chief executive officer with respect to compensation decisions for the other named executive officers who are members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive. entergy corporation's chief executive officer provides the personnel committee with an assessment of the performance of each of these named executive officers and recommends compensation levels to be awarded to each of them. in addition, the committee may request that the chief executive
468
table of contents officer provide management feedback and recommendations on changes in the design of compensation programs, such as special retention plans or changes in incentive program structure. however, the chief executive officer does not play any role with respect to any matter affecting his own compensation, nor does he have any role determining or recommending the amount or form of director compensation. the personnel committee also relies on the recommendations of entergy corporation's senior vice president, human resources with respect to compensation decisions, policies, and practices.
the chief executive officer may attend meetings of the personnel committee only at the invitation of the chair of the personnel committee and cannot call a meeting of the committee. since he is not a member of the committee, he has no vote on matters submitted to the committee. during 2017, mr. denault attended 9 meetings of the personnel committee.
role of the compensation consultant entergy corporation's personnel committee has the sole authority for the appointment, compensation, and oversight of its outside compensation consultant. the committee conducts an annual review of the compensation consultant, and in 2017, it retained pay governance llc as its independent compensation consultant to assist it in, among other things, evaluating different compensation programs and developing market data to assess entergy corporation's compensation programs. also in 2017, the corporate governance committee retained pay governance to review and perform a competitive analysis of non-employee director compensation.
during 2017, pay governance assisted the committee with its responsibilities related to entergy corporation's compensation programs for its executives. the committee directed pay governance to: (i) regularly attend meetings of the committee; (ii) conduct studies of competitive compensation practices; (iii) identify entergy corporation's market surveys and proxy peer group; (iv) review base salary, annual incentives, and long-term incentive compensation opportunities relative to competitive practices; and (v) develop conclusions and recommendations related to the executive compensation programs for consideration by the committee. a senior consultant from pay governance attended all personnel committee meetings to which he was invited in 2017.
compensation consultant independence to maintain the independence of the personnel committee's compensation consultant, the board has adopted a policy that any consultant (including its affiliates) retained by the board of directors or any committee of the board of directors to provide advice or recommendations on the amount or form of executive or director compensation should not be retained by entergy corporation or any of its affiliates to provide other services in an aggregate amount that exceeds $120,000 in any year. in 2017, the personnel committee's independent compensation consultant, pay governance, did not provide any services to entergy corporation other than its services to the personnel committee and the corporate governance committee in connection with entergy corporation's non-employee director compensation program. annually, the committee reviews the relationship with its compensation consultant, including services provided, quality of those services, and fees associated with services in its evaluation of the executive compensation consultant's independence. the committee also assesses pay governance's independence under nyse rules and has concluded that no conflict of interests exists that would prevent pay governance from independently advising the personnel committee.
tax and accounting considerations section 162(m) of the internal revenue code (the code) limits the tax deductibility by a publicly-held corporation of compensation in excess of $1 million paid to the chief executive officer and any of its other section 162(m)
covered employees. historically, an exception was provided for compensation that was "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of section 162(m). effective as of january 1, 2018, this exception no longer applies, other than with respect to certain grandfathered arrangements. in structuring the compensation packages that are provided to the named executive officers, the personnel committee takes into account the tax effects of section 162(m) and considers the financial accounting consequences. however, the personnel committee and the board believe that it is in the best interest of entergy corporation that the personnel committee retains the discretion
469
table of contents to make compensation awards, whether or not deductible. this flexibility is necessary to foster achievement of performance goals established by the personnel committee, as well as other corporate goals that the committee deems important to entergy corporation's success, such as encouraging employee retention and rewarding achievement of key corporate goals.
personnel committee report the personnel committee report included in the entergy corporation proxy statement is incorporated by reference, but will not be deemed to be "filed" in this annual report on form 10-k. none of the subsidiaries has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. the board of directors of each of the subsidiaries is comprised of individuals who are officers or employees of entergy corporation or one of the subsidiaries. these boards do not make determinations regarding the compensation paid to executive officers of the subsidiaries.
470
table of contents executive compensation tables
2017 summary compensation tables the following table summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2017, and to the extent required by sec executive compensation disclosure rules, the fiscal years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. for information on the principal positions held by each of the named executive officers, see item 10, "directors and executive officers of the registrants."
the compensation set forth in the table represents the aggregate compensation paid by all entergy system companies.
for additional information regarding the material terms of the awards reported in the following tables, including a general description of the formula or criteria to be applied in determining the amounts payable, see "compensation discussion and analysis."
(a)          -b          -c          -d          -e          -f          -g          -h          -i          -j change in name                                                               non-equ...     pension and                                           stock      option    incenti...       value princi...    year      salary       bonus      awards      awards        plan         and    allothe...       total positi...                 (2)         (3)         (4)         (5)    compen-...    non-qua...         (8)
(1)                                                                     (6)    deferred compen-...
earnings
(7)
a.
christ...    2017    $615,791    $181,500    $959,376    $245,904    $559,973     $33,000    $114,494    $2,710,...
bakken, iii chief nuclear officer    2016    $426,990    $650,000    $3,292,...          $-    $529,375     $27,900    $140,601    $5,067,...
of entergy corp.
marcus v.         2017    $622,788          $-    $1,022,...    $287,760    $568,890    $1,217,...     $43,269    $3,762,...
brown general counsel of         2016    $563,208          $-    $1,144,...    $333,000    $550,550    $934,600     $34,381    $3,560,...
entergy corp.
leo p.     2017    $1,221,...          $-    $4,676,...    $1,173,...    $2,142,...    $3,819,...    $125,863    $13,158...
denault chairm...    2016    $1,191,...          $-    $4,632,...    $1,235,...    $2,154,...    $4,166,...     $97,786    $13,478...
of the board and ceo    2015    $1,153,...          $-    $4,356,...    $1,004,...    $1,681,...    $4,802,...     $88,795    $13,086...

entergy corp.
haley r.         2017    $354,451          $-    $192,041     $49,704    $169,123    $406,300     $35,724    $1,207,...
fisack...
ceo -      2016    $320,067          $-    $229,752     $49,580    $168,000    $268,600     $34,243    $1,070,...
entergy missis...    2015    $320,131          $-    $219,994     $51,345    $190,000    $102,300     $43,987    $927,757
andrew s.         2017    $588,291          $-    $1,022,...    $287,760    $541,800    $801,900     $51,647    $3,294,...
marsh execut...    2016    $553,284          $-    $1,144,...    $333,000    $509,061    $593,700     $47,484    $3,181,...
vice presid...
and cfo    2015    $532,245          $-    $2,600,...    $273,840    $508,308    $670,200     $39,131    $4,624,...

entergy corp., entergy arkans...
entergy louisi...
entergy missis...
entergy new orlean...
entergy texas phillip r. may,    2017    $363,410          $-    $302,493     $68,670    $300,000    $503,400     $26,981    $1,564,...
jr.
ceo -      2016    $353,690          $-    $326,988     $71,040    $224,690    $600,000     $26,018    $1,602,...
entergy louisi...    2015    $344,035          $-    $279,406     $57,050    $315,000    $288,100     $25,970    $1,309,...
471

(a)          -b          -c    -d              -e          -f          -g           -h          -i           -j change in name                                                             non-equ...      pension and                                         stock      option    incenti...    value and princi...    year      salary    bonus       awards      awards        plan    non-qual...    allothe...        total positi...                 (2)    (3)            (4)         (5)    compen-...     deferred
(1)                                                                   (6)    compen-s...
earnings
(7)
sallie t.         2017    $325,737    $-        $195,567     $51,012    $156,259     $435,900     $35,785    $1,200,2...
rainer ceo -      2016    $316,003    $-        $229,752     $49,580    $153,348     $346,300     $53,797    $1,148,7...
entergy texas      2015    $304,783    $-        $211,004     $43,358    $190,000     $189,100     $41,565     $979,810
charles l.         2017    $284,681    $-        $170,882     $25,506     $91,000     $221,200     $30,842     $824,111
rice, jr.
ceo -
entergy    2016    $276,998    $-        $229,752     $49,580     $67,302     $177,600     $33,807     $835,039
new orleans    2015    $266,752    $-        $211,004     $51,345    $173,000     $104,500     $33,416     $840,017
richard c.         2017    $341,723    $-        $202,620     $52,320    $280,661     $437,700     $38,695    $1,353,7...
riley ceo -      2016    $325,020    $-        $226,224     $34,780    $167,500     $277,900    $102,112    $1,133,5...
entergy arkans...
roderi...    2017    $670,876    $-        $818,316    $190,968    $610,065     $867,200     $52,220    $3,209,6...
k. west group      2016    $654,514    $-       $1,116,4...    $303,400    $461,384     $601,000     $73,706    $3,210,4...
presid...
utility operat...    2015    $638,876    $-       $1,071,1...    $262,430    $607,677     $543,900     $71,790    $3,195,7...
of entergy corp.
mr. bakken was named executive vice president and chief nuclear officer in april 2016.  mr. brown was not
(1)  a named executive officer in 2015.  mr. riley was named chief executive officer, entergy arkansas in may
2016.
(2)  the amounts in column (c) represent the actual base salary paid to the named executive officers.  the 2017
changes in base salaries noted in the compensation discussion and analysis were effective in april 2017.
the amount in column (d) in 2017 for mr. bakken represents the cash bonus paid to him pursuant to the
(3)  nuclear retention plan.  see "nuclear retention plan" in compensation discussion and analysis.  the amount in column (d) in 2016 represents a cash sign-on bonus paid to mr. bakken in connection with his commencement of employment with entergy corporation.
the amounts in column (e) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock, performance units, and restricted stock units granted under the equity ownership plans, each calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718, without taking into account estimated forfeitures.  the grant date fair value of the restricted stock and restricted stock units is based on the closing price of entergy corporation common stock on the date of grant.  the grant date fair value of performance units is based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions, measured using a monte carlo simulation valuation model.  the simulation model applies a risk-free interest rate and an expected volatility
(4)  assumption.  the risk-free interest rate is assumed to equal the yield on a three-year treasury bond on the grant date.  volatility is based on historical volatility for the 36-month period preceding the grant date.  if the highest achievement level is attained, the maximum amounts that will be received with respect to the performance units granted in 2017 are as follows:  mr. bakken, $1,170,798; mr. brown,
$1,170,798; mr. denault, $6,869,622; mr. fisackerly, $260,961; mr. marsh, $1,170,798; mr. may, $444,339;
ms. rainer, $260,961; mr. rice, $260,961; mr. riley, $260,961; and mr. west, $1,170,798.  the amount in
2016 for mr. bakken includes restricted stock units granted to him in connection with his commencement of employment as chief nuclear officer.
the amounts in column (f) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted under the
(5)  equity ownership plans calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718.  for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in valuing these awards, see note 12 to the financial statements.
(6)  the amounts in column (g) represent cash payments made under the annual incentive plan.
472
table of contents for all named executive officers, the amounts in column (h) include the annual actuarial increase in the present value of these named executive officers' benefits under all pension plans established by entergy corporation using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in entergy
(7)  corporation's financial statements and include amounts which the named executive officers may not currently be entitled to receive because such amounts are not vested (see "2017 pension benefits").  none of the increases for any of the named executive officers is attributable to above-market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation (see "2017 non-qualified deferred compensation").
the amounts in column (i) for 2017 include (a) matching contributions by entergy corporation under the
(8)  savings plan to each of the named executive officers; (b) dividends paid on restricted stock when vested;
(c) life insurance premiums; (d) tax gross up payments on club dues and relocation expenses; and (e)
perquisites and other compensation.  the amounts are listed in the following table:
named                 company        dividends                                          perquisites executive        contribution          paid on    life insurance     tax gross up         and other       total officer             - savings       restricted           premium         payments      compensation plan            stock a.
christopher           $16,200               $-           $11,887           $1,299           $85,108    $114,494
bakken, iii marcus v.                  $-          $35,517            $7,482               $-              $270     $43,269
brown leo p.                $11,340          $93,206            $7,482               $-           $13,835    $125,863
denault haley r.              $11,340           $7,907            $2,306           $4,082           $10,089     $35,724
fisackerly andrew s.             $11,139          $35,517            $4,991               $-                $-     $51,647
marsh phillip r.            $11,340           $9,673            $5,279               $-              $689     $26,981
may, jr.
sallie t.             $11,340           $7,696            $6,477           $2,952            $7,320     $35,785
rainer charles l.            $11,340           $6,849            $4,874           $2,637            $5,142     $30,842
rice, jr.
richard c.            $11,340           $8,756            $5,040           $4,832            $8,727     $38,695
riley roderick k.           $11,340          $38,270            $2,610               $-                $-     $52,220
west perquisites and other compensation the amounts set forth in column (i) include perquisites and other personal benefits that entergy corporation provides to its named executive officers as part of providing a competitive executive compensation program and for employee retention. the following perquisites were provided to the named executive officers in 2017.
named executive         relocation  personal use of           club dues  executive physical       event tickets officer                             corporate aircraft                   exams a. christopher bakken,  x           x                                    x iii marcus v. brown                                                          x                        x leo p. denault                      x                                    x haley r. fisackerly                                           x          x andrew s. marsh                                                          x phillip r. may, jr.                                                                               x sallie t. rainer                                              x charles l. rice, jr.                                          x richard c. riley                                              x roderick k. west                                                         x for security and business reasons, entergy corporation permits its chief executive officer to use its corporate aircraft for personal use at the expense of entergy corporation. the other named executive officers may use the corporate aircraft for personal travel subject to the approval of entergy corporation's chief executive officer.
the personnel
473
table of contents committee reviews the level of usage throughout the year. entergy corporation believes that its officers' ability to use its plane for limited personal use saves time and provides additional security for them, thereby benefiting entergy corporation. the amounts included in column (i) for the personal use of corporate aircraft, reflect the incremental cost to entergy corporation for use of the corporate aircraft, determined on the basis of the variable operational costs of each flight, including fuel, maintenance, flight crew travel expense, catering, communications, and fees, including flight planning, ground handling, and landing permits. in addition, entergy corporation offers its executives comprehensive annual physical exams at entergy corporation's expense. tickets to cultural and sporting events are purchased for business purposes, and if not utilized for business purposes, the tickets are made available to the employees, including the named executive officers, for personal use.
entergy corporation also provides relocation benefits to a broad base of employees which include assistance with moving expenses, purchase and sale of homes, and transportation of household goods. in connection with his employment, and in accordance with its relocation policies and pursuant to certain additional relocation benefits including the purchase of his home, entergy corporation paid $77,897 in relocation expenses for mr. bakken in 2017.
the relocation assistance amounts reported above represent the amounts paid to entergy corporation's relocation service provider or mr. bakken, as applicable.
none of the other perquisites referenced above exceeded $25,000 for any of the other named executive officers.
2017 grants of plan-based awards the following table summarizes award grants during 2017 to the named executive officers.
est...                est...
fut...                fut...
pay...                pay...
und...                und...
non...                equ...
inc...                inc...
plan                plan awa...                awa...
(a)    -b      -c      -d    -e          -f          -g          -h            -i            -j       -k     -l all oth...          all            gr...
sto...          ot...    exe...    da...
awa...          op...      or    fa...
gra...                                                                    num...          aw...    base    va...
na...    date    thr...  tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of            nu...    pri...     of sha...          of       of    st...
of            se...    opt...    and sto...          un...    awa...    op...
or            op...            aw...
uni...
-$      -$    -$          -#          -#          -#            -#)           -#)    -$/...    -$)
(3            (4              (5
a.     1/2...    $-    $43...  $86...
ch...
ba...    1/2...                        2,0...        8,3...        16,...                                             $5...
iii
1/2...                                                              5,2...                               $3...
1/2...                                                                            37,...         $70...    $2...
ma...    1/2...    $-    $44...  $88...
v.
br...    1/2...                        2,0...        8,3...        16,...                                             $5...
1/2...                                                              6,1...                               $4...
1/2...                                                                            44,...         $70...    $2...
leo    1/2...    $-    $1,...  $3,...
p.
de...    1/2...                        12,...        48,...        97,...                                             $3...
1/2...                                                              17,...                               $1...
1/2...                                                                            179...         $70...    $1...
474
table of contents est...                est...
fut...                fut...
pay...                pay...
und...                und...
non...                equ...
inc...                inc...
plan                plan awa...                awa...
(a)    -b      -c      -d    -e          -f          -g          -h            -i           -j       -k      -l all oth...         all            gra...
sto...         oth...    ex...    date awa...         opt...     or    fair gra...                                                                    num...         awa...    ba...    val...
na...    date    thr...  tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of           num...    pr...      of sha...         of       of    sto...
of           sec...    op...     and sto...         und...    aw...    opt...
or           opt...           awa...
uni...
-$      -$    -$          -#          -#          -#            -#)          -#)     -$...     -$)
(3           (4               (5
ha...    1/2...    $-    $14...  $28...
r.
fi...    1/2...                         463        1,8...        3,7...                                            $13...
1/2...                                                               850                              $59...
1/2...                                                                            7,...          $7...    $49...
an...    1/2...    $-    $42...  $84...
s.
ma...    1/2...                        2,0...        8,3...        16,...                                            $59...
1/2...                                                              6,1...                              $43...
1/2...                                                                            44...          $7...    $28...
ph...    1/2...    $-    $21...  $43...
r.
ma...    1/2...                         788        3,1...        6,3...                                            $22...
jr.
1/2...                                                              1,1...                              $77...
1/2...                                                                            10...          $7...    $68...
sa...    1/2...    $-    $13...  $26...
t.
ra...    1/2...                         463        1,8...        3,7...                                            $13...
1/2...                                                               900                              $63...
1/2...                                                                            7,...          $7...    $51...
ch...    1/2...    $-    $11...  $22...
l.
ri...    1/2...                         463        1,8...        3,7...                                            $13...
jr.
1/2...                                                               550                              $38...
1/2...                                                                            3,...          $7...    $25...
ri...    1/2...    $-    $13...  $27...
c.
ri...    1/2...                         463        1,8...        3,7...                                            $13...
1/2...                                                              1,0...                              $70...
1/2...                                                                            8,...          $7...    $52...
ro...    1/2...    $-    $47...  $94...
k.
we...    1/2...                        2,0...        8,3...        16,...                                            $59...
1/2...                                                              3,2...                              $22...
1/2...                                                                            29...          $7...    $19...
the amounts in columns (c), (d), and (e) represent minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the
(1)  annual incentive plan.  the actual amounts awarded are reported in column (g) of the summary compensation table.
475
table of contents the amounts in columns (f), (g), and (h) represent the minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the long-term performance unit program.  performance under the program is measured by entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder returns of the companies included
(2)  in the philadelphia utility index.  there is no payout under the program if entergy corporation's total shareholder return falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the philadelphia utility index.  subject to the achievement of performance targets, each unit will be converted into one share of entergy corporation's common stock on the last day of the performance period (december 31, 2019.)  accrued dividends on the shares earned will also be paid in entergy corporation common stock.
the amounts in column (i) represent shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity ownership
(3)  plan.  shares of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date, have voting rights, and accrue dividends during the vesting period.
the amounts in column (j) represent options to purchase shares of entergy corporation's common stock.  the
(4)  options vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date and have a ten-year term from the date of grant.  the options were granted under the 2015 equity ownership plan.
the amounts in column (l) are valued based on the aggregate grant date fair value of the award calculated
(5)  in accordance with fasb asc topic 718 and, in the case of the performance units, are based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions.  see notes 4 and 5 to the 2017 summary compensation table for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value.
2017 outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end the following table summarizes, for each named executive officer, unexercised options, restricted stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of december 31, 2017.
opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
(a)              -b               -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unex...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#               -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
a.
chri...         -           37,60...                     $70....    1/26/...
bakk...
iii
8,300...    $675...
7,289...    $593...
5,20...          $423...
30,0...          $2,4...
marc...
v.            -           44,00...                     $70....    1/26/...
brown
15,000           30,00...                     $70....    1/28/...
16,000           8,000...                     $89....    1/29/...
30,500           -                          $63....    1/30/...
16,000           -                          $64....    1/31/...
4,600           -                          $71....    1/26/...
476
table of contents option                                                         stock awards                                                         awar...
(a)             -b               -c        -d           -e    -f       -g                 -h    -i           -j equity equi...    incen...
ince...      plan market    plan     award...
equi...                       number          value    awar...    market ince...                       of                 of    numb...        or number           number    plan                        shares         shares    of       payout of               of        awar...                       or                 or    unea...     value secur...           secur...    numb...    option    opti...    units           units    shar...        of name            under...           under...    of       exerc...    expi...    of                 of    units    unear...
unexe...           unexe...    secu...     price    date     stock           stock    or       share...
optio...           optio...    unde...                       that             that    other     units exerc...           unexe...    unex...                       have             have    righ...        or unea...                       not               not    that      other opti...                       vested         vested    have     rights not        that vest...      have not vested
-#               -#        -#           -$             -#                 -$    -#           -$
2,800            -                         $72.79    1/27...
7,500            -                         $77.10    1/28...
4,300            -                         $108....    1/24...
8,30...    $675,...
8,20...    $667,...
6,100...         $496,...
4,267...         $347,...
1,667...         $135,...
leo p.           -            179,...                     $70.53    1/26...
dena...
55,6...            111,...                     $70.56    1/28...
58,6...            29,3...                     $89.90    1/29...
106,...            -                         $63.17    1/30...
50,0...            -                         $64.60    1/31...
30,0...            -                         $71.30    1/26...
25,0...            -                         $72.79    1/27...
50,0...            -                         $77.10    1/28...
45,0...            -                         $77.53    1/29...
50,0...            -                         $108....    1/24...
48,7...    $3,96...
41,7...    $3,39...
17,00...         $1,38...
10,46...         $851,...
4,000...         $325,...
haley r.           -            7,60...                     $70.53    1/26...
fisa...
2,233            4,46...                     $70.56    1/28...
3,000            1,50...                     $89.90    1/29...
1,534            -                         $71.30    1/26...
2,900            -                         $72.79    1/27...
6,000            -                         $77.10    1/28...
5,000            -                         $108....    1/24...
1,85...    $150,...
1,80...    $146,...
477
table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
(a)              -b               -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unex...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#               -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
850(...          $69,...
734(...          $59,...
284(...          $23,...
andr...
s.            -           44,00...                     $70....    1/26/...
marsh
15,000           30,00...                     $70....    1/28/...
16,000           8,000...                     $89....    1/29/...
35,000           -                          $63....    1/30/...
32,000           -                          $64....    1/31/...
10,000           -                          $71....    1/26/...
4,000           -                          $72....    1/27/...
9,100           -                          $77....    1/28/...
8,000           -                          $77....    1/29/...
10,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
8,300...    $675...
8,200...    $667...
6,10...          $496...
4,26...          $347...
1,66...          $135...
21,1...          $1,7...
phil...
r.            -           10,50...                     $70....    1/26/...
may, jr.
3,200           6,400...                     $70....    1/28/...
3,333           1,667...                     $89....    1/29/...
8,000           -                          $63....    1/30/...
6,000           -                          $64....    1/31/...
4,600           -                          $71....    1/26/...
2,900           -                          $72....    1/27/...
6,000           -                          $77....    1/28/...
4,700           -                          $77....    1/29/...
6,500           -                          $108...    1/24/...
3,150...    $256...
2,700...    $219...
1,10...          $89,...
934(...          $76,...
284(...          $23,...
478
table of contents option                                                         stock awards                                                         awards
(a)             -b                -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or number            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of                of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secur...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name            under...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unexe...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
optio...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exerc...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#                -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
sall...
t.           -            7,800...                     $70....    1/26/...
rain...
2,233            4,467...                     $70....    1/28/...
2,533            1,267...                     $89....    1/29/...
2,000            -                          $63....    1/30/...
2,000            -                          $64....    1/31/...
2,300            -                          $108...    1/24/...
1,850...    $150...
1,800...    $146...
900(...          $73,...
734(...          $59,...
250(...          $20,...
char...
l.           -            3,900...                     $70....    1/26/...
rice, jr.
2,233            4,467...                     $70....    1/28/...
3,000            1,500...                     $89....    1/29/...
1,850...    $150...
1,800...    $146...
550(...          $44,...
734(...          $59,...
250(...          $20,...
rich...
c.           -            8,000...                     $70....    1/26/...
riley
1,566            3,134...                     $70....    1/28/...
3,000            1,500...                     $89....    1/29/...
5,334            -                          $63....    1/30/...
1,334            -                          $64....    1/31/...
4,000            -                          $108...    1/24/...
1,850...    $150...
1,800...    $146...
1,00...          $81,...
700(...          $56,...
367(...          $29,...
479
table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
(a)              -b               -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unex...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#               -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
rode...
k.            -           29,20...                     $70....    1/26/...
west
13,666           27,33...                     $70....    1/28/...
15,333           7,667...                     $89....    1/29/...
12,000           -                          $63....    1/30/...
30,000           -                          $71....    1/26/...
7,000           -                          $77....    1/28/...
5,000           -                          $77....    1/29/...
8,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
8,300...    $675...
8,200...    $667...
3,20...          $260...
4,00...          $325...
1,56...          $127...
21,0...          $1,7...
(1)  consists of options that vested or will vest as follows: 1/3 of the remaining unexercisable options vest on each of january 26, 2018, january 26, 2019, and january 26, 2020.
(2)  consists of options that vested or will vest as follows: 1/2 of the remaining unexercisable options vest on each of january 28, 2018 and january 28, 2019.
(3)  the remaining unexercisable options vested on january 29, 2018.
consists of performance units that will vest on december 31, 2019 based on entergy corporation's total
(4)  shareholder return performance over the 2017-2019 performance period, as described under "what entergy corporation pays and why- executive compensation elements - variable - long-term incentive compensation -
performance unit program" in compensation discussion and analysis.
(5)  consists of performance units that will vest on december 31, 2018 based on entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the 2016-2018 performance period.
(6)  consists of shares of restricted stock that vested or will vest as follows:  1/3 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of january 26, 2018, january 26, 2019, and january 26, 2020.
(7)  consists of shares of restricted stock that vested or will vest as follows:  1/2 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of january 28, 2018 and january 28, 2019.
(8)  consists of shares of restricted stock that vested on january 29, 2018.
(9)  consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2015 equity ownership plan which will vest one third on april 6, 2019, april 6, 2022, and april 6, 2025.
(10)  consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2015 equity ownership plan which will vest on august
3, 2020.
(11)  consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2011 equity ownership plan which will vest on may 1,
2018.
480

2017 option exercises and stock vested the following table provides information concerning each exercise of stock options and each vesting of stock during
2017 for the named executive officers.
options awards                                  stock awards
(a)                        -b                                -c            -d                                -e number of shares      value realized            number of shares      value realized name                       acquired on              on exercise            acquired on            on vesting(1)
exercise                                        vesting
-#                                -$            -#                                -$
a. christopher          -                                    $-     1,212                               $95,154
bakken, iii marcus v. brown     5,000                               $35,850     8,224                              $598,764
leo p. denault          -                                    $-    26,741                            $1,979,459
haley r.           10,734                              $134,837     1,734                              $126,435
fisackerly andrew s. marsh         -                                    $-     8,224                              $598,764
phillip r. may,         -                                    $-     2,202                              $161,139
jr.
sallie t.          11,300                              $169,289     1,698                              $123,893
rainer charles l.          9,234                              $147,762     1,603                              $117,185
rice, jr.
richard c.          4,500                               $67,559     1,847                              $134,414
riley roderick k.             -                                    $-     8,396                              $610,908
west represents the value of performance units for the 2015-2017 performance period (payable solely in shares
(1)  based on the closing stock price of entergy corporation on the date of vesting) under the performance unit program and the vesting of shares of restricted stock in 2017.
481

2017 pension benefits the following table shows the present value as of december 31, 2017, of accumulated benefits payable to each of the named executive officers, including the number of years of service credited to each named executive officer, under the retirement plans sponsored by entergy corporation, determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions set forth in note 11 to the financial statements. additional information regarding these retirement plans follows this table.
number of years         present value of    payments during name                 plan name                    credited service             accumulated    2017
benefit a. christopher       cash balance           1.74                                   $30,600    $-
bakken, iii          equalization plan cash balance plan      1.74                                   $30,300    $-
marcus v.            system executive      22.74                                $4,793,900    $-
brown(1)             retirement plan entergy retirement    22.74                                  $907,400    $-
plan leo p.               system executive      33.83                               $22,072,300    $-
denault(1)(2)        retirement plan entergy retirement    18.83                                  $802,000    $-
plan haley r.             system executive      22.08                                $1,370,100    $-
fisackerly           retirement plan entergy retirement    22.08                                  $789,100    $-
plan andrew s. marsh      system executive      19.37                                $3,493,700    $-
retirement plan entergy retirement    19.37                                  $548,400    $-
plan phillip r. may,      system executive      31.56                                $2,398,400    $-
jr.(1)               retirement plan entergy retirement    31.56                                $1,227,800    $-
plan sallie t.            system executive      33.38                                $1,356,000    $-
rainer(1)(3)         retirement plan entergy retirement    33.00                                $1,415,200    $-
plan charles l. rice,     system executive       8.47                                  $609,100    $-
jr.                  retirement plan entergy retirement     8.47                                  $307,800    $-
plan richard c.           system executive      28.01                                $1,688,200    $-
riley(1)(4)          retirement plan entergy retirement    22.55                                  $866,000    $-
plan roderick k. west     system executive      18.75                                $4,636,200    $-
retirement plan entergy retirement    18.75                                  $594,100    $-
plan
(1)  as of december 31, 2017, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, ms. rainer, and mr. riley were retirement eligible.
in 2006, mr. denault entered into a retention agreement granting him an additional 15 years of service and permission to retire under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan in the event his employment is terminated by his entergy employer other than for cause (as defined in the retention agreement), by mr.
(2)  denault for good reason (as defined in the retention agreement), or on account of his death or disability.
his retention agreement also provides that if he terminates employment for any other reason, he shall be entitled to the additional 15 years of service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan only if his entergy employer grants him permission to retire.  the additional 15 years of service increases the present value of his benefit by $3,967,700.
service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan is granted from the date of hire.
(3)  qualified plan benefit service is granted from the later of the date of hire or the plan participation date.
482
table of contents mr. riley separated from entergy corporation and was subsequently rehired in june 1995.  the entergy
(4)  retirement plan does not include any credit service prior to his rehire date, however, the system executive retirement plan reflects a net credited service date of december 28, 1989.
the tables below contain summaries of the pension benefit plans sponsored by entergy corporation that the named executive officers participated in during 2017. benefits for the named executive officers who participate in these plans are determined using the same formulas as for other eligible employees.
qualified retirement benefits entergy retirement plan sallie t. rainer charles l. rice, jr.
marcus v. brown      richard c. riley               cash balance plan haley r. fisackerly  roderick k. west               a. christopher bakken, iii eligible named executive      leo p. denault       non-bargaining employees       non-bargaining employees officers                      andrew s. marsh      hired on or before july 1,     hired on or after july 1, eligibility                   phillip r. may, jr.  2014                           2014

a participant becomes vested   a participant becomes vested in the entergy retirement      in the cash balance plan upon plan upon attainment of at     attainment of at least 3
vesting                                            least 5 years of vesting       years of vesting service or service or upon attainment of  upon attainment of age 65
age 65 while actively          while actively employed by an employed by an entergy system  entergy system company.
company.
benefits are payable as an annuity. for employees who separate from service on or    benefits are payable as an form of payment upon                               after january 1, 2018, a       annuity or single lump sum retirement                                         single lump sum distribution   distribution.
may be elected by the participant if eligibility criteria are met.
the normal retirement benefit at age 65 is determined by converting the sum of an benefits are calculated as a   employee's annual pay credits single life annuity payable    and his or her annual at age 65 and generally are    interest credits, into an equal to 1.5% of a             actuarially equivalent participant's final average    annuity.
monthly earnings (fame)        pay credits ranging from 4-8%
multiplied by years of         of an employee's eligible service (not to exceed 40).    earnings are allocated
"earnings" for the purpose of  annually to a notional calculating fame generally     account for the employee includes the employee's base   based on an employee's age salary and eligible annual     and years of service.
incentive awards subject to    earnings for purposes of internal revenue code          calculating an employee's pay limitations, and excludes all  credit include the employee's retirement benefit formula                         other bonuses.  executive      base salary and annual annual incentive awards are    incentive awards subject to not eligible for inclusion in  code limitations and exclude earnings under this plan.      all other bonuses. executive fame is calculated using the   annual incentive awards are employee's average monthly     eligible for inclusion in earnings for the 60            earnings under this plan.
consecutive months in which    interest credits are the employee's earnings were   calculated based upon the highest during the 120 month   annual rate of interest on period immediately preceding   30-year u.s. treasury the employee's retirement and  securities, as specified by includes up to 5 eligible      the internal revenue service, annual incentive awards paid   for the month of august during the 60 month period.    preceding the first day of the applicable calendar year subject to a minimum rate of
2.6% and a maximum rate of
9%.
483
table of contents normal retirement age under the plan is 65.
a reduced vested benefit may be commenced as early as age 55. the amount of this benefit is determined by reducing the normal           normal retirement age under the plan is 65.
retirement benefit by 7% per year for the      a vested cash balance benefit can be commenced first 5 years commencement precedes age 65,    as early as the first day of the month and 6% per year for each additional year       following separation from service.  the amount benefit timing    commencement precedes age 65.                  of the benefit is determined in the same a subsidized early retirement benefit may be   manner as the normal retirement benefit commenced by employees who are at least age    described above in the "retirement benefit
55 with 10 years of service at the time they   formula" section.
separate from service. the amount of this benefit is determined by reducing the normal retirement benefit by 2% per year for each year that early retirement precedes age 65.
non-qualified retirement benefits the named executive officers are eligible to participate in certain non-qualified retirement benefit plans that provide retirement income, including the pension equalization plan, the cash balance equalization plan, and the system executive retirement plan. each of these plans is an unfunded non-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to key management employees. in these plans, as described below, an executive is typically enrolled in one or more non-qualified plans, but is only paid the amount due under the plan that provides the highest benefit. in general, upon disability, participants in the pension equalization plan and the system executive retirement plan remain eligible for continued service credits until the earlier of recovery, separation from service due to disability, or retirement eligibility. generally, spouses of participants who die before commencement of benefits may be eligible for a portion of the participant's accrued benefit.
pension equalization plan sallie t. rainer                                         system executive charles l. rice,   cash balance                          retirement plan jr.                equalization plan                     sallie t. rainer richard c. riley   a. christopher                        charles l. rice, roderick k. west   bakken, iii                           jr.
marcus v. brown    management or      management or      marcus v. brown    richard c. riley haley r.           highly             highly             haley r.           roderick k. west fisackerly         compensated        compensated        fisackerly         certain eligible named    leo p. denault     employees who      employees who      leo p. denault     individuals who executive         andrew s. marsh    participate in     participate in     andrew s. marsh    became executive officers          phillip r. may,    the entergy        the cash balance   phillip r. may,    officers before eligibility       jr.                retirement plan    plan               jr.                july 1, 2014

form of payment                      single lump sum    single lump sum                       single lump sum upon retirement                      distribution       distribution                          distribution benefits benefits                                                 generally are generally are                                            equal to the equal to the                                             actuarial present actuarial present                                        value of a value of the                                             specified difference                                               percentage, based between (1) the    benefits                              on the amount that would  generally are                         participant's have been payable  equal to the                          years of service as an annuity      difference                            (including under the entergy  between the                           supplemental retirement plan,   amount that would                     service granted including          have been payable                     under the plan)
executive annual   as a lump sum                         and management incentive awards   under the cash                        level of the retirement                           as eligible        balance plan, but                     participant's benefit formula                      earnings and       for internal                          "final average without applying   revenue code                          monthly internal revenue   limitations on                        compensation"
code limitations   pension benefits                      (which is on pension         and earnings that                     generally 1/36th benefits and       may be considered                     of the sum of the earnings that may  in calculating                        participant's be considered in   tax-qualified                         base salary and calculating        cash balance plan                     annual incentive tax-qualified      benefits, and the                     plan award for pension benefits,  amount actually                       the 3 highest and (2) the                                              years during the amount actually                                          last 10 years payable as an                                            preceding annuity under the                                        separation from entergy                                                  service), after retirement plan.                                         first being reduced by the
484
table of contents pension equalization plan      cash balance equalization        system executive retirement plan                             plan executive annual incentive                                      value of the participant's awards are taken into account  payable as a lump sum under      entergy retirement plan as eligible earnings under     the cash balance plan.           benefit.
this plan.
payable at age 65
benefits payable prior to age
65 are subject to the same                                      payable at age 65
reduced terminated vested or                                    prior to age 65, vesting is early retirement reduction                                      conditioned on the prior factors as benefits payable                                     written consent of the under the entergy retirement                                    officer's entergy employer.
plan as described above.                                        benefits payable prior to age an employee with supplemental                                   65 are subject to the same credited service who           payable upon separation from     reduced terminated vested or terminates employment prior    service subject to 6 month       subsidized early retirement benefit timing    to age 65 must receive prior   delay required under code        reduction factors as benefits written consent of the         section 409a.                    payable under the entergy entergy employer in order to                                    retirement plan as described receive the portion of their                                    above.
benefit attributable to their                                   benefits payable upon supplemental credited service                                   separation from service agreement.                                                      subject to the 6 month delay benefits payable upon                                           required under code section separation from service                                         409a.
subject to the 6 month delay required under code section
409a.
additional information effective july 1, 2014, (a) no new grants of supplemental service may be provided to participants in the pension equalization plan; (b) supplemental credited service granted prior to july 1, 2014 was
(1)  grandfathered; and (c) participants in entergy corporation's cash balance plan are not eligible to participate in the pension equalization plan and instead may be eligible to participate in the cash balance equalization plan.
benefits already accrued under the system executive retirement plan, pension equalization plan, and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested if a participant is involuntarily terminated
(2)  without cause or terminates his or her employment for good reason in connection with a change in control with payment generally made in a lump-sum payment as soon as reasonably practicable following the first day of the month after the termination of employment, unless delayed 6 months under code section 409a.
(3)  the system executive retirement plan was closed to new executive officers effective july 1, 2014.
485

2017 non-qualified deferred compensation as of december 31, 2017, mr. may had a deferred account balance under a frozen defined contribution restoration plan. the amount is deemed invested, as chosen by the participant, in certain t. rowe price investment funds that are also available to the participant under the savings plan. mr. may has elected to receive the deferred account balance after he retires. the defined contribution restoration plan, until it was frozen in 2005, credited eligible employees' deferral accounts with employer contributions to the extent contributions under the qualified savings plan in which the employee participated were subject to limitations imposed by the code.
defined contribution restoration plan executive          registrant                aggregate                              aggregate name              contributions      contributions in        earnings in    aggregate                balance at in 2017            2017                        2017(1)    withdrawals/dis...       december 31,
2017
(a)               -b                 -c                               -d    -e                               -f phillip r.        $-                 $-                             $362    $-                           $2,113
may, jr.
(1)  amounts in this column are not included in the summary compensation table.
486

2017 potential payments upon termination or change in control entergy corporation has plans and other arrangements that provide compensation to a named executive officer if his or her employment terminates under specified conditions, including following a change in control of entergy corporation or its subsidiaries. the tables below reflect the amount of compensation each of the named executive officers would have received if his or her employment with an entergy employer had been terminated under various scenarios as of december 31, 2017. for purposes of these tables, a stock price of $81.39 was used, which was the closing market price on december 29, 2017, the last trading day of the year.
benefits                                    termination                                              terminati...
and            voluntary                       for good                                              related to payments       resignation     for cause      reason or    retirement    disability         death      a change upon                                            not for                                              in control terminati...                                        cause a.
christoph...
bakken, iii(1)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -             -    $2,511,506
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -             -      $620,680      $620,680    $1,530,132
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -             -      $408,336      $408,336      $408,336
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -      $442,029      $442,029      $442,029
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -             -       $20,358
benefits(...
unvested restricted  -               -                  $813,900             -      $813,900      $813,900    $2,441,700
stock units(12)
marcus v.
brown(2)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -             -    $3,213,000
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -      $670,165      $670,165      $670,165    $1,530,132
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -      $802,740      $802,740      $802,740      $802,740
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -    $1,041,711    $1,041,711    $1,054,082
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -             -             -
benefits(...
leo p.
denault(3)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -             -    $10,119,9...
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                $3,174,210    $3,583,846    $3,583,846    $3,583,846    $6,511,200
units(6)(...
stock       -               -                $3,154,024    $3,154,024    $3,154,024    $3,154,024    $3,154,024
options(8)
restricted  -               -                $2,750,413             -    $2,750,413    $2,750,413    $2,750,413
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -             -             -
benefits(...
haley r.
fisackerl...
severance   -               -                         -             -             -             -      $497,420
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -             -      $147,886      $147,886      $358,116
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -             -      $130,910      $130,910      $130,910
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -      $161,966      $161,966      $164,163
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -             -       $18,252
benefits(...
andrew s.
marsh(4)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -             -    $3,060,000
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -             -      $670,165      $670,165    $1,530,132
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -             -      $802,740      $802,740      $802,740
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -    $1,041,711    $1,041,711    $1,054,082
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -             -       $27,378
benefits(...
unvested restricted  -               -                         -             -    $1,717,329    $1,717,329    $1,717,329
stock units(13)
487
table of contents benefits                                    termination                                             termination and            voluntary                       for good                                            related to a payments       resignation     for cause      reason or    retirement    disability       death       change in upon                                            not for                                                 control terminati...                                        cause phillip r.
may, jr.(2)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -           -      $1,171,680
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -      $231,962      $231,962    $231,962        $504,618
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -      $183,342      $183,342    $183,342        $183,342
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -      $201,034    $201,034        $203,231
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -           -               -
benefits(...
sallie t.
rainer(2)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -           -        $459,585
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -      $147,886      $147,886    $147,886        $358,116
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -      $133,082      $133,082    $133,082        $133,082
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -      $163,269    $163,269        $165,222
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -           -               -
benefits(...
charles r.
rice, jr(4)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -           -        $400,993
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -             -      $147,886    $147,886        $358,116
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -             -       $90,728     $90,728         $90,728
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -      $133,480    $133,480        $135,433
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -           -         $18,252
benefits(...
richard c.
riley(2)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -           -        $481,880
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -      $147,886      $147,886    $147,886        $358,116
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -      $120,814      $120,814    $120,814        $120,814
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -      $178,896    $178,896        $181,663
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -           -               -
benefits(...
roderick k. west(4)
severance   -               -                         -             -             -           -      $3,434,065
payment(5)
performan...  -               -                         -             -      $670,165    $670,165      $1,530,132
units(7)
stock       -               -                         -             -      $613,132    $613,132        $613,132
options(8)
restricted  -               -                         -             -      $762,624    $762,624        $774,344
stock(9)
welfare     -               -                         -             -             -           -         $27,378
benefits(...
unvested restricted  -               -                $1,709,190             -             -           -      $1,709,190
stock units(14)
pension benefits in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, if mr. bakken's employment were terminated under certain conditions relating to a change in control, on the first day of the month following the qualifying
1)  event (as defined in the cash balance equalization plan) he would have become vested in and would have been entitled to receive his vested pension benefits accumulated in the cash balance equalization plan as of the date of the qualifying event so long as a forfeiture event does not occur as described in the plan.  for a description of the pension benefits under the cash balance equalization plan, see "2017 pension benefits."
as of december 31, 2017, messrs. brown, may, and riley and ms. rainer are retirement eligible and would retire rather than voluntarily resign, and in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, each also would be entitled to receive his or her vested pension benefits under the entergy retirement plan.  for a
2)  description of the pension

488
table of contents benefits available, see "2017 pension benefits." in the event their termination by their entergy employer without cause or by mr. brown, mr. may, ms. rainer, or mr. riley for good reason in connection with a change in control, each would be eligible for subsidized early retirement benefits under the system executive retirement plan even if they do not have company permission to separate from employment. if mr. brown's, mr. may's, ms. rainer's, or mr.
riley's employment were terminated for cause in connection with a change in control, they would not be entitled to receive a benefit under the system executive retirement plan. if their employment were terminated for any reason not in connection with a change in control, or they were to retire from their entergy employer before age 65
without the permission of their entergy employer, they would not be entitled to receive a benefit under the system executive retirement plan.
as of december 31, 2017, mr. denault is retirement eligible and would retire rather than voluntarily resign, and in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, mr. denault also would be entitled to receive his vested pension benefits under the entergy retirement plan.  for a description of the pension benefits available, see "2017 pension benefits."  if mr. denault's employment was terminated by his entergy employer other than for cause, by mr. denault for good reason or on account of his death or disability, he would also be eligible for certain additional retirement benefits.  for a description of these benefits, see "2017 pension benefits."  otherwise, if mr. denault's employment was terminated for cause or he was to retire from his entergy employer before age 65 without the permission of his entergy employer, he would not
3)  receive a benefit under the system executive retirement plan.

in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, if mr. fisackerly's, mr. marsh's, mr. rice's, or mr.
west's employment were terminated under certain conditions relating to a change in control, each also would have been entitled to receive his vested pension benefits upon attainment of age 55 under the entergy retirement plan and would have been eligible for early retirement benefits under the system executive retirement plan calculated using early retirement reduction factors.  for a description of the pension
4)  benefits, see "2017 pension benefits." mr. fisackerly's, mr. marsh's, mr. rice's, or mr. west's employment were terminated for cause in connection with a change in control, he would not be entitled to receive a benefit under the system executive retirement plan.  if his employment were terminated for any reason not in connection with a change in control, or each were to resign from his entergy employer before age 65
without the permission of his entergy employer, each would not be entitled to receive a benefit under the system executive retirement plan.
severance payments:
in the event of a termination by the executive for good reason or by his or her entergy system employer not for cause during the period beginning upon the occurrence of a "potential change in control" (as defined in the system executive continuity plan) and ending on the 2ndanniversary of a change in control, each named executive officer would be entitled to receive pursuant to the system executive continuity plan a lump sum severance payment equal to a multiple of the sum of (1) his or her annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the commencement of a change of control period or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting good reason plus (2) his or her annual incentive, calculated using the
5)  average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for 2015 and 2016 (the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs), but in no event shall the severance payment exceed the product of 2.99 times the sum of (a) his or her annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the commencement of a change in control period or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting good reason plus (b) the higher of his or her actual annual incentive payment under the annual incentive plan for the 2016 performance year or his or her annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for 2015 and 2016 (the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs).  for purposes of this table, the following target opportunity and base salary were assumed:
489
table of contents named executive officer    target opportunity  base salary a. christopher bakken iii  35%                    $620,125
marcus v. brown            70%                    $630,000
leo p. denault             130%                 $1,230,000
haley r. fisackerly        40%                    $355,300
andrew s. marsh            70%                    $600,000
phillip r. may jr,         60%                    $366,150
sallie t. rainer           40%                    $328,275
charles l. rice, jr.       40%                    $286,424
richard c. riley           40%                    $344,200
roderick k. west           70%                    $675,598
performance units:
with respect to mr. denault, in the event of a termination event (as defined in mr. denault's 2006
retention agreement), he is entitled to a target ltip award, as defined in his 2006 retention agreement, calculated by using the average annual number of performance units with respect to the two most recent performance periods preceding the calendar year in which his employment termination occurs, assuming all performance goals were achieved at target.  for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's retention
6)  payment was calculated by taking an average of the target performance units from the 2013-2015 performance unit program (38,000) and from the 2014-2016 performance unit program (40,000).  this average number of units (39,000) multiplied by the closing price of entergy corporation's common stock on december 29, 2017
($81.39) would equal a payment of $3,174,210.  in the event of death or disability, mr. denault receives the greater of the target ltip award calculated as described above or the sum of the amount that would be payable under the provisions of each open performance unit program as described in note 7 below.
in the event of a qualifying termination related to a change in control, each named executive officer would have forfeited his or her performance units for the 2016-2018 and 2017-2019 performance periods and would have been entitled to receive, pursuant to the 2015 equity ownership plan, a single-lump sum payment in lieu of any payment for each performance award that would not be based on any outstanding performance period.  the payments for the 2016-2018 and the 2017-2019 performance periods would have been calculated using the most recent performance period preceding (but not including) the calendar year in which his or her termination occurs.  for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's payments was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2014-2016 performance unit program (40,000) by the closing
7)  price of entergy corporation's common stock on december 29, 2017 ($81.39), which would equal a payment of
$3,255,600 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period.  the value of the payments for the other named executive officers was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the
2014-2016 performance unit program (9,400) by the closing price of entergy corporation's common stock on december 29, 2017 ($81.39), which would equal a payment of $765,066 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period.  in the event his death or disability, mr. denault would receive the greater of the target long-term performance incentive award as described in note 6 above or a pro-rated number of performance units for all open performance periods, based on the number of months of his participation in each open performance period.
in the event of retirement in the case of mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, ms. rainer, or mr. riley, or upon death or disability, other than mr. denault, each named executive officer would not have forfeited his or her performance units for all open performance periods, but rather such performance unit awards would have been pro-rated based on his or her number of months of participation in each open performance unit program performance period, in accordance with his grant agreement under the performance unit program. the amount of the award is based on actual performance achieved, with a stock price set as of the end of the performance period, and payable in the form of a lump sum after the completion of the performance period. for purposes of the table, the values of the awards were calculated as follows:
490
table of contents mr. denault's:
2016 - 2018 plan - 27,800 (24/36*41,700) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
2017 - 2019 plan - 16,233 (12/36*48,700) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
mr. bakken's:
2016 - 2018 plan - 4,859 (24/36*7,289) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
2017 - 2019 plan - 2,767 (12/36*8,300) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
messrs. brown's, marsh's, and west's:
2016 - 2018 plan - 5,467 (24/36*8,200) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
2017 - 2019 plan - 2,767 (12/36*8,300) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
mr. may's:
2016 - 2018 plan - 1,800 (24/36*2,700) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
2017 - 2019 plan - 1,050 (12/36*3,150) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
messrs. fisackerly's, rice's, riley's, and ms. rainer's:
2016 - 2018 plan - 1,200 (24/36*1,800) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
2017 - 2019 plan - 617 (12/36*1,850) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $81.39
stock options:
in the event of death or disability or qualifying termination related to a change in control, or retirement in the case of mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, ms. rainer, or mr. riley, all of the unvested stock options of each named executive officer would immediately vest pursuant to the equity ownership plans.  in addition, with respect to grants under the 2011 equity ownership plan, each named executive officer would be entitled to exercise his or her stock options for the remainder of the ten-year period extending from the grant date of the options, and with respect to grants under the 2015 equity ownership plan, within the lesser of five years or the remaining term of the option grant.  for purposes of this table, it is assumed that the named executive officers exercised their options immediately upon vesting and received proceeds equal to the difference between the closing price of common stock on december 29, 2017, and the applicable
8)  exercise price of each option share.

in the event of a termination event as defined in his 2006 retention agreement, mr. denault will immediately vest in all unvested stock options.
restricted stock:
in the event of death or disability pursuant to the 2011 equity ownership plan, each named executive officer would immediately vest in a pro-rated portion of his or her unvested restricted stock that was otherwise scheduled to become vested on the immediately following 12-month grant date anniversary date, as well as dividends declared on the pro-rated portion of such restricted stock pursuant to the 2011 equity ownership plan.  the pro-rated vested portion would be determined based on the number of days between the
9)  most recent preceding 12-month grant date anniversary date and the date of his or her death or disability.
in the event of his or her qualifying termination related to a change in control, a named executive officer would immediately vest in all of their unvested restricted stock, as well as dividends declared on such restricted stock granted pursuant the 2011 equity ownership plan.  in the event of death, disability, or qualifying termination related to a change in control, each named executive officer would vest in all of their unvested restricted stock as well as dividends declared pursuant to the 2015 equity ownership plan.
491
table of contents in the event of a termination event as defined in his 2006 retention agreement, mr. denault will immediately vest in all unvested restricted stock.
welfare benefits:
pursuant to the system executive continuity plan, in the event of a termination related to a change in
10)  control, mr. bakken, mr. marsh, and mr. west would be eligible to receive entergy-sponsored cobra benefits for 18 months and mr. fisackerly and mr. rice would be eligible to receive entergy-sponsored cobra benefits for 12 months.
11)  upon retirement, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, ms. rainer, and mr. riley would be eligible for retiree medical and dental benefits, the same as all other retirees.
unvested restricted stock units:
mr.bakken's 30,000 restricted stock units vest 1/3rdon each of april 6, 2019, april 6, 2022, and april 6,
2025. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, if mr. bakken's employment terminates due to total disability or death or, prior to april 6, 2019, mr. bakken's employment is terminated by his entergy employer other than for cause, then he will vest in and be paid the 10,000 restricted stock units that otherwise would have vested had he satisfied the vesting conditions of the restricted stock unit agreement through the next vesting date to occur following his date of total disability, death, or termination other than for cause prior to april 6, 2019 subject, in the case of a termination without cause, to mr. bakken timely executing and not revoking a release of claims against entergy corporation and its affiliates.  in the event of a change in control, the unvested restricted stock units will fully vest upon mr. bakken's
12)  termination of employment by his entergy employer without cause or by mr. bakken with good reason during a change in control period (as defined in the 2015 equity ownership plan).  otherwise, if mr. bakken voluntarily resigns or is terminated, he would forfeit these units.  pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, mr. bakken is subject to certain restrictions on his ability to compete with entergy corporation and its affiliates or solicit its employees or customers during and for 12 months after his employment with his entergy employer. in addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits mr. bakken's ability to disparage entergy corporation and its affiliates.  in the event of a breach of these restrictions, other than following certain constructive terminations of his employment, mr. bakken will forfeit any restricted stock units that are not yet vested and paid, and must repay to entergy corporation any shares of entergy corporation's common stock paid to him in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts he received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares.
mr. marsh's 21,100 restricted stock units vest 100% in 2020.  pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, any unvested restricted stock units will vest immediately in the event of his termination of employment due to mr. marsh's total disability or death.  in the event of a change in control, the units will vest upon termination of mr. marsh's employment by his entergy employer without cause or by mr. marsh with good reason during a change in control period (as defined in the 2015 equity ownership plan).
otherwise, if mr. marsh voluntarily resigns or is terminated, he would forfeit these units.  pursuant to
13)  his restricted stock unit agreement, mr. marsh is subject to certain restrictions on his ability to compete with entergy corporation and its affiliates during and for 12 months after his employment with entergy corporation, or to solicit its employees or customers during and for 24 months after his employment with it.  in addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits mr. marsh's ability to disparage entergy corporation and its affiliates.  in the event of a breach of these restrictions, mr.
marsh will forfeit any restricted stock units that are not yet vested and paid, and must repay to entergy corporation any shares of entergy corporation's common stock paid to him in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts he received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares.
mr. west's 21,000 restricted stock units vest 100% in 2018.  pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, any unvested restricted stock units will vest immediately in the event of a termination other
14)  than for cause.  in the event of a change in control, the units will vest upon termination of mr. west's employment by his entergy employer without cause or by mr. west with good reason during a change in control period (as defined in the 2011 equity ownership plan).  otherwise, if mr. west voluntarily resigns, is terminated for cause, dies, or becomes disabled, he would forfeit these units.
492
table of contents mr. denault's 2006 retention agreement under the terms of his 2006 retention agreement, mr. denault's employment may be terminated for cause upon mr.
denault's:
continuing failure to substantially perform his duties (other than because of physical or mental illness or
  after he has given notice of termination for good reason) that remains uncured for 30 days after receiving a written notice from the personnel committee;
  willfully engaging in conduct that is demonstrably and materially injurious to entergy corporation;
conviction of or entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime that has or may
  have a material adverse effect on his ability to carry out his duties or upon entergy corporation's reputation;
  material violation of any agreement that he has entered into with entergy corporation; or
  unauthorized disclosure of entergy corporation's confidential information.
mr. denault may terminate his employment for good reason upon:
the substantial reduction in the nature or status of his duties or responsibilities from those in effect
  immediately prior to the date of the retention agreement, other than de minimis acts that are remedied after notice from mr. denault;
  a reduction of 5% or more in his base salary as in effect on the date of the retention agreement;
  the relocation of his principal place of employment to a location other than the corporate headquarters;
the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans providing opportunities for equity
  awards, stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, incentive compensation, bonus and other plans on a basis not materially less favorable than enjoyed at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives);
the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans with opportunities for benefits not
  materially less favorable than those enjoyed by him under any of entergy corporation's pension, savings, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, or vacation plans or policies at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); or
  any purported termination of his employment not taken in accordance with his retention agreement.
system executive continuity plan termination related to a change in control entergy corporation's named executive officers will be entitled to the benefits described in the tables above under the system executive continuity plan in the event of a termination related to a change in control if a change in control occurs and their employment is terminated by their entergy employer other than for cause or if they terminate their employment for good reason, in each case within a period beginning on the occurrence of a potential change in control and ending 24 months following the effective date of a change in control.
a change in control includes the following events:
  the purchase of 30% or more of either entergy corporation's common stock or the combined voting power of entergy corporation's voting securities;
  the merger or consolidation of entergy corporation (unless its board members constitute at least a majority of the board members of the surviving entity);
  the liquidation, dissolution, or sale of all or substantially all of entergy corporation's assets; or a change in the composition of entergy corporation's board such that, during any two-year period, the individuals serving at the beginning of the period no longer constitute a majority of entergy corporation's
  board at the end of the period.

493
table of contents a potential change in control includes the following events:
  entergy corporation or an affiliate enters into an agreement the consummation of which would constitute a change in control;
  the entergy corporation board adopts resolutions determining that, for purposes of the system executive continuity plan, a potential change in control has occurred;
  a system company or other person or entity publicly announces an intention to take actions that would constitute a change in control; or any person or entity becomes the beneficial owner (directly or indirectly) of outstanding shares of entergy
  corporation's common stock constituting 20% or more of the voting power or value of entergy corporation's outstanding common stock.
a named executive officer's employment may be terminated for cause under the system executive continuity plan if he or she:
  willfully and continuously fails to substantially perform his or her duties after receiving a 30-day written demand for performance from entergy corporation's board;
  engages in conduct that is materially injurious to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
  is convicted or pleads guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime that materially and adversely affects his or her ability to perform his or her duties or entergy corporation's reputation;
  materially violates any agreement with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or
  discloses any of entergy corporation's confidential information without authorization.
a named executive officer may terminate his or her employment with his or her entergy employer for good reason under the system executive continuity plan if, without his or her consent:
  the nature or status of his or her duties and responsibilities is substantially altered or reduced compared to the period prior to the change in control;
  his or her salary is reduced by 5% or more;
  he or she is required to be based outside of the continental united states at somewhere other than his or her primary work location prior to the change in control;
  any of his or her compensation plans are discontinued without an equitable replacement;
  his or her benefits or number of vacation days are substantially reduced; or
  his or her entergy employer purports to terminate his or her employment other than in accordance with the system executive continuity plan.
in addition to participation in the system executive continuity plan, benefits already accrued under the system executive retirement plan, pension equalization plan, and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested if the executive is involuntarily terminated without cause or the executive terminates his or her employment for good reason within two years after the occurrence of a change in control. any awards granted under the equity ownership plans will become fully vested if the executive is involuntarily terminated without cause or terminates employment for good reason within two years after the occurrence of a change in control.
under certain circumstances described below, the payments and benefits received by a named executive officer pursuant to the system executive continuity plan may be forfeited and, in certain cases, subject to repayment.
benefits are no longer payable under the system executive continuity plan, and unvested performance units under the performance unit program are subject to forfeiture, if the executive:
  accepts employment with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
  elects to receive the benefits of another severance or separation program;
  removes, copies or fails to return any property belonging to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
  discloses non-public data or information concerning entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or
  violates his or her non-compete provision, which generally runs for two years but extends to three years if permissible under applicable law.
494
table of contents furthermore, if the executive discloses non-public data or information concerning entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision, he or she will be required to repay any benefits previously received under the system executive continuity plan.
voluntary resignation if a named executive officer voluntarily resigns from his or her entergy employer:
  all unvested stock options, shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units as well as any perquisites to which he or she is entitled as an officer are forfeited;
incentive payments under any outstanding performance periods under the long-term performance unit program or the annual incentive plan are forfeited; provided however, if an officer resigns after the completion of an
  annual incentive plan or long-term performance unit program performance period, he or she could receive a payout under the long-term performance unit program based on the outcome of the performance period and could, at entergy corporation's discretion, receive an annual incentive payment under the annual incentive plan;
  any vested stock options held by the officer as of the separation date will expire the earlier of ten years from date of grant or 90 days from the last day of active employment; and he or she is entitled to all vested accrued benefits and compensation as of the separation date, including
  qualified pension benefits (if any) and other post-employment benefits on terms consistent with those generally available to other salaried employees.
termination for cause if a named executive officer's employment is terminated for "cause" (as defined in the system executive continuity plan and described above under "termination related to a change in control"), he or she is generally entitled to the same compensation and separation benefits described above under "voluntary resignation," except that all options are no longer exercisable.
retirement upon a named executive officer's retirement:
the annual incentive payment under the annual incentive plan is generally pro-rated based on the actual number of days employed during the performance year in which the retirement date occurs, subject to negative
  discretion that may be applied to reduce or disallow the payment; payments are delivered at the conclusion of the annual period, consistent with the timing of payments to active participants in the annual incentive plan;
payments under the long-term performance unit program for those retiring with a minimum of 12 months of participation are pro-rated based on the actual full months of participation in each outstanding performance
  period in which the retirement date occurs, and payments are delivered at the conclusion of each performance period, consistent with the timing of payments to active participants in the long-term performance unit program;
  unvested stock options issued under the 2011 equity ownership plan vest on the retirement date and expire ten years from the grant date of the options;
  unvested stock options issued under the 2015 equity ownership plan vest on the retirement date and expire the earlier of five years from the grant date of the options or the original term of ten years;
  any unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units held by the executive upon his retirement are forfeited; and he or she is generally entitled to all vested accrued benefits and compensation as of the separation date,
  including qualified pension benefits and other post-employment benefits consistent with those generally available to salaried employees.
495
table of contents disability if a named executive officer's employment is terminated due to disability, he or she generally is entitled to the same compensation and separation benefits described above under "retirement," except that unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units may be subject to specific disability benefits as noted, where applicable, in the tables above.
death if a named executive officer dies while actively employed by an entergy employer, he or she generally is entitled to the same compensation and separation benefits described above under "retirement," except that unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units may be subject to specific death benefits as noted, where applicable, in the tables above.
pay ratio as required by section 953(b) of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the following disclosure is being provided about the relationship of the annual total compensation of the employees of each of the utility operating companies to the annual total compensation of their respective presidents and chief executive officers.
identification of median employee for each of the utility operating companies, october 6, 2017 was selected as the date on which to determine the median employee. to identify the median employee from each of the utility operating companies' employee population base, all compensation included in box 5 of form w-2 was considered with all before-tax deductions added back to this compensation (box 5 compensation). for purposes of determining the median employee of each utility operating company, box 5 compensation was selected as it is believed it is representative of the compensation received by the employees of each respective utility operating company and is readily available. the calculation of annual total compensation of the median employee for each utility operating company is the same calculation used to determine total compensation for purposes of the 2017 summary compensation table with respect to each of the named executive officers.
entergy arkansas ratio for 2017,
  mr. riley's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2017 summary compensation table, was $1,353,719.
  the annual total compensation of the median employee was $127,560.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. riley to the median employee is estimated to be 11:1.
entergy louisiana ratio for 2017,
  mr. may's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2017 summary compensation table, was $1,564,954.
  the annual total compensation of the median employee was $144,954.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. may to the median employee is estimated to be 11:1.
496
table of contents entergy mississippi ratio for 2017,
  mr. fisackerly's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2017 summary compensation table, was $1,207,343.
  the annual total compensation of the median employee was $112,110.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. fisackerly to the median employee  is estimated to be 11:1.
entergy new orleans ratio for 2017,
  mr. rice's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2017 summary compensation table, was $824,111.
  the annual total compensation of the median employee was $91,346.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. rice to the median employee is estimated to be 9:1.
entergy texas ratio for 2017,
  ms. rainer's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2017 summary compensation table, was $1,200,260.
  the annual total compensation of the median employee was $129,877.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of ms. rainer to the median employee is estimated to be 9:1.
497

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 12.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management entergy corporation owns 100% of the outstanding common stock of registrants entergy arkansas, entergy mississippi, entergy texas, and indirectly 100% of the outstanding common membership interests of registrant entergy louisiana and entergy new orleans. the information with respect to persons known by entergy corporation to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of entergy corporation's outstanding common stock is included under the heading "entergy share ownership - beneficial owners of more than five percent" in the proxy statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. the registrants know of no contractual arrangements that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of any of the registrants.
the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of common stock of entergy corporation and stock-based units as of january 31, 2018 for all non-employee directors and named executive officers. unless otherwise noted, each person had sole voting and investment power over the number of shares of common stock and stock-based units of entergy corporation set forth across from his or her name.
498
table of contents name                                shares(1)(2)               options exercisable               stock units(3)
within 60 days entergy corporation a. christopher bakken,      10,710                     12,533                                 -
iii**
maureen s. bateman*         22,716                          -                                 -
marcus v. brown**           27,803                    130,066                                 -
patrick j. condon*           4,460                          -                                 -
leo p. denault***          133,457                    565,133                                 -
kirkland h. donald*          5,736                          -                             1,389
philip l. frederickson*      2,775                          -                               805
alexis m. herman*           12,581                          -                                 -
donald c. hintz*            15,096                          -                             3,942
stuart l. levenick*         18,047                          -                                 -
blanche l. lincoln*         11,004                          -                                 -
andrew s. marsh**           60,425                    166,766                                 -
karen a. puckett*            4,460                          -                                 -
w. j. tauzin*               17,809                          -                                 -
roderick k. west**          42,475                    114,066                                 -
all directors and executive officers as      444,591                  1,112,495                             6,136
a group (19 persons)
entergy arkansas a. christopher bakken,      10,710                     12,533                                 -
iii**
marcus v. brown**           27,803                    130,066                                 -
leo p. denault**           133,457                    565,133                                 -
andrew s. marsh***          60,425                    166,766                                 -
richard c. riley***         11,169                     16,967                                 -
roderick k. west***         42,475                    114,066                                 -
all directors and executive officers as      341,076                  1,129,462                                 -
a group (10 persons)
entergy louisiana a. christopher bakken,      10,710                     12,533                                 -
iii**
marcus v. brown**           27,803                    130,066                                 -
leo p. denault**           133,457                    565,133                                 -
andrew s. marsh***          60,425                    166,766                                 -
phillip r. may, jr.***      18,203                     47,100                                12
roderick k. west***         42,475                    114,066                                 -
all directors and executive officers as      348,110                  1,159,595                                12
a group (10 persons)
499
table of contents name                                  shares(1)(2)               options exercisable             stock units(3)
within 60 days entergy mississippi marcus v. brown**             27,803                    130,066                               -
leo p. denault**             133,457                    565,133                               -
haley r. fisackerly***         6,605                     21,933                               -
andrew s. marsh***            60,425                    166,766                               -
roderick k. west***           42,475                    114,066                               -
all directors and executive officers as        325,802                  1,121,895                               -
a group (9 persons)
entergy new orleans marcus v. brown**             27,803                    130,066                               -
leo p. denault**             133,457                    565,133                               -
andrew s. marsh***            60,425                    166,766                               -
charles l. rice, jr.***        5,855                     10,266                               -
roderick k. west***           42,475                    114,066                               -
all directors and executive officers as        325,052                  1,110,228                               -
a group (9 persons)
entergy texas marcus v. brown**             27,803                    130,066                               -
leo p. denault**             133,457                    565,133                               -
andrew s. marsh***            60,425                    166,766                               -
sallie t. rainer***            7,884                     14,866                               -
roderick k. west***           42,475                    114,066                               -
all directors and executive officers as        327,081                  1,114,828                               -
a group (9 persons)
*    director of the respective company
**   named executive officer of the respective company
***  director and named executive officer of the respective company the number of shares of entergy corporation common stock owned by each individual and by all non-employee
(1)  directors and executive officers as a group does not exceed one percent of the outstanding shares of entergy corporation common stock.
for the non-employee directors, the balances include phantom units that are issued under the service recognition program.  all non-employee directors are credited with phantom units for each year of service
(2)  on the entergy corporation board.  these phantom units do not have voting rights, accrue dividends, and will be settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock following the non-employee director's separation from the board.
represents the balances of phantom units each executive holds under the defined contribution restoration plan and the deferral provisions of the equity ownership plan.  these units will be paid out in either entergy corporation common stock or cash equivalent to the value of one share of entergy corporation
(3)  common stock per unit on the date of payout, including accrued dividends.  the deferral period is determined by the individual and is at least two years from the award of the bonus.  messrs. donald, hintz, and frederickson have deferred receipt of some of their quarterly stock grants.  the deferred shares will be settled in cash in an amount equal to the market value of entergy corporation common stock at the end of the deferral period.
500
table of contents equity compensation plan information the following table summarizes the equity compensation plan information as of december 31, 2017. information is included for equity compensation plans approved by the stockholders and equity compensation plans not approved by the stockholders.
number of number of                                                   securities securities to be                                            remaining issued upon                  weighted average               available for plan                             exercise of                exercise price (b)               future issuance outstanding options                                         (excluding
(a)                                                         securities reflected in column (a))(c)
equity compensation plans approved by           5,164,854                                         $83.26    3,498,788
security holders(1)
equity compensation plans not approved                  -                         -                                 -
by security holders(2)
total                 5,164,854                                         $83.26    3,498,788
includes the 2007 equity ownership plan, the 2011 equity ownership plan, and the 2015 equity ownership plan.  the 2007 equity ownership plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 12, 2006, and only applied to awards granted between january 1, 2007 and may 5, 2011.  the 2011 equity ownership plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 6, 2011, and only applied to awards granted between may 6, 2011 and may 7, 2015.  the 2015 equity ownership plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 8, 2015, and 6,900,000 shares of entergy corporation common stock can be issued from the 2015 equity ownership plan, with no more than 1,500,000 shares available for incentive stock option grants.  the 2015 plan applies to awards granted on or after may 8, 2015.  the 2007 equity ownership plan,
(1)  the 2011 equity ownership plan, and the 2015 equity ownership plan (the "plans") are administered by the personnel committee of the board of directors (other than with respect to awards granted to non-employee directors, which awards are administered by the entire board of directors).  eligibility under the plans is limited to the non-employee directors and to the officers and employees of an entergy employer and any corporation 80% or more of whose stock (based on voting power) or value is owned, directly or indirectly, by entergy corporation.  the plans provide for the issuance of stock options, restricted stock, equity awards (units whose value is related to the value of shares of the common stock but do not represent actual shares of common stock), performance awards (performance shares or units valued by reference to shares of common stock or performance units valued by reference to financial measures or property other than common stock), restricted stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards.
entergy has a board-approved stock-based compensation plan. however, effective may 9, 2003, the board has
(2)  directed that no further awards be issued under that plan.  as of december 31, 2017, all options outstanding under the plan were either exercised or expired.
501

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 13.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

certain relationships and related party transactions and director independence for information regarding certain relationship, related transactions and director independence of entergy corporation, see the proxy statement under the headings "corporate governance at entergy - director independence"
and "corporate governance at entergy - governance policies - our transactions with related party persons policy."
entergy corporation's board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of any transaction involving an amount in excess of $120,000 in which any director or executive officer of entergy corporation, any nominee for director, or any immediate family member of the foregoing has or will have a material interest as contemplated by item 404(a) of regulation s-k ("related person transactions").
under these policies and procedures, entergy corporation's corporate governance committee or a subcommittee of its board of directors consisting entirely of independent directors reviews the transaction and either approves or rejects the transaction after taking into account the following factors:
  whether the proposed transaction is on terms that are at least as favorable to entergy corporation as those achievable with an unaffiliated third party;
  size of the transaction and amount of consideration;
  nature of the interest;
  whether the transaction involves a conflict of interest;
  whether the transaction involves services available from unaffiliated third parties; and
  any other factors that the corporate governance committee or subcommittee deems relevant.
the policy does not apply to (a) compensation and related person transactions involving a director or an executive officer solely resulting from that person's service as a director or employment with entergy corporation so long as the compensation is approved by the board of directors (or an appropriate committee), (b) transactions involving public utility services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority, or (c) any other categories of transactions currently or in the future excluded from the reporting requirements of item 404(a)
of regulation s-k.
related party transactions since january 1, 2017, neither entergy corporation nor any of its affiliates has participated in any related person transaction.
502

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 14.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

principal accountant fees and services
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
aggregate fees billed to entergy corporation (consolidated), entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016
by deloitte & touche llp were as follows:
2017          2016
entergy corporation (consolidated)
audit fees                            $8,401,895    $8,932,000
audit-related fees (a)                   875,000       865,000
total audit and audit-related fees     9,276,895     9,797,000
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (b)                        $9,276,895    $9,797,000
entergy arkansas audit fees                            $1,018,860    $1,056,881
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees     1,018,860     1,056,881
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (b)                        $1,018,860    $1,056,881
entergy louisiana audit fees                            $1,887,719    $2,138,762
audit-related fees (a)                   500,000       450,000
total audit and audit-related fees     2,387,719     2,588,762
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (b)                        $2,387,719    $2,588,762
entergy mississippi audit fees                              $933,860      $971,881
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees       933,860       971,881
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (b)                          $933,860      $971,881
503

2017          2016
entergy new orleans audit fees                              $953,860    $1,056,881
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees       953,860     1,056,881
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (b)                          $953,860    $1,056,881
entergy texas audit fees                            $1,093,860    $1,076,881
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees     1,093,860     1,076,881
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (b)                        $1,093,860    $1,076,881
system energy audit fees                              $868,860      $861,881
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees       868,860       861,881
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (b)                          $868,860      $861,881
(a)  includes fees for employee benefit plan audits, consultation on financial accounting and reporting, and other attestation services.
(b)  100% of fees paid in 2017 and 2016 were pre-approved by the entergy corporation audit committee.
504
table of contents entergy audit committee guidelines for pre-approval of independent auditor services the audit committee has adopted the following guidelines regarding the engagement of entergy's independent auditor to perform services for entergy:
the independent auditor will provide the audit committee, for approval, an annual engagement letter
1.  outlining the scope of services proposed to be performed during the fiscal year, including audit services and other permissible non-audit services (e.g. audit-related services, tax services, and all other services).
for other permissible services not included in the engagement letter, entergy management will submit a description of the proposed service, including a budget estimate, to the audit committee for pre-approval.
2.  management and the independent auditor must agree that the requested service is consistent with the sec's rules on auditor independence prior to submission to the audit committee.  the audit committee, at its discretion, will pre-approve permissible services and has established the following additional guidelines for permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor:
  aggregate non-audit service fees are targeted at fifty percent or less of the approved audit service fee.
  all other services should only be provided by the independent auditor if it is a highly qualified provider of that service or if the audit committee pre-approves the independent audit firm to provide the service.
3.  the audit committee will be informed quarterly as to the status of pre-approved services actually provided by the independent auditor.
to ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the audit committee delegates to the audit committee chair
4.  or its designee the authority to approve permissible services and fees.  the audit committee chair or designee will report action taken to the audit committee at the next scheduled audit committee meeting.
5.  the vice president and general auditor will be responsible for tracking all independent auditor fees and will report quarterly to the audit committee.
505

  
                                                                                                                 
                                                     part iv                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 15.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

exhibits and financial statement schedules financial statements and independent auditors' reports for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana,
(a)1.  entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the table of contents.
(a)2.  financial statement schedules report of independent registered public accounting firm (see page 530)
financial statement schedules are listed in the index to financial statement schedules (see page s-1)
(a)3.  exhibits exhibits for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the exhibit index (see page 507).  each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto is identified as such by footnote in the exhibit index.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 16.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

form 10-k summary
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
none.
506
table of contents exhibit index the following exhibits indicated by an asterisk preceding the exhibit number are filed herewith. the balance of the exhibits have heretofore been filed with the sec as the exhibits and in the file numbers indicated and are incorporated herein by reference. the exhibits marked with a (+) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed herewith and required to be identified as such by item 15 of form 10-k.
some of the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this form 10-k contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. these representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of "materiality" that are different from the standard of "materiality" under the applicable securities laws; and
(iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement.
entergy acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this form 10-k not misleading.
(2) plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession entergy louisiana
(a) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy gulf states louisiana, llc (2.1 to form
8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(a) 2 --  plan of merger of entergy louisiana, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.2 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(a) 3 --  plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(a) 4 --  plan of merger of entergy new orleans, inc. and entergy new orleans power, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
(3) articles of incorporation and by-laws entergy corporation
(a) 1 --  restated certificate of incorporation of entergy corporation dated october 10, 2006 (3(a) to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2006 in 1-11299).
(a) 2 --  bylaws of entergy corporation as amended january 27, 2017, and as presently in effect (3.1 to form
8-k filed january 30, 2017 in 1-11299).
system energy amended and restated articles of incorporation of system energy and amendments thereto
*(b) 1 --  through april 28, 1989.

(b) 2 --   by-laws of system energy effective july 6, 1998, and as presently in effect (3(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 1-9067).
507
table of contents entergy arkansas
(c) 1 --  articles of amendment and restatement for the second amended and restated articles of incorporation of entergy arkansas effective august 19, 2009 (3 to form 8-k filed august 24, 2009 in 1-10764).
(c) 2 --  by-laws of entergy arkansas effective november 26, 1999, and as presently in effect (3(ii)(c) to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 1999 in 1-10764).
entergy louisiana certificate of formation of entergy louisiana power, llc (including certificate of amendment to
(d) 1 --  certificate of formation to change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7, 2015
(3.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
company agreement of entergy louisiana power, llc (including first amendment to company agreement to
(d) 2 --  change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7, 2015 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
entergy mississippi
(e) 1 --  second amended and restated articles of incorporation of entergy mississippi effective july 21, 2009
(99.1 to form 8-k filed july 27, 2009 in 1-31508).
(e) 2 --  by-laws of entergy mississippi effective november 26, 1999, and as presently in effect (3(ii)(f) to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1999 in 0-320).
entergy new orleans
(f) 1 --  certificate of formation of entergy new orleans, llc effective july 18, 2017 (3.3 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
(f) 2 --  company agreement of entergy new orleans, llc effective july 18, 2017 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
entergy texas
(g) 1 --  certificate of formation of entergy texas effective december 31, 2007 (3(i) to form 10 filed march
14, 2008 in 000-53134).
(g) 2 --  bylaws of entergy texas effective december 31, 2007 (3(ii) to form 10 filed march 14, 2008 in
000-53134).
(4) instruments defining rights of security holders, including indentures entergy corporation see (4)(b) through (4)(g) below for instruments defining the rights of security holders of system
(a) 1 --  energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas.
(a) 2 --  indenture (for unsecured debt securities), dated as of september 1, 2010, between entergy corporation and wells fargo bank, national association (4.01 to form 8-k filed september 16, 2010 in 1-11299).
(a) 3 --  officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 5.125% senior notes due september 15, 2020
(4.02(b) to form 8-k filed september 16, 2010 in 1-11299).
(a) 4 --  officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.50% senior note due december 16, 2028
(4(a)7 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
508

(a) 5 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 2.95% senior notes due september 1, 2026
(4.02 to form 8-k filed august 19, 2016 in 1-11299).
(a) 6 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.0% senior notes due july 15, 2022 (4.02
to form 8-k filed july 1, 2015 in 1-11299).
amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy corporation, as the
(a) 7 --   borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(g)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 in 1-11299).
amendment dated as of august 28, 2015, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, among entergy corporation, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions
(a) 8 --   party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(h) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 in
1-11299).
extension agreement, dated august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy corporation, as the borrower, the banks and other financial
(a) 9 --   institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(l) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in 1-11299).
amendment dated as of august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, among entergy corporation, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions
(a) 10 --  party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(m) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in
1-11299).
extension agreement, dated august 7, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy corporation, as the borrower, the banks and other
(a) 11 --  financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017).
amendment, dated as of october 17, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, as amended, among entergy corporation, as the borrower, the banks and other financial
(a) 12 --  institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017).
agreement, dated as of october 17, 2017, pursuant to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy corporation, as the borrower, the banks and other
(a) 13 --  financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017).
system energy mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of june 15, 1977, as amended and restated by the following supplemental indenture:(4.42 to form 8-k filed september 25, 2012 in 1-9067 (twenty-fourth)).
loan agreement, dated as of october 15, 1998, between system energy and mississippi business finance
(b) 1 --   corporation (b-6(b) to rule 24 certificate filed november 12, 1998 in 70-8511).
(b) 2 --   fuel lease, dated as of february 24, 1989, between river fuel funding company #3, inc. and system
*(b) 3 --  energy.

509
table of contents entergy arkansas mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of october 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5463 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7121 (first); 4(a)-7 in 2-10261 (seventh); 2(b)-10
in 2-15767 (tenth); 2(c) in 2-28869 (sixteenth); 2(c) in 2-35107 (eighteenth); 2(d) in 2-36646
(nineteenth); 2(c) in 2-39253 (twentieth);* filed herewith (thirtieth);* filed herewith
(thirty-first);* filed herewith (thirty-ninth);* filed herewith (forty-first); 4(d)(2) in 33-54298
(forty-sixth);c-2 to form u5s for the year ended december 31,1995 (fifty-third);4.06 to form 8-k
(c) 1 --   filed october 8, 2010 in 1-10764 (sixty-ninth);4.06 to form 8-k filed november 12, 2010 in 1-10764
(seventieth);4.06 to form 8-k filed december 13, 2012 in 1-10764 (seventy-first);4(e) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-second);4.06 to form 8-k filed may 30, 2013 in 1-10764
(seventy-third);4.06 to form 8-k filed june 4, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-fourth);4.05 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2014 in 1-10764 (seventy-sixth);4.05 to form 8-k filed december 9, 2014 in 1-10764
(seventy-seventh);4.05 to form 8-k filed january 8, 2016 in 1-10764 (seventy-eighth); and4.05 to form 8-k filed august 16, 2016 in 1-10764 (seventy-ninth)).
amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy arkansas, as the
(c) 2 --   borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(i)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 in 1-10764).
amendment dated as of august 28, 2015, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, among entergy arkansas, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party
(c) 3 --   thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(j) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 in
1-10764).
extension agreement, dated august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy arkansas, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions
(c) 4 --   party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(n) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in
1-10764).
amendment dated as of august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, among entergy arkansas, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party
(c) 5 --   thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(o) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in
1-10764).
extension agreement, dated august 7, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy arkansas, inc., as the borrower, the banks and other
(c) 6 --   financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-10764).
amendment, dated as of october 17, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, as amended, among entergy arkansas, inc., as the borrower, the banks and other financial
(c) 7 --   institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(e) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-10764).
agreement, dated as of october 17, 2017, pursuant to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy arkansas, inc., as the borrower, the banks and other
(c) 8--    financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-10764).
*(c) 9 --  fuel lease, dated as of december 22, 1988, between river fuel trust #1 and entergy arkansas.
loan agreement, dated as of january 1, 2013, between independence county, arkansas and entergy
(c) 10 --  arkansas relating to revenue bonds (entergy arkansas, inc. project) series 2013 (4(d) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in 1-10764).
510
table of contents entergy louisiana mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of april 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5317 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7408 (first);* filed herewith (sixth); 2(c) in
2-34659 (twelfth);* filed herewith (thirteenth); 2(b)-2 in 2-38378 (fourteenth);* filed herewith
(twenty-first);* filed herewith (twenty-fifth);* filed herewith (twenty-ninth);* filed herewith
(forty-second);a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate filed april 4, 1996 in 70-8487 (fifty-first);b-4(i) to rule 24 certificate filed january 10, 2006 in 70-10324 (sixty-third);b-4(ii) to rule 24 certificate filed january 10, 2006 in 70-10324 (sixty-fourth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september
30, 2008 in 1-32718 (sixty-fifth);4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-132718
(sixty-sixth);4.08 to form 8-k filed september 24, 2010 in 1-32718 (sixty-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k
(d) 1 --  filed march 24, 2011 in 1-32718 (seventy-first);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2011
in 1-32718 (seventy-second);4.08 to form 8-k filed july 3, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-fifth);4.08 to form 8-k filed december 4, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-sixth);4.08 to form 8-k filed may 21, 2013 in
1-32718 (seventy-seventh);4.08 to form 8-k filed august 23, 2013 in 1-32718 (seventy-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k filed june 24, 2014 in 1-32718 (seventy-ninth);4.08 to form 8-k filed july 1, 2014 in
1-32718 (eightieth);4.08 to form 8-k filed november 21, 2014 (eighty-first);4.1 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 (eighty-second);4(g) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-third);4.33
to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-fourth);4.33 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in
1-32718 (eighty-sixth);4.33 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-seventh); and4.43 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighty-eighth)).
amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy louisiana [old entergy louisiana] and entergy gulf states louisiana, as the borrowers, the banks and other financial
(d) 2 --  institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4.4 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in
1-32718).
amendment dated as of august 28, 2015, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, among entergy louisiana [old entergy louisiana] and entergy gulf states louisiana, as the
(d) 3 --  borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4.5 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
borrower assumption agreement dated as of october 1, 2015 of entergy louisiana [new entergy louisiana] under amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy
(d) 4 --  louisiana [old entergy louisiana] and entergy gulf states louisiana, as the borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto, as amended (4.6 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
extension agreement, dated august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy louisiana, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions
(d) 5 --  party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(p) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in
1-32718).
amendment dated as of august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14,
2015, among entergy louisiana, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party
(d) 6 --  thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(q) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in
1-32718).
extension agreement, dated august 7, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy louisiana, llc, as the borrower, the banks and other
(d) 7 --  financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(g) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-32718).
511
table of contents amendment, dated as of october 17, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy louisiana, llc, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(h) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-32718).
agreement, dated as of october 17, 2017, pursuant to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy louisiana, llc, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(i) to form 10-q for the quarter
(d) 8 --    ended september 30, 2017 in 1-32718).
(d) 9 --    fuel lease, dated as of january 31, 1989, between river fuel company #2, inc., and entergy
*(d) 10 --  louisiana.

*(d) 11 --  nuclear fuel lease agreement between entergy gulf states, inc. and river bend fuel services, inc.
to lease the fuel for river bend unit 1, dated february 7, 1989.
*(d) 12 --  exhibit a to trust indenture dated as of february 7, 1989 between river bend fuel services, inc.
and u.s. bank national association (as successor trustee).
loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between the louisiana public facilities authority and
(d) 13 --   entergy louisiana relating to refunding revenue bonds (entergy louisiana, llc project) series 2016a
(4(b) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718).
loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between louisiana public facilities authority and
(d) 14 --   entergy louisiana relating to refunding revenue bonds (entergy louisiana, llc project) series 2016b
(4(d) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718).
indenture of mortgage, dated september 1, 1926, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7-a-9 in registration no. 2-6893 (seventh);* filed herewith (eighteenth); 2-a-8 in registration no. 2-66612 (thirty-eighth);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31,1999 in
1-27031 (fifty-eighth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2008 in 333-148557
(seventy-sixth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009 in 0-20371
(d) 15 --   (seventy-seventh);4.07 to form 8-k filed october 1, 2010 in 0-20371 (seventy-eighth);4.07 to form
8-k filed july 1, 2014 in 0-20371 (eighty-first);4.2 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in
1-32718 (eighty-second);4.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718 (eighty-third);4.42 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-fourth);4.42 to form 8-k filed may 19, 2016 in
1-32718 (eighty-fifth);4.42 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-sixth);4.42 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-seventh); and4.42 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017
in 1-32718 (eighty-eighth)).
agreement of resignation, appointment and acceptance, dated as of october 3, 2007, among entergy
(d) 16 --   gulf states, inc., jpmorgan chase bank, national association, as resigning trustee, and the bank of new york, as successor trustee (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2007 in
1-27031).
mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4.38 in registration no. 333-190911-07 (mortgage);4(f) to form
8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718 (first);4.40 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in 1-32718
(d) 17 --   (second);4(h) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 in 1-32718 (fourth);4.40 to form
8-k filed may 19, 2016 in 1-32718 (fifth);4.40 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in 1-32718
(sixth);4.41 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (seventh); and4.41 to form 8-k filed may
23, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighth)).
officer's certificate no. 1-b-1, dated march 18, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 18 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4(e) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in
1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 2-b-2, dated march 17, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 19 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in
1-32718).
(d) 20 --   officer's certificate no. 4-b-4, dated may 16, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed may 19, 2016 in 1-32718).
512
table of contents officer's certificate no. 6-b-5, dated august 10, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 21 --  of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in
1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 7-b-6, dated september 28, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 22 --  trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in
1-32718).
(d) 23 --  officer's certificate no. 8-b-7, dated may 17, 2017, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718).
entergy mississippi mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of february 1, 1988, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(* filed herewith (mortgage);* filed herewith (sixth);a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate filed may 14, 1999 in 70-8719 (thirteenth);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2009 in 1-31508
(e) 1 --  (twenty-sixth);4.38 to form 8-k filed december 11, 2012 in 1-31508 (thirtieth);4.05 to form 8-k filed march 21, 2014 in 1-31508 (thirty-first);4.05 to form 8-k filed may 13, 2016 in 1-31508
(thirty-second);4.16 to form 8-k filed september 15, 2016 in 1-31508 (thirty-third); and4.16 to form
8-k filed november 14, 2017 in 1-31508 (thirty-fourth)).
entergy new orleans mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of may 1, 1987, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(* filed herewith (mortgage);* filed herewith (third);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 0-5807 (seventh);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 23, 2010 in 0-5807
(f) 1 --  (fifteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 29, 2012 in 1-35747 (sixteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed june 21, 2013 in 1-35747 (seventeenth);4(m) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 in
1-35747 (eighteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed march 22, 2016 in 1-35747 (nineteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed may 24, 2016 in 1-35747 (twentieth); and4.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747
(twenty-first)).
amended and restated credit agreement ($25,000,000), dated as of november 20, 2015, among entergy new
(f) 2 --  orleans, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent (4(f)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2015 in 1-35747).
amendment, dated as of june 30, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of november
(f) 3 --  20, 2015, among entergy new orleans, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent (4(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2016 in 1-35747).
amendment, dated as of september 26, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of
(f) 4 --  november 20, 2015, as amended, among entergy new orleans, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent
(4(j) to form 10-q for the quarter ending september 30, 2017 in 1-35747).
borrower assumption agreement, dated as of november 30, 2017, of entergy new orleans power, llc under the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of november, 2015, as amended, among entergy new
(f) 5 --  orleans, inc., as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent  (4.2 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in
1-35747).
entergy texas indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas
(g) 1 --  and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(h)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008
in 0-53134).
513
table of contents officer's certificate no. 1-b-1 dated january 27, 2009, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(h)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 in 0-53134).
officer's certificate no. 5-b-4 dated september 7, 2011, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed september 13, 2011 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 7-b-5 dated may 13, 2014, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york
(g) 2 --   mellon, as trustee.
(g) 3 --   officer's certificate no. 8-b-6 dated may 18, 2015, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
*(g) 4 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york
(g) 5 --   mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 21, 2015 in 1-34360).

officer's certificate no. 9-b-7 dated march 8, 2016, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 6 --   security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 11, 2016 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 10-b-8 dated november 14, 2017, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 7 --   and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.48 to form 8-k filed november 17, 2017 in 1-34360).
amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy texas, as the
(g) 8 --   borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(k)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 in 1-34360).
amendment dated as of august 28, 2015, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, among entergy texas, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party
(g) 9 --   thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(l) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 in
1-34360).
extension agreement, dated august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, among entergy texas, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions
(g) 10 --  party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(r) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in
1-34360).
amendment dated as of august 8, 2016, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, among entergy texas, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party
(g) 11 --  thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(s) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 in
1-34360).
extension agreement, dated august 7, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy texas, inc., as the borrower, the banks and other
(g) 12 --  financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(k) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-34360).
amendment, dated as of october 17, 2017, to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august
14, 2015, as amended, among entergy texas, inc., as the borrower, the banks and other financial
(g) 13 --  institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(l) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-34360).
514
table of contents amendment, dated as of october 17, 2017, pursuant to amended and restated credit agreement dated as of august 14, 2015, as amended, among entergy texas, inc., as the borrower, the banks and other
(g) 14 --  financial institutions party thereto as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as an lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks party thereto (4(m) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017 in 1-34360).
(10) material contracts entergy corporation
2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
+(a) 1 --   (effective for grants and elections on or after january 1, 2007) (appendix b to entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 24, 2006 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
+(a) 2 --   corporation and subsidiaries effective october 26, 2006 (10(a)50 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
second amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
+(a) 3 --   corporation and subsidiaries effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)51 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
third amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
+(a) 4 --   corporation and subsidiaries effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)52 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 5 --   2011 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
(annex a to entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 24, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 6 --   2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (appendix c to 2015 entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 20, 2015 in 1-11299).
first amendment to the 2015 entergy corporation non-employee director stock program established
+(a) 7 --   under the 2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 in 1-11299).
+(a) 8 --   supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 9 --   first amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)58 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 10 --  second amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 11 --  third amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 12 --  fourth amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
+(a) 13 --  restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)59 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
first amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 14 --  subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)60 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2010 in 1-11299).
515
table of contents second amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 15 --  subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)60 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011
in 1-11299).
+(a) 16 --  executive disability plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
+(a) 17 --  restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)62 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
first amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 18 --  subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)63 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2010 in 1-11299).
second amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 19 --  subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)64 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011
in 1-11299).
+(a) 20 --  system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009
(10(a)77 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 21 --  first amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2010 (10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 22 --  second amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)69 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 23 --  third amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)71 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 24 --  post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended effective january 1, 2000
(10(a)80 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
+(a) 25 --  first amendment of the post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries effective december 28, 2001 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
+(a) 26 --  pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 27 --  first amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)75 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 28 --  second amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)76 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 29 --  third amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective june 19, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 30 --  fourth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 31 --  fifth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 32 --  executive income security plan of gulf states utilities company, as amended effective march 1, 1991
(10(a)86 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
516

+(a) 33 --   system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1,
2009 (10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 34 --   effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)79 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
+(a) 35 --   second amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 36 --   third amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 37 --   fourth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 38 --   fifth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 39 --   retention agreement effective august 3, 2006 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(b)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 in 1-11299).
+(a) 40 --   amendment to retention agreement effective january 1, 2009 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)93 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 41 --   amendment to retention agreement effective january 1, 2010 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)101 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 42 --   amendment to retention agreement effective december 30, 2010 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)95 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 43 --   shareholder approval of future severance agreements policy, effective march 8, 2004 (10(f) to form
10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2004 in 1-11299).
first amendment to the 2015 entergy corporation non-employee director stock program established
+(a) 44 --   under the 2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 in 1-11299).
+(a) 45 --   entergy nuclear retention plan, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2007 (10(a)107 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 1-11299).
*+(a) 46 --  form of stock option grant agreement.
*+(a) 47 --  form of long term incentive program performance unit agreement.
*+(a) 48 --  form of restricted stock grant agreement.
*+(a) 49 --  form of restricted stock units grant agreement.
+(a) 50 --   restricted units agreement between roderick k. west and entergy corporation (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 51 --   restricted stock unit agreement between andrew  marsh and entergy corporation (10(a)102 to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 in 1-11299).
517
table of contents executive annual incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries as amended and restated
+(a) 52 --  effective january 1, 2016 (appendix b to 2015 entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 20, 2015 in 1-11299).
+(a) 53 --  entergy corporation service recognition program for non-employee directors, as amended and restated effective june 1, 2015 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2015 in 1-11299).
+(a) 54 --  restricted stock units agreement by and between a. christopher bakken, iii and entergy corporation effective april 6, 2016 (10(a)54 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
+(a) 55 --  offer letter, dated january 28, 2016, by and between a. christopher bakken, iii and entergy services (10(a)55 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299)
system energy availability agreement, dated june 21, 1974, among system energy and certain other system
*(b) 1 --   companies.

*(b) 2 --   first amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 30, 1977.
*(b) 3 --   second amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 15, 1981.
*(b) 4 --   third amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984.
*(b) 5 --   fourth amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989.
thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of september
(b) 6 --    1, 2012, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (10(a)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-11299).
amendment to the thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated
(b) 7 --    as of september 18, 2015, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (4.25 to form s-3 filed october 2, 2015).
*(b) 8 --   capital funds agreement, dated june 21, 1974, between entergy corporation and system energy.
*(b) 9 --   first amendment to capital funds agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989.
thirty-seventh supplementary capital funds agreement and assignment, dated as of september 1, 2012,
(b) 10 --   among entergy corporation, system energy, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee
(10(a)19 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-11299).
*(b) 11 --  facility lease no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, between meridian trust company and stephen m.
carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy.
(b) 12 --   lease supplement no. 4, dated as of january 15, 2014, to facility lease no. 1 (10(b)12 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
*(b) 13 --  facility lease no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988 between meridian trust company and stephen m.
carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy.
(b) 14 --   lease supplement no. 4, dated as of may 28, 2014, to facility lease no. 2 (10(b)14 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
*(b) 15 --  reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies.
518
table of contents unit power sales agreement among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy
(b) 16 --  mississippi, and entergy new orleans dated as of june 10, 1982, as amended and revised (10(b)16 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
entergy louisiana amendment to limited liability company agreement, effective as of may 26, 2017, and amends the fourth amended and restated limited liability company agreement of entergy holdings company llc
*(c) 1 --  effective as of september 19, 2015.

(12) statement re computation of ratios
*(a)  entergy arkansas's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred dividends, as defined.
*(b)  entergy louisiana's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred distributions, as defined.
*(c)  entergy mississippi's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred dividends, as defined.
*(d)  entergy new orleans's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred dividends, as defined.
*(e)  entergy texas's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges, as defined.
*(f)  system energy's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges, as defined.
*(21) subsidiaries of the registrants
(23) consents of experts and counsel
*(a)  the consent of deloitte & touche llp is contained herein at page 529.
*(24) powers of attorney
(31) rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications
*(a)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy corporation.
*(b)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy corporation.
*(c)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy arkansas.
*(d)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy arkansas.
*(e)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy louisiana.
*(f)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy louisiana.
*(g)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy mississippi.
*(h)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy mississippi.
*(i)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy new orleans.
519

*(j)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy new orleans.
*(k)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy texas.
*(l)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy texas.
*(m)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
*(n)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
(32) section 1350 certifications
*(a)  section 1350 certification for entergy corporation.
*(b)  section 1350 certification for entergy corporation.
*(c)  section 1350 certification for entergy arkansas.
*(d)  section 1350 certification for entergy arkansas.
*(e)  section 1350 certification for entergy louisiana.
*(f)  section 1350 certification for entergy louisiana.
*(g)  section 1350 certification for entergy mississippi.
*(h)  section 1350 certification for entergy mississippi.
*(i)  section 1350 certification for entergy new orleans.
*(j)  section 1350 certification for entergy new orleans.
*(k)  section 1350 certification for entergy texas.
*(l)  section 1350 certification for entergy texas.
*(m)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
*(n)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
520

(101) xbrl documents entergy corporation
*ins -  xbrl instance document.
*sch -  xbrl taxonomy extension schema document.
*cal -  xbrl taxonomy extension calculation linkbase document.
*def -  xbrl taxonomy extension definition linkbase document.
*lab -  xbrl taxonomy extension label linkbase document.
*pre -  xbrl taxonomy extension presentation linkbase document.
_________________
*  filed herewith.
+  management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.
521
table of contents entergy corporation signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy corporation by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2018
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2018

leo p. denault (chairman of the board, chief executive officer and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president and chief financial officer; principal financial officer); maureen s. bateman, patrick j. condon, kirkland h. donald, philip l. frederickson, alexis m. herman, donald c. hintz, stuart l.
levenick, blanche l. lincoln, karen a. puckett, and w. j. tauzin (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2018

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
522
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy arkansas, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2018
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2018

richard c. riley (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2018

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
523
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy louisiana, llc by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2018
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2018

phillip r. may, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2018

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
524
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy mississippi, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2018
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2018

haley r. fisackerly (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2018

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
525
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy new orleans, llc by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2018
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2018

charles l. rice, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2018

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
526
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy texas, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2018
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2018

sallie t. rainer (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2018

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
527
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
system energy resources, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2018
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2018

roderick k. west (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); a. christopher bakken, iii and steven c. mcneal (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2018

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
528
table of contents exhibit 23(a)
consents of independent registered public accounting firm we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335 on form s-3 and in registration statements nos. 333-140183, 333-174148, 333-204546, and 333-206556 on form s-8 of our reports dated february 26, 2018, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy corporation for the year ended december 31, 2017.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-06 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2018, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy arkansas, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2017.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-03 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2018, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10k of entergy louisiana, llc for the year ended december 31, 2017.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-05 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2018, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy texas, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2017.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-04 on form s-3 of our report dated february 26, 2018, relating to the financial statements of system energy resources, inc. appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of system energy resources, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2017.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
529
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedule we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the "corporation")
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017, and the corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2018. our audits also included the consolidated financial statement schedule of the corporation listed in item 15. this consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the corporation's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's consolidated financial statement schedule based on our audits. in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
530
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries entergy mississippi, inc.
entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries to the members and board of directors of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedules we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, and entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and we have also audited the financial statements of entergy mississippi, inc. (collectively the
"companies") as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31,
2017, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2018. our audits also included the financial statement schedules of the respective companies listed in item 15. these financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the respective companies' management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companies' financial statement schedules based on our audits. in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2018
531
table of contents index to financial statement schedules schedule                                                           page ii        valuation and qualifying accounts 2017, 2016, and 2015:
entergy corporation and subsidiaries                     s-2
entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries                  s-3
entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries                  s-4
entergy mississippi, inc.                                s-5
entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries                s-6
entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries                     s-7
schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.
columns have been omitted from schedules filed because the information is not applicable.
s-1
table of contents entergy corporation and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
2017                                          $11,924              $4,211            $2,548             $13,587
2016                                          $39,895              $7,505           $35,476             $11,924
2015                                          $35,663              $6,926            $2,694             $39,895
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-2
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
2017                                           $1,211                $503              $651              $1,063
2016                                          $34,226                $902           $33,917              $1,211
2015                                          $32,247              $2,759              $780             $34,226
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-3
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015

-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
2017                                           $6,277              $3,108              $955              $8,430
2016                                           $4,209              $2,942              $874              $6,277
2015                                           $1,609              $3,464              $864              $4,209
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-4
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2017,
2016, and 2015

-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2017                                            $549                 $255              $230                $574
2016                                            $718                 $259              $428                $549
2015                                            $873                 $247              $402                $718
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-5
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2017,
2016, and 2015

-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2017                                          $3,059                 $152              $154              $3,057
2016                                            $268               $2,872               $81              $3,059
2015                                            $262                 $217              $211                $268
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-6
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2017,
2016, and 2015

-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2017                                            $828                 $192              $557                $463
2016                                            $474                 $531              $177                $828
2015                                            $672                 $239              $437                $474
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-7
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
